===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mrs. Rosy Zuklic, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued Devon's first quarter earnings release and presentation materials. Throughout the call today, we will make references to these materials to support prepared remarks. The release and slides can be found in the Investors section of the Devon website. Joining me on the call today are Clay Gaspar, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Ritenour, Chief Financial Officer, John Raines, SVP, Asset Management, Tom Hellman, SVP, E&P Operations and Trey Lowe, SVP, Technology and Chief Technology Officer. As a reminder, this conference call will include forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. securities laws. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forecast. Please refer to the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings material. With that, I'll turn the call over to Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rosy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Devon delivered a very strong first quarter, driven by a focus on operational excellence and financial discipline. Today, we will share how we're accelerating our strategy to drive sustainable shareholder value. Our strategic priorities on Slide 3 are clear: executing on our high-quality portfolio through operational excellence, maintaining financial strength, returning value to our shareholders, and cultivating a culture of success. In a market characterized by dynamic headwinds, Devon stays focused first on what we can control. Leveraging Devon's fifty-year history and an experienced leadership team prepared to handle the uncertainty of commodity price cycles, we remain confident in our value creation strategy. We're committed to our capital return framework, underpinned by our high-quality portfolio and our robust financial strength. With an investment-grade balance sheet and a $45 corporate breakeven, we are well-positioned to generate value even in a low-price environment. With the recent changes in leadership across our organization and the resulting fresh perspectives, we believe that this is an opportune time for us to accelerate our business optimization efforts and deliver an additional $1 billion in annual free cash flow by year-end '26. This undertaking demonstrates the creativity, dedication and talent of our employees, whose continued efforts advance Devon's success. We laid out our targets in our press release last month, and look forward to providing additional details on today's call. Our initial expectation was for the material benefits to start to accrue in 2026. We now believe that we can pull forward some progress into this year, and we're cutting 2025 full-year capital by $100 million while maintaining our productive capacity for the remainder of the year. Jeff will provide more details on this optimization plan later in our call. In parallel with our business optimization efforts, we will continue to monitor the broader market dynamics and adjust our plans as needed to maintain our financial strength and deliver top-tier returns for our shareholders. Now let's turn to Slide 4 and discuss our quarterly results. Our first quarter results reflect consistent, exceptional performance showcasing the strength of our diversified portfolio. Oil production exceeded the upper limit of our guidance range, reaching an impressive 388,000 barrels per day. This achievement was largely attributed to stronger-than-anticipated base performance in The Rockies and outstanding early well results in the Eagle Ford. From a capital perspective, we also delivered another solid quarter. Effective cost management and reduced infrastructure spending in the Delaware Basin allowed us to keep total capital below our guidance range. Overall, our production performance and capital discipline resulted in $1 billion of free cash flow generated in Q1. With a significant free cash flow, we returned nearly half to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We maintained a sharp focus on disciplined capital allocation, balancing high-return investments with substantial dividends and share repurchases to create sustainable value for our shareholders. Moving to Slide 5, the Delaware Basin continues to deliver exceptional performance, driven by operational improvements year after year. The expanded implementation of Simulfrac across the asset has been a key contributor with up to 60% utilization in our 2025 program. This increased adoption has enhanced completion efficiencies by 12% year to date and continues to accelerate our days online. On the drilling front, our teams continue to improve efficiency and optimize our rig fleet, achieving a 7% increase in drilling speeds year to date. These improvements have yielded meaningful operational changes, enabling us to reduce our rig count once again this quarter. As a reminder, we started the year expecting to run 14 rigs across the Delaware position, but now expect to reduce activity to 11 rigs in the second half of the year. Along with this reduction in rigs in the Delaware, we expect to build in some frac gaps both in Delaware and the Williston, given the improvement to our completion efficiency. Importantly, despite the reduction in rigs and frac activity, we're able to maintain our productive capacity and confidence in our production outlook. This plan highlights our commitment to capturing these improvements through capturing through capital discipline rather than growing production in a saturated oil market. Now let's turn to Slide 6 and talk about the Eagle Ford. As announced last quarter, Devon and BPX agreed to dissolve the partnership in the Blackhawk field. I'm pleased to share that this transaction successfully closed on April 01, 2025. Prior to close, Devon assumed operations of one of the legacy drilling rigs and our teams have already delivered significant drilling improvements. On our first Devon operated pad, drilling speeds increased by more than 40% compared to recent legacy performance. These efficiencies coupled with improved well design and supply chain enhancements have amounted to nearly 50% reduction in costs. With the cost savings seen to date, Devon is effectively incurring the same drilling capital with double the working interest in the Blackhawk field. Going forward, we expect to realize $2.7 million per well in savings as completions will commence on our first operated pad here in the second quarter. I have confidence that our team will continue to innovate and drive further improvements as we build operational momentum. With these early results, we are delivering on our plan to significantly enhance returns while providing a material uplift to the value of our position. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. Turning to Slide 7, highlighting our first quarter financial performance. Devon's core earnings totaled $779 million or $1.21 per share, EBITDAX was $2.1 million, and we generated operating cash flow of $1.9 billion which exceeded consensus estimates by a healthy margin. After funding our capital requirements, we generated $1 billion in free cash flow for the quarter, reaching the highest level since the third quarter of 2022. Our free cash flow generation was underpinned by oil production that exceeded the top end of our guidance, driven by the excellent operating performance highlighted by Clay, improving gas revenues that increased twofold from the prior quarter and disciplined capital investment that resulted in an impressive reinvestment rate of 50%. Our strong financial results supported another quarter of substantial cash return to shareholders. We distributed $464 million through dividends and share repurchases. Notably, we hit the upper end of our target buyback range for the quarter, spending $301 million on share repurchases and bringing the total value of our buyback program to $3.6 billion. Moving to Slide 8, we touch on the outlook for the remainder of 2025. Even with the recent downturn in commodity pricing, we're well-positioned to generate attractive free cash flow for the remainder of the year. As highlighted on the slide, at today's strip pricing, we're on track to deliver greater than $2 billion of free cash flow and have a tremendous margin of safety with our breakeven funding at around $45 WTI, including our fixed dividend. Furthermore, with our production exceeding expectations in the first quarter, we're increasing our full-year oil production outlook to be in the range of 382,000 to 388,000 barrels per day. This higher production equates to a 1% increase to our full-year outlook. In addition, reflecting the responsiveness of the organization to an acceleration of the business optimization plan, we're reducing our full-year capital investment by $100 million to a range of $3.7 billion to $3.9 billion. This reduction is driven by better performance on base and wedge production and the acceleration of capital efficiencies. Turning to Slide 9. In the first quarter, our cash balances increased by $388 million, reaching $1.2 billion. This strengthened liquidity position allowed Devon to exit the quarter with a healthy net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1 time. Looking ahead, we intend to use excess free cash flow to further build liquidity and retire upcoming debt maturities. After quarter end, we reached an agreement to sell our interest in the Matterhorn pipeline for approximately $375,000,000. We expect the transaction to close late in the second quarter, with proceeds further enhancing our cash position and liquidity. Our next debt maturity of $485 million is due in December, and we also have the opportunity to retire our $1 billion term loan in 2026. As Clay mentioned earlier, our broader shareholder return framework remains unchanged. Backed by strong financial positioning, we have the flexibility to advance our debt reduction goals, fund our capital program and continue delivering significant cash return to shareholders through our fixed dividend and share repurchase program. Now shifting gears to Slide 10 to discuss our recently announced business optimization plan. While we maintain a top-tier portfolio and investment-grade balance sheet, our focus remains on continuous improvement and delivering greater value to our shareholders. This initiative is designed to enhance operating margins, boost capital efficiency and increase free cash flow generation. Our plan outlines a range of targeted actions to drive more efficient field-level operations, including lowering drilling and completion cost, renegotiating contracts and reducing corporate cost. Importantly, these efforts extend beyond financial metrics. They reflect the strategic integration of technology across our operations and reinforce our commitment to achieving industry-leading returns. We believe the impact of these initiatives is substantial and unlocks meaningful long-term value for our shareholders. At our current valuation multiples, capitalizing the after-tax impact of the targeted $1 billion of incremental free cash flow could translate to an estimated $10 per share in value, highlighting the significance of this work. Turning to Slide 11, we outline the improvements by category and the timeline for achieving them. As you can see on the pie chart, we expect our business to achieve $1 billion pretax free cash flow in sustainable annual improvements by year-end 2026 as compared to our previously guided 2025 baseline. Beginning at the top with capital efficiency, we are targeting $300 million of improvements by year-end 2026. These capital enhancements are structural and assume steady service and supply cost. Said another way, we have not assumed the benefit of any deflation from current price levels. Moving clockwise on the chart to production optimization, we expect to achieve $250 million of improvements by reducing downtime, flattening production declines and optimizing our operating cost structure. For commercial opportunities, our marketing team's contracting strategies are expected to deliver $300 million in total improvements by increasing realizations and lowering GP&T cost. And finally, corporate cost reductions are expected to be $150 million derived from lower interest expense, corporate capital and G&A. From a timing perspective, we are acting with a sense of urgency. As shown in the bar chart to the right, these combined initiatives are expected to deliver approximately $400 million of cash flow uplift by year-end 2025. Half of this uplift stems from renegotiated contracts already secured by our marketing organization, which will generate over $200 million in improved margins primarily benefiting the Delaware Basin through lower gathering, processing, transportation and fractionation costs. These savings will begin to materialize in late 2025 with full-year impact in 2026. To be clear, we have not included any benefit related to the sale of our interest in Matterhorn pipeline in our business transformation uplift potential. Of the $400 million in expected uplift to be captured by year-end, $100 million is attributable to our capital efficiency and production optimization efforts and represents the capital reduction to our 2025 guide disclosed earlier in our comments. Beyond 2025, we anticipate a steady cadence of improvements with all initiatives fully realized by year-end 2026, providing the full run rate $1 billion pre-tax free cash flow improvement in 2027. With the increased free cash flow, we will remain committed to rewarding shareholders through share repurchases and growth in our fixed dividend, while also strengthening our financial position through continued debt reduction. Slide 12 provides examples of the type of work our teams are pursuing to achieve the targets for each category. I won't talk through the detail now, but in our Q&A session, we're happy to provide some additional color on how we're driving change with our business optimization efforts and creating long-term value for Devon. Bottom line, as the teams have proactively begun implementing many of these initiatives, we're confident in our ability to achieve our targets and have clear line of sight to our objective. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Rosy for Q&A.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Jeff. We'll now open the call for Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Emily, we will take our first call.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thanks so much. And, let's start off with unpacking the cost reductions here on Slide 10 and eleven that you talk about Clay and to give you an opportunity to kind of talk about your confidence interval around achieving it, when we can really see the run rate and help us to really itemize some of these buckets. I think people can kind of understand the corporate cost reductions, but some of the other things like commercial opportunities are a little harder to put our head around. So just kind of flesh it out a bit.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Neil. Appreciate the question. What I would tell you is, so we've done a good job of pointing the things that we can achieve in 2025, again, pulling some of those values as you saw the capital reduction. As you start working through the list of the other items, I get that it becomes a little bit of too. So, I'll tell you what, happy to follow-up on that, but we've got a few of the experts in the room. I'll start with Jeff, and he can start talking about some of the commercial aspects of it.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Neal, thanks for the question. Yes, I'm happy to jump in and talk a little bit about commercial opportunities. Frankly, that's where we have the absolute highest confidence because we already have those contracts executed. They are in place and they'll take effect at the end of this year and really into 2026, you'll get the full run rate benefit of that. Just to give you a little bit of color on what we've done there, so not a surprise to you, we have multiple midstream partners in the Delaware, in addition to the midstream infrastructure that we already own through our catalyst JV and our Cotton Draw midstream partnership. So that provides us a lot of leverage and opportunity and optionality, frankly to work with all of our partners and attempt to maximize margins. So, we had the benefit of a couple of contracts running their course as far as term over the next couple of years and we took advantage of the leverage that we have with our partners to really go in and look at how we could renegotiate those contracts and drive lower costs. So, it's a combination of lower fees, higher recoveries. The bulk of that is related to NGLs, our NGL business in the Delaware. But bottom line, we've reduced our fees. In some cases, we had legacy contracts that were 2x of what we expect to move forward with going forward. So, we've managed to reduce our fees on the gathering processing, transportation and fractionation. And again, all that will take effect at the beginning of 2026. So, feel really confident in our ability to deliver on those outcomes.
Clay Gaspar: Hey, Neil, in addition to that, John is here. He can talk a little bit about some of the opportunities in the production optimization.
John Raines: Yes, Neal, thanks for the question. So, so far, you've seen $100 million for 2025. Some of that's coming in the form of production optimization. We've seen an incredibly resilient base in The Rockies thus far this year. And so that's some of the good work that we're already taking credit for. Just to give you some ideas on the go forward, we've got projects that we listed in the slide deck. I'll hit on a few of those just to give you some more color So first, one that I'm pretty excited about is our LOE optimization through condition-based maintenance. Over the last several years, Devon sought to really improve our reliability through planned maintenance, but a lot of that maintenance has been calendar-based to date. So, equipment essentially gets maintained whether it actually needs that maintenance at that time or not. And so, what we're attempting to do there is use advanced analytics, KPIs and move that essentially to condition-based maintenance. So, the idea that we could eliminate some of those ineffective or potentially wasteful maintenance activities. And so that will help us reduce on the LOE front. Another one I'd like to talk about is our smart gas lift calibration. Devon uses a lot of centralized gas lift in certain assets, predominantly in the Stateline area, in the Delaware Basin and also in the Williston Basin. And sometimes these operations can be a little bit constrained on the gas lift injection. And so, when that occurs, we've got suboptimal lift occurring. And so, this is a project that we're already advancing. We're looking to use real-time analytics and AI models essentially to determine how much gas to allocate to each well for optimal performance. Those recommended injection rates are fixed directly. [Technical Problem] Okay. So, I'll continue with these. Real-time analytics and AI models essentially determine how much gas to allocate to each well for optimal performance. And so, those injection rates are pushed directly to end device for adjustment. So, again, where we have these big centralized gas lift operations, we expect to see some pretty significant uplift there. And as opposed to the project that I described earlier, this largely comes in the form of lowering our downtime and flattening our base decline curve. So, it gives you a little flavor. We expect to see some of this on the LOE side and expect to see some of this through improved production, which would eventually come in the form of lower capital.
Operator: Neil, are you still there? Thank you. Moving on to our next question, which comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Jeff, just a follow-up. I just want to see if you could just maybe clarify your comments on the lower GP&T rates in the Delaware. Could you maybe give us a sense of what this would do to your broad GP&T cost per unit, if we were to translate that into our models in 2026?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, you better, Rune. Just to give you a little bit additional color. As I said, it's really specific to our NGL business. There's some on the gas side as well, but that's where the biggest driver of this is. Just to give you a sense, we had some legacy contracts that were, call it, $1.5 and M, and now they're going to be almost half of that, right, in some cases. So, it's going to be pretty material. Again, specific to the Delaware, not at a corporate level, but specific to the volumes in the Delaware, it's going to be pretty material to our overall business. And as we highlighted in the slide deck, $200 million of that is already locked up and captured. And then the team is working on the incremental, call it, $50 million to $100 million over the course of the rest of this year. So, by the beginning of 2026, we should have that all locked down and in a good shape. And you'll start to see it flow through our financials. It will come through our financials in two ways. One, you'll see lower GP&T cost, but you'll also see, just given the nature of some of those contracts, it will show up in better realizations for us as well. So, a combination on the financial statement between realizations and our GP&T cost.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, Jeff. You guys highlighted some divestitures, your interest in Matterhorn and some real estate assets. Just wondering, Clay, if you could highlight some of your incremental midstream investments that you have at Devon that could be subject to future monetization?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Arun. We have a lot of midstream assets in particular, that hold various values to us. We've highlighted a few times the value that Grayson Mills brought along with the midstream assets and what that can mean to not just the individual well economics, but the increase related to the amount of portfolio options we have there. And so sometimes it has really interesting and incremental value. I would say there's other parts of the midstream asset portfolio that we may question, is this the right is something for us to continue to hold on to? Without going into details one for one, I would just tell you we're taking a holistic look that maybe there's sometimes we need to expand our midstream footprint to replicate what we're doing there with the Grayson assets. And I would say there's other times, for example, with Matterhorn, where it's kind of served its purpose. We continue to hold on to that capacity which is incredibly valuable, but the equity ownership clearly wasn't reflected in our organizational value. And therefore, when we monetize, it's just additional cash. So, I would say there's more of that to come, but it's too early to tell which direction we're going to be going overall as a corporation.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks a lot.
Clay Gaspar: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Doug, your line is open. Please proceed with your question. We are getting no response from Doug's line. And so, moving on to our next question, which comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Hey, guys, can you hear me okay?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Hello. Okay, good. Two questions, please. First, I think, Jeff and Clay, you guys talking about on the business optimization, seems like technology is going to be a big piece of that. Can you give us some understanding, then? I mean, how that the adoption now you are doing is different than what you've been doing? And also, that how you are different from the rest of your peers in terms of the adoption of the technology? And can you give us some example that what's new adoption versus that what you guys have been doing? That's the first question. Second question is that when we're looking at this in our model, not like the Delaware Basin, comparing to the number of wells that you bought on, the production is a little bit light for us wondering that is there is some one-off item other than, say, the winter storm, is it the cater of the well coming on stream throughout the quarter is different than a more real one is back-end loaded? Any kind of maybe the colors that you can provide, that would be great.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I love technology near and dear to my heart. And one of the changes that we made organizationally was promoting Trey Lowe, our Chief Technology Officer to the Executive Committee. And I think it's just already paying huge dividends have a ton of faith and our organization's ability to embrace technology across the board. But I'd love for Trey to expand a little bit on some of the things that he sees, one as the leader of technology, but also the leader of our business optimization project.
Trey Lowe: Definitely, I appreciate the question, Paul. We view technology as a differentiator for Devon just as you highlighted, and the ability for us to use technology to improve our operations is kind of core to our culture that we have here. The things that are new, John highlighted a couple in the production space that will be underpinned by new technologies that we've been investing in over the last few years. The other one that I would highlight is we've made a substantial investment in all of our industrial systems, sensors that we have across the field. We've invested heavily in standardizing that across all of our wells -- thousands of wells that we have across the business. And when you mix that with the competency that we've built in our teams and the alignment that we have across our leadership group to use that data, we're going to continue to see those advantages on the production space. One of the exciting projects that they have in our business optimization program is to take all of that real-time information and start running both physics-based models and algorithms in real time at scale across all of our wells to reach an optimal flowing condition for each well. And so, we're going to see the implementation of that over the next year, and that's a significant portion of that $250 million of targets that we have in the production optimization space. And then the second example that I love to talk about is AI and what we think that will mean for our company and for our employee base. And this year, we've rolled out a brand-new platform for all of our employees. And honestly, it's caught on like wildfire across our employees. And so, we've seen productivity boost from various domains up to 15% to 30% on the projects that working on. And these are real examples in our core business around things like how do you optimize final frac on a well? Or how do you take mud logs and cutting descriptions and use AI to give you a better geologic answer. And so, we're starting to see all of those things’ kind of flow through the company and that productivity boost for our employees, and we've been powering a group of individuals that are already aligned to using these tools, and we're really excited about it.
Clay Gaspar: And then, Paul, for your second question, John will pick that one up.
John Raines: Hey, Paul, your question on the Delaware Basin there's a few things I'll highlight there. One, yes, from a gross well standpoint, we brought on quite a few wells in the Delaware Basin. We did have a little bit lower working interest in Q1. So, from a net wells’ perspective, we're pretty similar to what you saw in Q4. The second thing I would point to there is the cadence of those wells was later in the quarter, so you got less production contribution from those wells in the quarter, and that's a little bit of the phenomenon you're seeing. You mentioned the weather. That was certainly a factor. We did see some minor weather downtime also in Q1 in the Delaware Basin. But what I would tell you is from a well productivity standpoint, going back to Q4, what we're seeing in Q1. We're really pleased with what we're seeing, especially early time. Most all of our projects and our major programs are meeting to exceeding expectations. So, despite what you're seeing, we're really put about what's going on in the Delaware.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Thanks, good morning. Clay, maybe give your view on sort of the broad macro trends. A lot of your peers have made some cuts to their activity levels, bringing down production relative to prior expectations. And I think part of the effort to is to continue to enhance free cash flow. Can you give us a sense of like how you're looking and thinking about the macro? I mean there were no specifically defined cuts related to weaker oil prices. But what would it take for Devon to sort of reevaluate its plan?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. Very topical today. And certainly, the macro environment is not lost on us. When we first think about the macro and we think about the commodity price and how it affects our investment decisions, we think about things through really kind of three lenses. One is the corporate breakeven as we mentioned earlier, $45, including our dividends. That's kind of one test. We think about the well returns, the economics. But we also think about the operational objectives and the associated distraction of making moves up and down, yo-yoing essentially the activity. all of the operational efficiencies we keep baking in quarter after quarter after quarter are on the back of that consistency. So, we don't take changes like that lightly. You've seen us gradually move down the rig count in the Delaware Basin 16 projecting going down to 11 with a similar output, and that's incredible efficiency. But as you mentioned, those are operational changes and not really a reaction to the macro. When I think about the macro today, the forward curve is relatively flat relative to the last couple of years, hovering around just under $60 we're watching that. We think about these incremental, these marginal investments really in the 12-month to 24-month time frame. And when I look at that curve, it still passes the test. But I can tell you, we're very self-aware, we're thinking about what's going on. We understand our flexibility. We reviewed all of our contracts. We have a tremendous amount of flexibility. And I would say we're closer to taking those kind of actions but not quite there. I think when market gets a little closer to the low $50s, and we feel like that has some sustainability. I think we'd be more likely to take more aggressive actions addition to the maintenance capital mode that we're in now. As for now, we'll take the operational improvements, accrue that to capital savings, continue to build free cash flow related to that. And then again, the business optimization is our incredible focus on driving more and more free cash flow, which we think has a tremendous amount of uplift for the organization and ultimately for the investors, and that's on the back of some really focused work by the organization and not yo-yoing them around too much.
Scott Hanold: Appreciate the comment. And I think this one is for Jeff. You all have pegged roughly, what, $200 million, $300 million per quarter on stock buybacks. And obviously, related to everything we were just talking about. A lot of the equities and energy have come down quite a bit, including new Devon as well. given that you're pulling forward some of this optimization value, you've got -- it sounds like very good visibility on achieving it. Does it make sense to maybe step up buybacks a little bit in the near term and utilize some of that free cash flow opportunistically?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Scott, thanks. I appreciate the question. And yes, we thought a lot about that and do consistently debate that with our Board each quarter is based on the macro environment and our broader strategic objectives. At this point, we feel very committed to not changing our game plan. So, you're going to continue to see us execute on the $200 million to $300 million range of share repo each quarter. Obviously, the fixed dividend is in place, we expect to grow that annually. And then any incremental free cash flow that comes back to the balance sheet, we're going to use that to bolster our liquidity and then ultimately pay down our debt over time. So, no change to our financial framework at this point in time. As Clay said, we're obviously not sticking our head and saying, we're going to watch the market and adjust accordingly. But we feel confident in our approach and don't have any plans to change that at this point.
Scott Hanold: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kalei Akamine with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine: Good morning, guys. I want to follow up on the Permian Basin. In the first quarter, you had the bulk of the till of in the year's program here in this quarter. And I have to imagine that there's a few Wolfcamp Bs in there. Can you talk about the productivity that you're seeing so far, i.e., how does it compare to Tier 1 zones like the A bench? And are there any noticeable differences in the oil rates in the oil and gas mix?
John Raines: Hi, Kalei, this is John. What we're seeing right now from the Wolfcamp B is fairly consistent with our expectations. What I would tell you about the Wolfcamp B is you see a lot of variability in the oil cut or the oil production throughout the basin. And so, when you think about our acreage footprint, we're quite diverse. We've got a step up north in Eddy County, step up North Lea County. You go down to our Stateline area across the border. And you get a little bit different contribution across all those assets. I'd say as you go further to the north, we see quite a bit higher oil cut. You see production characteristics that are more aligned to the Upper Wolfcamp. And as you go south into the Stateline area, maybe over to our Monument Draw area, you see a little bit gassier type oil contribution more consistent to a condensate play. But I'd say overall, what we're seeing, what we're bringing on from an oil standpoint is fairly consistent with our expectations.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. I appreciate that color, John. Maybe this one is for Clay. Clay, in your business improvement plan, there's a GP&T piece that you've kind of discussed here on this call. But when you look at your position, particularly in the Delaware, do you see any other opportunities to remove fixed cost on the gathering and transportation side maybe by buying in certain assets. And whether -- and do you think this could be maybe a good use of the Matterhorn proceeds?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I think it's a great question, and I'll go back to the comments around the earlier question about additional midstream actions. What I would say is, look, we're very objective about the value of midstream. And sometimes, it accrues to the positive for us to own those assets. Sometimes, it essentially has served its purpose and it makes sense to liquidate those and redeploy those proceeds into something else. With Matterhorn specifically, that's above and beyond. As Jeff mentioned on his prepared remarks, that is not part of our business optimization proceeds. Those are above and beyond goes straight to the balance sheet and then preserve that liquidity for future use. I would say other assets, maybe they become more valuable in someone else's hands. We continue to have those conversations remain objective about all of these midstream assets. And I would tell you at this point, it could go either way from us adding more interest in some of these assets. to liquidating as we've done with some of those. So, you've seen us kind of see the benefit from both sides of that, and we continue to explore all avenues to create incremental value for our shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from John Freeman with Raymond James. Please go ahead, John.
John Freeman: Thank you. I like the new presentation format that's in there. I was just looking at Slide 4, where you all sort of show that the reinvestment rates you've had the last couple of years have kind of hovered around 60%. And I know in 1Q you got down to 50%, but just based on your outlook for the rest of the year at, call it, $60 oil. It looks like it's implying end up with kind of a pretty similar kind of reinvestment rates what you've had the last couple of years, albeit at a more than $10 lower oil price. And I'm just trying to think about like going forward, like how important the reinvestment rate is when you all come up with budgets. There are some of your peers that kind of target a reinvestment rate to get to their budget. Just maybe if you can kind of speak to that.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, John, as you know, a lot goes into that, and it can move pretty dynamically with commodity price, with service costs. Obviously, as we're -- and John's team specifically, trying to drill the very best wells from the opportunities we have, just tweaks on completion design and productivity can also accrue to that as well. So, I think the reinvestment rate is a consideration, but it's not what we goal seek for on the overall budgeting. We keep an eye on that. We watch that. We certainly have an intended objective to stay in this range, but it's not necessarily the singular thing we're focused on when we're talking about capital allocation within the assets.
John Freeman: Understood. And then my follow-up question, you all highlighted during in the quarter for Q2, at least, that you're expecting $50 million of capital related to multiple land trades in the Delaware that's going to impact over 30 wells and just curious if that's like a renewed focus for the company? Or is this just sort of a one-off or a few things kind of dominate during this upcoming quarter?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, John, thanks for noting that. I mean this is awesome ground game work by the team. We hope to have more and more of this. This is a trade low-cost bolt-on acquisitions, really focused right ahead of the drill bit. So, think of this, we're trading out of something that may be a longer-dated development for us. We're trading into something that we know is right in front of us. We're ready to drill and that has an incredible value creation uplift for us. Now the challenge is in doing those trades, it also brings capital with it. And so, it's a great point to highlight the $100 million of savings that we're talking about moving from a midpoint of $3.9 million to a $3.8 million is additional to this $50 million that you pointed out from these trades. That's capital that was drug into this year for some great work that the teams have done. And then also remember, as we move faster, we continue to drill faster, complete faster, that would normally bring in additional capital. I would say, in years past, we've taken that -- we've kind of accrued that benefit through the production side. And so, without any mitigation steps, that $3.9 million would have moved to $4.0 million. And then with that extra $50 million, it would have been $4.50 billion. And so, what we're doing is we're moving from that point down to a midpoint of $3.8 million, it's really a change of about $250 million kind of point to point. And so, things like that, we will continue to do. We're not always going to be able to do that level of scale but remain very opportunistic. The team is doing a great job of looking for those trades. It brings back the dissolution of the BPX deal. That's $0 out the door, something we've been working on for a very long time, but accrues to a huge amount of value creation for the organization. We're looking for all of those things. And that could be in the form of midstream. It could be in the form of asset trades or a number of things. This is what the business optimization is really on the back of kind of where do we create value from all facets of the organization. And I can tell you, it's really empowering to the organization. There's a lot of excitement around the organization from North Dakota to South Texas in a singular goal really being focused, and we're seeing a lot of momentum from this.
Operator: The next question comes from Betty Jiang with Barclays. Betty, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Betty Jiang: Good morning, thank you, for taking my questions. I want to go back to the cost optimization. And maybe asked differently, that there are just many moving pieces that manifest in the financials. But it's clear that the benefit is going to accrue to a lower CapEx number Between the efficiency gains, the production optimization and maybe any leading-edge cost deflation that you're seeing in the market, how much could we see maintenance CapEx coming down over the next couple of years.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Let me start that and then I'll hand it over to Jeff to give you a little bit more color. One, I appreciate the acknowledgment of these many moving parts one of the things in Jeff's prepared remarks that he said, I just want to underscore once more, we could be entering a period of deflation, given rig drops in the macro environment. Those deflationary benefits that will accrue to free cash flow and accrue to our bottom line are not counted in this business optimization project. They will be in addition to. And so, our goal going forward on a quarterly basis will be an attempt to update the investors on this progress trying to separate all of the moving parts, commodity price and inflation, deflation and all these other things, but it's our commitment to you to make sure that you know this is above and beyond. We run this at a base mid-cycle price stack at the beginning of -- at the guidance we provided, the '25 base plan and then these other changes above and beyond that, one, we'll either fall into the business development or in the case of a deflationary benefit, that's separate and apart. Jeff, other comments?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Betty, I would try to put it as simply as this. We've got a base level 2025 baseline guide today of $3.8 billion. When you put together capital efficiency and some of the corporate capital costs that we've highlighted in our business optimization plan get down to a maintenance number closer to kind of $3 million, $4 million, $3 million, $4.5 million, right, as it relates to the go-forward maintenance capital for the company. That's when you fast forward to 2027, obviously, after we've done all this work and executed and delivered on these efficiencies. But that's the kind of number that we're looking at and driving towards as we execute on this business optimization work and ultimately expect all things being equal, right, when we fast forward to 2027, that would be the kind of maintenance capital profile that we'd look to be delivering on going forward. all this effort around our business optimization is focused on driving that breakeven that we talk about a lot lower in our business, right? And so, at the end of the day, that's got to manifest in a lower maintenance capital level for us going forward. And so that's how we're thinking about it.
Clay Gaspar: And one other thing I would just add to that, when you lower that breakeven and you're not drawing on that portfolio quite as hard, in effect, the side benefit is you extend that portfolio even further. So again, lots of business opportunities. We are very focused on this. As I said, the organization is really fired up. There's so many additional benefits that the people sitting around this table are not going to -- can't see today and can't even predict. And that's where I get most excited is what the -- when the organization just organically is wanting to be part of that embracing technology, driving efficiencies, accruing that to value either through production or lower cost structure, ultimately driving our maintenance capital down and as a side benefit continuing to benefit our portfolio and extend the runway on it.
Betty Jiang: Great. No, that's super helpful. I appreciate all that color. And I understand the cost, the service cost deflation is really incremental. Maybe on my follow-up, Clay, you mentioned earlier that you're not looking to take more aggressive action unless prices go to the low $50s. And just acknowledging the momentum that you're seeing across all the basins, Permian, you're doing really well on efficiencies, you go for with the dissolution of the JV. Like where which assets do you think has more flexibility to slow down? And I know it might be a more difficult question to answer right now, but would love to get some color on how you think about it.
Clay Gaspar: Well, Betty, I appreciate the question. I was -- I talked about the three lenses and how we think about how are we investing at what level do we invest? How do we allocate that capital amongst our businesses and I'll give you an interesting kind of parallel? So, in the Powder River Basin, it's some of the most challenging economics objectively. It's just earlier in its development. We're still working on driving down cost structure increasing the productivity and the consistency, which we're seeing a lot of wins. That operational momentum that we've generated over the last few years has been on the back of one rig. Okay? That is an area that probably even though it's the most challenging on the single well rate of return state-of-the-art today, probably has the most upside potential from value creation for continuing to invest in assessing and understanding and really leveraging that incredible footprint that we have. So, there's a little bit of resistance to hold back on that. I can tell you, when you get into the low $50s, everything is again on the table. We need to make sure that we're doing the right thing for the organization. Contrast that with our highest rate of return in the Delaware Basin, you've seen us actually lower and flex the operations on it because we have the ability. The scale delivers to drop rigs, take a little bit more of a slower pace on some of the frac holidays that we're going to be baking in, and that allows us to deliver incredible productivity for our crown jewel asset and do it in a paced way that extends that inventory even longer. So, it is a complicated answer. What I would say is we'll continue to evaluate. We have lots of options. We don't have -- from years in the past, we're thinking about other burdens that we might have experienced a decade ago around long-term rig contracts or minimum volume commitments on pipes or trying to hold lease positions together. We're not burdened by any of that. So, we have a tremendous amount of flexibility. We're very objective about this but we're also very thoughtful about the costs and the consequences to the operational improvements that we're making. And right now, we're really focused on driving the value through that lens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Kevin, please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Good morning, Clay. You kind of touched on this earlier, but just to confirm, you've lowered your average rig count in the Delaware from 14 to about 12% this year. Your turn-in-line count is still the same. Will that have any impact to your wells in progress at the end of the year or your ability to grow in 2026?
Clay Gaspar: We're very thoughtful about looking ahead to '26 and any actions we take in '25. Clearly, the spuds that we have for the balance of the year, essentially all of the value accrues to '26. So, to hit the question on the head, we are not sacrificing '26 productivity. We're doing this in a consistent approach. We're thinking about what maintenance capital looks like, continuing to invest in that. And when we were wind back, the graphic actually shows not too long ago, we were running 16 rigs. Beginning of the year, we were 14, and we expect to get to 11 rigs on the back of the same amount of productivity output. So that accrues in a few different ways. We're drilling faster, much more efficiently. We've got the efficiency of the lateral length, how much productive lateral length we have. And then also the productivity of the wells continue to accrue to the upside. Some of the great work that John's team is doing understanding that subsurface is highly valuable and critical and that's where we create a tremendous amount of value that's hard to put into a graphic form, but we're continuing to see the benefit there.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. I appreciate the clarification on that. And as a follow-up, as you look out on your portfolio, if oil prices continue to lag and gas stays strong, are there any areas where you would consider shifting activity towards or away from just given commodity mix?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. We're always taking that consideration. We're pretty agnostic on where we create value being Wish Basin, which commodity. And as the commodities move, you could even have inflation or deflation present in one basin relative to another. We certainly take all of that into account and regularly essentially on a monthly basis. look to how we make those adjustments. Again, with the thinking in mind that we don't want to chase false positives or yoyo the organization. Just in the last 24 months, we've seen all forms of commodity price front month, contango, backwardation, and we've refused to kind of chase the false positive. This feels a little different. There's a lot more stickiness. There's probably a compounding effect of the headwinds. And so, I would consider us on -- essentially on high alert in regards to where commodity price is heading. Again, you're starting to see a flat curve kind of reinforcing that this could be a little bit lower for longer. Again, we have the capabilities to step down activity, consider us on high alert at this point.
Operator: Our next question from Matthew Portillo with TPH. Please go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning, all. I just wanted to unpack your capital allocation, the Rockies a bit. Looking at the program this year, I think the plan calls for about 70 to 75 gross wells in the Bakken. And in our math, that would probably translate to around $650 million to $700 million of capital. I was curious if that's a good number to think about for your Bakken program in 2025. And if you've been able to make any additional cost outs on the program since taking over the Grayson asset.
John Raines: Yes, Matt, this is John. I think those numbers are still good. We're -- for total Rockies, we're targeting 80 to 90 wells. You're about right on what that's going to mean for the Williston Basin specifically. I'd say specific to Grayson, that integration continues to go great. We're continuing to see the synergies there, whether it be from refracs all the way to infrastructure and facilities. We've talked about a $600,000 a well synergy there, I think, since the beginning. I've got Tom Hellman sitting next to me. And I think it's a good opportunity for him to talk about some of the ongoing improvements that we've seen through the first quarter that might help you give a little bit better view of what's going on there.
Tom Hellman: Yes. Matthew, this is Tom. Drilling pace actually is up an additional 19% to the plan and drill costs are down now 15%. We also have completion costs down an additional 8%. And so, as John said, on a per well basis, we're talking about an additional $600,000 to the plan. And a lot of that's just really pushing the ROPs, working with T data and some real-time data, getting some record wells in the ground. And on the completion side, we've gone to full simul-frac and actually did a complete relook at the completion design, and we went to 100 mesh and self-sourcing that. So, there was substantial savings on the completion side as well.
Matthew Portillo: Great. And then as my follow-up, I think the program for the full year in the Rockies was about $1 billion. That seems to leave about $300 million for the powder on, call it, 15 to 20 wells. I was curious if you might be able to just help us understand what might be driving the elevated capital in the play this year? And is that potentially a lever you could pull down into 2026 to improve your corporate capital efficiency until the macro environment improves?
John Raines: Yes, Matt, I think my answer is going to be pretty consistent with what Clay talked about there. That powder program this year at roughly 15 wells is entirely focused on the Niobrara. And so, Clay talked about it being early innings in the play. Clay talked about there being significant upside in the play. And so, any kind of relative change in capital you've seen probably relates to that program being 100% focused on the Niobrara. And so, with that, our objectives are pretty clear. We've got a little bit of appraisal work that we're doing to see if we can improve the productivity of those wells. But suffice it to say, we're also working with our consistent program to drive down cost, and we've seen some really good benefits there. Obviously, what we see this year and as what Clay said on the macro, we'll have to look and see next year, but those are our strategic objectives at least for that program.
Clay Gaspar: And Matt, we're going to have to follow up with you. We're not getting the same math on a per well that you were kind of pointing to. So, we'll follow up with you after the call. I think roughly, we're about $12 million or so per well. That's on an 8/8 basis. That's down from 15 and we have a line of sight vision to 11 and below. My personal line of sight is below 10, just to let the teams know. And so, we'll continue to work that direction, but that's on the back of a lot of great work from the organization, continuing to drive efficiencies, record-setting wells. Tom, what's the latest?
Tom Hellman: $116 a foot.
Clay Gaspar: And what does that translate into days for a 3-mile well?
Tom Hellman: 9 or 10 days.
Clay Gaspar: 9-day or 10-day 3-mile wells in the Niobrara, right about that one. That one is -- that's pretty impressive. And again, more to come on that from a completion cost. It's a light infrastructure. We have very little localized infrastructure. So, we're doing things like investing in a sand mine so we can get our local cost down. We've built a recycled facility. So, we disposed of no water in the basin. All of that goes back to -- back into frac water for the wells. Some of that cost money upfront. I'm sure that some of that will be baked into these numbers you're talking about, but excited about where we go from here. And again, tremendous asset with lots of running room, continue to run that. But everything is on the table as we can move into a more distressed environment.
Operator: Those are all the questions we have time for today. And so, I'll turn the call back over to Rosy for closing remarks.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, and thank you for your participation in our call today and your interest in Devon. If you have additional questions, Chris and I are available, so please give us a call.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Rosy Zuklic, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued Devon Energy Corporation's fourth quarter earnings release and presentation materials. Throughout the call today, we will make references to these materials to support prepared remarks. The release and slides can be found in the Investors section of the Devon Energy Corporation website. Joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, President and Chief Executive Officer; Clay Gaspar, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, Chief Financial Officer; John Rains, SVP, Asset Management; Tom Hellman, SVP, EMP Operations; and Trello, SVP, Technology and Chief Technology Officer. As a reminder, this conference call will include forward-looking statements as defined under US securities laws. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forecast. Please refer to the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Rosy. Appreciate everyone taking the time to join us this morning. I'm very proud to report that Devon Energy Corporation ended 2024 with exceptionally strong results. Let's start with slide two. We had outstanding operational performance, which underpinned the robust financial outcomes and significant free cash flow generation. This success is a testament to the dedication and hard work of our entire team. We produced record volumes, delivered a 154% proved reserve replacement ratio, and made nice strides on continuing our resource assessment of our existing assets. We generated $3 billion of free cash flow, of which we returned $2 billion to our shareholders. Consistent with our strategic priority of delivering value to shareholders through a sustainable, annually growing fixed dividend, this month, our board approved an increase to $0.24 per share. This represents a 9% improvement over the 2024 rate. To fortify our managed portfolio even more, we executed the Williston Basin acquisition this past year, and it is performing quite nicely. Throughout the year, we've maintained financial strength, with ample liquidity and low leverage. We're well-positioned for the future. You'll hear more details from Clay and Jeff in a few moments. For me, it's been an honor to lead this company for the past four years, serving our shareholders, our board of directors, and our dedicated employees. Together, we've built a very strong company with a solid foundation for the future. I want to thank everyone for their trust and support. I look forward to watching the company's continued achievements under Clay's capable leadership and have complete confidence in him and his management team. I look forward to the many organic catalysts they will continue to create while remaining true to Devon Energy Corporation's values and remaining focused on its strategic priorities. With that, I'll now turn it over to Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick. Always appreciated your guidance, mentorship, and insight, and I'm truly grateful for your confidence. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide three, where I can cover the outstanding fourth quarter results. For the fifth quarter in a row, we have again beaten consensus and delivered outsized returns to our shareholders. First, fourth quarter oil production reached an all-time high of 398,000 barrels per day. Fourth quarter production outperformance was largely driven by the timing and productivity of our Eagle Ford wells. A second major contributor was from the acquired Grayson Mill assets, confirming how well that integration is going. The newly combined Rockies team is doing a fantastic job of learning from each other and creating additional value. From a capital perspective, we also had an outstanding quarter. This performance was primarily driven by the good work of the Delaware team. In addition, lower workover costs combined with higher volumes drove our per-unit expenses significantly lower, boosting our margins and free cash flow generation. Thanks to our strong operating performance, we generated $738 million in free cash flow, of which we returned $444 million to shareholders via our fixed dividend and share repurchase program. We strongly believe that Devon Energy Corporation presents a compelling investment opportunity, and thus we leaned into our share repurchase program this quarter, buying $300 million of Devon Energy Corporation stock. Additionally, we strengthened our financial position by building cash this quarter to about $850 million, up 25% from last quarter. Now let's turn to slide four to talk about some of the exciting news related to the Eagle Ford. On January 31st, Devon Energy Corporation and BPX signed an agreement to dissolve our partnership in the Blackhawk field. We expect to close on April 1st, at which time we will hold approximately 46,000 Blackhawk net acres with greater than 95% working interest in these assets, primarily in DeWitt County. This will be a high-quality, high-working interest, fully controlled, and concentrated position. After close, we will have approximately 700 undrilled locations remaining in the Eagle Ford, 550 of which will be in the Blackhawk field. This is nearly a decade of drilling inventory at the current pace. A key value driver for us to dissolve this JV was that we are confident that we can save more than $2 million in D&C costs per well with improved well design, supply chain, and application of operational technology from our other basins. The combination of this cost reduction and control of the go-forward development significantly enhances returns and provides a of our position. Now let's turn to slide five and talk about the updated and improved 2025 outlook. Moving forward, we remain committed to creating value for our shareholders with disciplined investment and growth on a per-share basis. You should also note that we're bumping our 2025 production and reducing our capital from the soft guide that we provided on the last call. We now expect to deliver 815,000 BOE per day, including 383,000 barrels of oil per day. For capital, we expect to invest $3.9 billion, or $200 million lower than the soft guidance we provided back in November. We expect these improvements to drive more than $300 million in additional free cash flow this year. As displayed on the right side of the slide, these numbers add up to very impressive capital efficiency as compared to our peers in this highly competitive industry. Turning to slide six, let's discuss the 2025 outlook from an asset perspective. The Delaware Basin will account for greater than 50% of our total investment for the year. We expect another year of strong performance and plan to operate 14 rigs and three completion crews while bringing online about 265 gross wells. As we have touched on in the past, we are leaning into a higher allocation of multi-zone projects as compared to historical levels, allowing us to balance rate of return, NPV, and inventory. Based on the success of 2024, we see tremendous benefits from the multi-zone developments by minimizing depletion effects between depleted dependent zones, feathering in de-risk secondary targets, and results that yield a more robust and sustainable inventory over time. An area that I've been extremely impressed with is our ability to continue to find ways to accelerate our operational efficiencies. In 2024, we saw about a 15% improvement in both our feet drilled and completed feet per day metrics. This operational efficiency drives higher well returns and free cash flow generation. For 2025, I expect this momentum to continue, and I'm excited to see additional value creation from this work. Shifting to the Rockies, we possess a unique combination of assets that can provide growth and free cash flow. Approximately three-fourths of the Rockies capital spend will be directed towards the Williston Basin. With the impressive results to date, strong progress on the integration, and a long inventory runway, most of the capital will be focused on the western part of the Williston Basin. We believe that this three-rig program balances flat production, impressive returns, and impressive inventory life. Since taking over the Grayson Mill asset, the organization has identified many opportunities to further enhance our investment. In just a few months since closing, we've already identified $50 million in capital and expense savings for the year, fully capturing our announced synergy target. We're not done and expect additional savings on operating expenses as well as capital savings. The early wins of $600,000 in savings per well on D&C cost tie back to the drilling and completion pace, supply chain wins, and leveraging operational improvements such as self-sourcing sand and simul-frac. In the Anadarko Basin, the past few years have benefited from the Dow JV, which was set to end mid-2025. With the success of this partnership, we have agreed to extend the JV for another 49 drilling locations for $40 million in drilling carry. Activity for the new agreement is planned to start in the second quarter of this year. Turning to slide seven, and before I hand the call off to Jeff, I want to address a common question that I've been asked since the leadership change was announced. And that is, what will be different for Devon Energy Corporation going forward? If I had to capture the transition in two words, it would be continuity and opportunity. As many of you know, Rick and I have worked together for over ten years and come from a similar background. Together, we built a strong foundation for Devon Energy Corporation, and we're both excited about the next chapter for this great company. Under continuity, I see continuing to focus on the following. First, Devon Energy Corporation's strategic priorities and values will continue to be central for the company. Second, operating excellence will remain foundational. In order to succeed in this industry, we must deliver on the fundamental aspects of how we convert resources to value. And third, we remain committed to delivering value to our shareholders and maintaining a fortress balance sheet. We will continue to deliver a sustainable, growing fixed dividend, as well as executing on our share repurchase program. As far as the opportunity, I see several needle-moving prospects. First, we will focus inward to further improve our capital efficiency and margin expansion. Second, we will enhance our base production and organically expand our deep inventory. Third, we will further embrace our value-creating technology across the company and promote innovative thinking from our outstanding employees. We are already working on several value-focused opportunities, and you'll hear more about them in the coming quarters. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. Moving now to slide eight to talk about our gas portfolio. With upward momentum in natural gas pricing, we see significant upside from our resource and wanted to highlight the value potential of our diverse portfolio. Although today our capital is largely allocated to oil projects driven by returns, the associated gas production and untapped natural gas resource underlying our acreage position provide a significant upside opportunity. As highlighted on the slide, we produce more than 1.3 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas, and with the move higher in pricing, natural gas revenue will more than double year over year. With the majority of gas production residing in the Delaware, our marketing team has done an exceptional job of diversifying our exposure to maximize value. Through a variety of arrangements, a large portion of our Delaware gas has access to Gulf Coast markets and pricing, driven by growing industrial and LNG demand. For the remaining Delaware production exposed to in-basin pricing, we've utilized regional basis swaps for protection. This strategy helps us mitigate risk and stabilize our revenue streams. In the Anadarko Basin, our gas has access to southeastern markets, which have recently traded at a premium to Henry Hub prices as more and more companies point their molecules to the Gulf Coast. We expect increased demand for our gas in the southeast as the need for power moves higher in this growing region of the country. And we're always looking for new demand outlets for our natural gas volumes. We have an experienced and innovative marketing team that is actively assessing LNG, power producer, and data center supply opportunities. We look forward to sharing specifics on these opportunities as they develop and firm up over the coming year. To summarize, while our primary focus remains on oil, our gas portfolio offers significant optionality and value. Our marketing and risk management efforts ensure that we're well-positioned to capitalize on growing demand and favorable market conditions. Turning to slide nine, as Clay said earlier, there's no change in our commitment to delivering value to shareholders and maintaining our financial strength. For 2025, we're targeting up to a 70% cash return payout to shareholders from generated free cash flow at current strip pricing. Our cash returns will be delivered via our growing fixed dividend and share repurchases. Effective in the first quarter, the quarterly dividend is increasing to $0.24, and we expect a cadence of about $200 million to $300 million a quarter for share repurchases throughout the year. The balance of our free cash flow will accrue to the balance sheet for further debt paydown as we aim to drive our net debt to EBITDA ratio below one times and build upon our investment-grade financial strength. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Rosy for Q&A.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks, Jeff. We ask that everyone limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. So, Emily, we are ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad. Our first question comes from Scott Hanold with RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Scott Hanold: Yeah. Thanks. Hey, guys. Strong quarter and, you know, Rick, congrats on the retirement and Clay on the promotion. You know, maybe I'm gonna start with, you know, the Grayson Mills seems like there's been some strong outperformance here, you know, over the last couple of quarters, and it seems like you've got a lot of focus on that asset here in 2025. Could you remind us of the inventory duration you see within the Grayson Mill asset and sort of, you know, how that compares with your sort of legacy, you know, box?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Scott. Thanks for the kind words. It's a great time for Devon Energy Corporation, and I know Rick and I are fully aligned on the best times are still yet ahead. Specifically, Grayson, I think this is an important acquisition for Devon Energy Corporation to just absolutely stick. You know, when I think back on our portfolio pre-Grayson, we had a hole in the portfolio. We were not shy about admitting that. We have a great Williston team. We're really excited about the brand that we had built within that Basin and what it could allow us to do, but, objectively, we were just short on inventory. Grayson really filled that inventory and, you know, secondarily, we needed to absolutely nail the execution. And so we've done that. We've seen costs come down. We've seen that productivity stay up. What we've guided the street towards is we're not gonna run at the same pace as the previous Grayson team. So we'll see that productivity, excuse me, the production and absolute rate come down a little bit over time. What we've seen from both the cost side and the productivity side is that base decline has flattened out. These productivity of these wells have continued to improve, and now what we're saying is this runway, that run rate that we are experiencing today is, we think, much more sustainable at the level we're at, and that runway continues to expand. There's more organic things to do, trades, you know, zero-cost opportunities to further expand that runway. But we're approaching close to a decade of opportunity in the Williston Basin now, including Grayson. So we're really excited about where that position fits in our portfolio.
Scott Hanold: Appreciate that. And to my follow-up question, it's gonna be on the Eagle Ford, you know, split with BPX. Could you give us a little bit of color on some of the background, you know, regarding that, you know, how did you all think about splitting the assets, and did you guys, I guess, look for more inventory versus PDP? Could you just tell us how that allocation back and forth went?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. It's interesting. I mean, I think this is a classic win-win. You know, when I summarize it and we display the map, when you think about the assets that BPX is gonna inherit and then the assets that we, objectively, they valued more of those assets, and we have valued more of the assets that we're gonna inherit. And so there was a natural accretion associated with this deal. I think above and beyond that, I think about our ability to control pace, to really direct the operations. And then, as I pointed out in the prepared remarks, we see material operational improvement. We've already displayed that. We've got, since we've taken over the rig, we have one well down. We have another well exactly on pace where we thought it should be. And that yields more than $2 million per well in value creation straight from the top on all of the remaining opportunities ahead, which obviously is a massive needle mover. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Neal, please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Thank you, guys. Again, Rick, just congrats on a stellar career, and I look forward to continuing to run the ship. And, guys, my first question really just a little bit was asked earlier. On the Bakken and, I guess, what you're calling the Rockies now specifically, Clay, I've noticed, you know, appropriately, you've stepped up the CapEx a little bit. I think you're saying around a billion with four rigs. And I'm just wondering, given your planned focus here on Grayson Mills and think the continued operation efficiencies, you know, do you anticipate potentially seeing more growth here later in the year, or is the plan just to kinda keep things stable? What ideally would you like to see here?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Good point on the Rockies versus the Williston and Powder. We've combined those. We think it simplifies the story. It really is interesting assets. So we've got the legacy Williston position. We have the Grayson Williston position. And then we have the legacy Powder position. And so, really, when we think about, you know, overall, Williston, excuse me, let's start with Grayson. When you think about Grayson, it's pretty gonna be pretty flat to where it's at now. We're gonna run three rigs there. We see efficiencies we were talking about, not just in the capital cost, but the timing associated with that. That certainly helps productivity. Yield really nice capital efficiency. When we flip down to the Powder and we started looking at that asset, you know, that was an interesting one. I think that one's, again, having more support of not needing that asset today allows that team to do a little bit more of the science work to really unlock that potential, and I think it has a tremendous part of our value as we think forward and where it fits in the portfolio in coming years.
Neal Dingmann: No. Well, that's love to hear it then. Forward to seeing what you're gonna do there. And then secondly, just on the Delaware operation specifically, you all continued. I think it's demonstrated how efficient the program continues to be there. I'm just wondering, what's noticeable is, you know, versus some maybe some others, is that your midstream infrastructure situation appears to continue to be very strong with no takeaway issues. And I'm just wondering, is this performance largely due to contract? Is it, you know, you I know you've got some good search shakers that you've taken care of in the past. I mean, what is, you know, again, been able to efficiently drive this premier takeaway.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Neal. This is Jeff. Yeah. You're exactly right. We've done a lot of work over the last couple of years. Our marketing team and the business unit collectively, they're working with our third-party providers on making sure that, you know, we've got the gathering, we've got the processing capacity that we need, and then ultimately, the takeaway as it relates to both the gas, NGLs, and oil. So that's been a really big team effort, you know, over the last couple of years. You go back two or three years ago, there were certainly some more challenges in the basin. Today, we feel really good about the position that we're in. Really don't see any roadblocks on that front. So feel really good about our ability to move the gas. I should mention this as well. Water is not a light issue that the team is, you know, combined, they've done a really great job to make sure that we've got the takeaway that we need for all those products and excited about, you know, the pricing improvement that we've seen, you know, just over the last six months in that basin.
Neal Dingmann: Again, congrats, guys. Great quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Good morning, team, and, Rick, congrats on an amazing 45-year career. And, Clay, congratulations to you. And Clay, maybe that's a good place to kick off. A couple of times in the prepared remarks, you talked about the organic opportunity set. Are we reading into your early strategies as you step into the CEO role to really pursue more of an organic versus an M&A focused strategy and that the optimal thing to be buying back here is your own stock versus incremental assets?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Neil. Thanks for the comments again. And I think you're reading that right. I just see real tremendous value creation kinda underfoot the portfolio we have today. And that can come in many different forms. I mean, small land trades that'll never make the earnings presentations to more material things like we just announced with BPX. Those are real massive value creation opportunities that are typically no cash out the door. In addition to that, we think about the technology application, you know, flattening the base decline on our business is a massive opportunity. And I can tell you that the teams that are working on things like artificial lift and really applying kind of real-time diagnostics to those opportunities is, again, hard to put and describe on a slide. But have the biggest value creation opportunities as we think about them, you know, the coming decade and beyond for the organization. So really excited about that. Objectively, look, we're always gonna stay close. We believe in consolidation. If there's a right opportunity for us, we'll remain open to that. But I think our primary focus is just making Devon Energy Corporation a heck of a lot better Devon Energy Corporation.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. It's very clear. And then Clay, just a follow-up on slide four in DeWitt, particularly in Eagle Ford. Can you just talk about why you think ultimately the partnership dissolution makes sense, how we should think about the uplift in value, and where does it ultimately come from? Is it from volumes? Is it from capital efficiency? And is it about how you ultimately prosecute this acreage?
Clay Gaspar: I would have to say first on the list as we run the waterfall and think about the value creation, there's no doubt about it. Saving $2 million plus per well off the top is roughly about $2 million in NPV per every single well out there. So that's a real opportunity for us and certainly is the headline approach for us. But controlling the pace is really valuable as we think about how quick these wells, we drill these wells in seven days. And so being able to control that when we need to, being able to back off when we have the opportunity to, you know, I know refracs aren't the hottest topic du jour, but I can tell you there is real material value, and as we see more and more value creation from this, what we call is magic rock, it continues to yield more and more opportunities, and that's what we're really excited about. But again, I'll reiterate, I think this is a mutual win-win. Sometimes you bring together these joint ventures and you see the opportunities there, are the same token. Opportunities can change, evaluations can change, technology can change, motivations can change. It can be time to disillusion. I mean, a similar analogy is, you know, selling midstream assets and buying midstream assets back in, you know, both can be right at the given time. I would say when I think about the BPX opportunity, this is the right move for them now, this is the right move for us now.
Neil Mehta: Correct.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, gentlemen. I was wondering if you could maybe highlight the strong sequential performance in the Eagle Ford. I think your volumes were up over 20% sequentially. The well count didn't seem like that was the driver. So maybe just help us understand, you know, kinda what drove that and thoughts on kinda sustaining that above 90 MBOE per day kinda figures as we think about, you know, 2025 because it was the key driver, I think, of the beat as you highlighted.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Arun. Thanks for the question. You know, I want to commend the team on the incredibly value-creating work around D&C efficiency. You know, that's where some of this starts and the compounding effect of just shaving off time on the drilling side on the completion side. We highlighted that in 2024, certainly seen some of those benefits there. I think as we move into the driver's seat on those operational efficiencies, I think it'll take a different pace and really add a whole different level of opportunity. Also from the production side, again, these wells, we continue to see incremental value creation even as we space these wells in what looks like fully developed DSUs can subsequently bring additional wells in, stimulate these, and this rock continues to produce and continue to give back to us. One thing I want to caution you on is we did bring on a significant amount of wells in the fourth quarter early in the quarter, and so there's a little bit of tailwind on that that's probably not fully we're able to replicate every quarter going forward. So I would caution you a little bit on extrapolating the fourth quarter runway, run rate. But certainly the operational momentum, the savvy, the hard work that the team's doing feel like we're about to grab another gear on, so hang on.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Great. Maybe a follow-up for Jeff. Jeff, if we do the math around call it $250 million of buybacks per quarter, maybe up to $300 million, you know, based on your $3 billion, you know, free cash flow number that you put in the deck, that would imply returning somewhere between 53% to 60% of your free cash flow. Understanding that, you know, you'll use buybacks, you know, maybe to be, you know, opportunistically. But is it the intention to maybe return a little bit or to focus a little bit on the balance sheet versus cash return in 2025? Just going through the math around that.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Arun. You know, actually, it's one of the things we're talking a lot about with the internal focus that Clay's described this morning. You know, really, that's all a function of us driving our breakevens lower. And so what we're really about is, obviously, that makes it that much easier for us to sustain and grow our fixed dividend. And it also allows us to reevaluate that share repurchase, you know, range that we've laid out, the $200 million to $300 million. So as we work our way through the year, as Clay just mentioned, we catch another gear and we start to see these efficiencies continue to build into our numbers, I think that we'll like. Now that being said, we do have a $2.5 billion debt reduction target that we've laid out there, you know, last year. We've already hit $500 million of that last quarter with the maturities that came due in 2024. We'll have another $500 million this year of maturities, and then we've got our $1 billion term loan coming due next year, and so we'll have ample opportunities to pay down debt, and we agree with you with the cash flow, the free cash flow projection that we're looking at today. The efficiencies that we're seeing worked their way into the numbers. I think there's upside on our ability on the cash returns to shareholders, specifically on the share repurchases.
Rick Muncrief: Arun, I wanted to wish you the best as you approach retirement. I've enjoyed all the war stories with you over the years, and hearing about how the industry has evolved, and Clay, it's also great to see you in the CEO seat. Remember our time together as we used to follow Anadarko. But best wishes to both of you.
Arun Jayaram: Arun, thank you very much for your kind comments. Both of us. And best wishes to you in the future as well, buddy.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning. Morning. Can I just understand that when you did dissolve the JV with BP, you're saying that you're going to save the cost by about $2 million per well. And from a design standpoint, I mean, as a JV, you are the partner? And is that in the maybe bottleneck or hurdle that to disallow you to achieve those savings? So all along, I'm trying to understand that. I mean, explain that how that why just dissolving it all of a sudden that we would be able to see the $2 million saving. The second question is on the Delaware. I think last year that you did about 230 wells. And then before that, like, 200, a little bit less than 240 wells. So you're now doing 250 to 270. What we think that as a result, your production for 2025 maybe is going to be higher than what we suggest in the guidance. I mean, can you tell us that the cadence on the well coming on stream? Is it the we need more towards the end of the year? That's why we're not seeing the full benefit this year or that because it's the multi-zone and then you're looking at a lot of the secondary branches. So as a result, that the production on those wells may be somewhat lower even though the return is good. Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Paul. Let me start with the first question, the BPX D&C JV. So this JV was pretty unique. BPX handled the drilling and the completions, and then Devon Energy Corporation handled the facility's design and the production. So there was a pretty good split. Now we certainly tried to work with each other. We had different views on how to approach spacing design, well design, rack design, lots of different things, and, you know, sometimes we're able to come together and sometimes we weren't. The advantage that we have and the reason I'm so confident in these numbers is after the Valerus deal, that gave us the real opportunity to do our own D&C, run our own rigs, and really compare side by side. And sometimes, we're seeing opportunities next door, side by side, DSUs. And so we've been able to extrapolate that, understand what it means to us, and this was a significant motivation for us. As I said, we've already got our hands on the wheel. We're seeing that improvement come through, and we feel very, very confident in being able to achieve what I said was greater than $2 million. In addition to that, the amount of control that we'll have, our ability to dial up, dial down activity as we need to, I think is a huge value creator as well. So really excited about that. And again, we're really, really pleased. This has been a long conversation that we've had, and finally, the stars have aligned where both sides could feel really good about doing this. Your second question was to the Delaware, and I think the heart of the question is really seems like productivity on a per gross well basis is down. What I want to caution you is there's a little bit of a difference in working interest. So last year, on average, 2024, we're about 80% working interest on average, 2025 about 73%. Don't see this as a trend. Don't extrapolate those numbers. That's just the way that the wells kind of fell to us. We've got a smattering of different working interests in the area. And it actually kind of alternates eighties and seventies, even down to sixties in one or high sixties in one quarter. But that's just the way these big pads come in, and they can really influence the overall average for that quarter. So anyway, just want to make sure you're aware that it's not a productivity issue. As we think about the incredible productivity we displayed in 2024, we think 2025 is gonna be like for like, Wolfcamp A's, Wolfcamp A's, Cotton Draw to Cotton Draw, equally productive. Now we did caution in the prepared remarks that we have a slightly different well mix. We're digging in deeper into some of the Wolfcamp B zones. We truly believe is the right value creation strategy for the organization and for the shareholders, which does provide a different mix. Sometimes that's in working interest. Sometimes that's in GOR. But all of that's baked into our guidance. So thank you very much for the question, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggett with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Clay Gaspar: That's the easiest question I've ever had from Doug Leggett. So we can move on to the next.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Moving on, our next question comes from Roger Read. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Oh, well, Doug's loss is my gain. Good morning, everybody. Or maybe tomorrow. Anyway, quick congrats to you, Rick. And, Clay, we look forward to working with you going forward. So these transitions are always beat, but be entertaining nonetheless. I just really wanted to follow-up on kinda one key question, Eagle Ford. You mentioned the refracs, you know, maybe not the most interesting or exciting, but we're hearing more and more about it. Where do you think you are in terms of working on some of the refracs and how you think about that from a returns that are an impact basis relative to, you know, just a baseline operations?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Roger, let me be clear. We are very pro-refrac. I think the market just doesn't have a whole lot of excitement around it. So that's fine. We don't need to talk about it a whole lot, but know that we've got a huge inventory of opportunities ahead. And we have done a tremendous amount of work in that space, more than 40 in the Eagle Ford, more than 40 in Williston, and really have a good understanding of what works, what's the right recipe, and how it fits in. The interesting thing with this dissolution of our joint venture is those refracs actually move down in our priority list because the well productivity and the well value creation has moved significantly up. So you'll probably see a little bit slower cadence of refracs, but know that we're just as confident as we were. We see tremendous value creation from those and remaining upside. Again, this kind of falls into that organic value creation. You know, extracting more from the resources that we already have underfoot is the name of the game. And the beauty of those refracs, just to tout that just a little bit, is the full cycle cost and economics of those refracs is exactly the half cycle cost. Because the primary well is already underwritten the entry cost of that land. So when you're really thinking about it on a full cycle like-for-like basis, these refracs are tremendously valuable. And I think there's more to come on, you know, thinking about how we do artificial lift strategy, how do we apply technology to continue to think about that, flatten those base declines, improve those recovery factors, you know, we're still an overall, you know, 10% plus or minus recovery factor on these resource plays, feathers tremendous value creation from the incredible position that we have. No accident we're in these five particular basins, very prolific, lots of zones, uphole and downhole from where we sit. And by the way, lots of oil remaining in those zones that we're already producing from. So really excited about that, and you'll hear more about that in coming quarters.
Roger Read: Appreciate that. Just a quick follow-up. Trump tariffs impacts on some of the materials that are used in wells. How is that reflected in your CapEx guidance? Or, you know, is there a plus-minus we should be paying attention to there?
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, Roger. That obviously has been flying around on tariffs, and your guess is as good as mine as to when those will land and what will be the go-forward game plan. But we have done some work with our supply chain team to try to understand, you know, what that could look like, what the impact would be. You know, frankly, as we've done the rough math, which I would describe as pretty aggressive, kind of assuming that the tariffs were in place today, all the tariffs that have been talked about are in place today and carried forward into the future. We view it as less than a 2% impact on our overall capital program for the year. So really don't see it as a big impact at this point in time, and now that being said, we'll watch with everybody else the news and see what ultimately gets decided. But feel pretty good that it's gonna have a minor impact on us at this point.
Roger Read: Yeah. Well, given the uncertainty, you can understand why I asked you the question instead of coming up with an answer on my own. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah. We appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Kevin McCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Kevin, please go ahead.
Kevin McCurdy: Hey. First, I wanted to say to Rick that we'll miss you on these calls. And, you know, I personally appreciate all the answers you've given me over the years at Devon Energy Corporation and WPX before that.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Kevin.
Kevin McCurdy: Only one question for me. I wanted to ask what changed on your 2025 capital plan over the last several months that you were able to lower your guidance? Was it mostly just a reduction in Permian and Eagle Ford well costs or, you know, any specifics that you can give us on basin details would help.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Thanks for that question, Kevin. I mean, there's a lot of things at work. We're always pushing the teams. We're encouraging. We're making sure that we capture those realized gains. You know, as we provide a soft guide in November and then continue to hone that, you know, there's a few things that we felt very confident in at this point that we weren't as confident in capturing back in November. And, you know, top of that list is certainly the gains in the Williston. You know, the $600,000 per well is a material improvement that we didn't have fully grasped at the time of the last call. And then second is this BPX dissolution. You know, certainly, that is a huge needle mover for us. Now across the board, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the operational efficiencies that we gained in 2024, we expect continued tailwind momentum on that. But we have not baked in any additional deflation or contract terms that we don't already have in place today. Basically, from an inflationary, deflationary standpoint, we assume a little bit of, essentially, status quo, and we are pretty at least betting on the margin, we have equal chance of going up or down at this point. Feel really good about where we stand for our 2025 guide.
Kevin McCurdy: Thank you for the answer. And sorry if I cut you off earlier, Rick.
Rick Muncrief: No, Kevin. My only point was I've enjoyed working with you and a lot of your peers and colleagues here. It's just been a pleasure. And the change in our industry is just phenomenal. It really is. And people are so best in the world, and I'm really proud of what we have done these last four years post-merger here at Devon Energy Corporation. We have built a just a forklift of a company, and so proud of the people here and the assets we have.
Kevin McCurdy: Take care.
Operator: The next question comes from John Freeman with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
John Freeman: Good morning. And, yeah, just echoing prior congratulations both to you, Rick, and Clay. All the best. The first topic for me, just, obviously, we've seen a dramatic improvement in natural gas prices. Jeff, you did a good job showing on slide eight kinda y'all's improved, you know, all the options you've got on the marketing side, dramatically better realizations on the gas side, and I can appreciate the fact that months go into coming up with, like, a 2025 plan. But I'm just curious, having, like, a diversified asset base like y'all do, if, you know, there's any potential flexibility in the program, if, you know, gas prices remain strong, maybe improve further from here, if there'd be any potential kind of shift in the plan to certain assets that potentially benefit more from the really robust gas price strip we're looking at right now.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, John. This is Jeff. Yeah. Thanks for those comments. And, you know, it's absolutely something that we'll monitor and be mindful of, but frankly, as we've done the analysis for a number of years, when we look across each of our different basins, they're all focused on that oil production and the high, you know, outcome that we get from producing the oil. So most of the gas upside, as we highlighted on the slide, we think will come from our associated gas. But there's a significant amount of additional resource, you know, underfoot in each of those basins that we could go prosecute in the future as we see continued momentum around pricing. So we feel really good about the position we have. We think it's one of the benefits of the multi-basin portfolio. It just gives you a lot of shots on goal and opportunities that a lot of other companies frankly just don't have. And again, I just want to thank the marketing team for doing such a great job of, you know, getting those molecules to market where we see the highest demand and the best opportunity to get the highest realized price.
John Freeman: Thanks. And then just one quick one for me. The 2025 plan, the 22 rigs, how many frac crews does that assume? I was just looking relative to six y'all ran in 4Q.
Clay Gaspar: Three consistent crews in the Delaware. We may top that with a spot crew here and there. And then about two to three other frac crews depending on how you count them during the time. But yeah. So I call it ballpark six.
John Freeman: Got it. Thanks, Corey. Appreciate it.
Clay Gaspar: You bet, John.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggett with Wolfe Research. Doug, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggett: Hey, guys. Apologize for the problems earlier, but I wanted to make sure I'm traveling currently. Wanted to make sure I got a chance to come on and wish Rick well. Rick has been a pleasure, and amazing to watch what all the changes have taken place. I wish you well. And, Clay, look forward to seeing you in the seat. But I do have a question for Clay and for Jeff, if I may. And as, predictable as always, one of them is to do with the balance sheet. So let me start there, Jeff, if that's okay. When we talk about inventory depths with Devon Energy Corporation, you know, we've talked about, you know, ten years at sixty and maybe higher that eighty and so on, you guys have given us out before. And if I think about, well, that basically means if you've got a less than three percent dividend, you need, you know, thirty-three years to get your money back, and you're telling us you've got ten to twenty years of inventory. So I guess my question is, how do you stack the importance of the dividend, the buyback, and the balance sheet when you think about free cash flow, because you still have twenty-five percent of your capital structure is debt. And ultimately that amplifies your equity volatility, you know, depending on what comes with the commodity. So I guess my question is why not target balance sheet before you allocate two billion dollars to the buyback. That's my first question. My second question, if I may, is to follow-up on John's, actually. And, Clay, I don't know if you wanna get into this in any detail, but I mean, gas markets are obviously changing in the US. It's, you know, it's been a year. We've held for some time, and you have a lot of optionality to be more than, you know, than talk about, you know, second-order derivative gas exposure, you could actually go direct. And for example, rather than just expand the DAO, back to more direct spending in some of your gas plays. I'm just curious what it would take for you to do that for those to be competitive versus your latest targets. And I'll leave it there. But thanks again, and congrats, Rick.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. I appreciate the question as always. And I'm probably gonna sound like a broken record here because we talk about this every quarter with you, but, you know, for us, it continues to be all of the above. We think that the fixed dividend, the share repurchase program, which obviously drive our cash returns to shareholders, is absolutely table stakes. And the balance sheet, well, you know, without question is a priority for us. You see from the framework that we lay out, you know, the first thirty percent of our free cash flow goes right back to the balance sheet. So I think that underscores, you know, our priority for, you know, maintaining that strong investment-grade, you know, position that we have today. And you've seen us execute on that for a number of quarters now. On top of that though, again, you know, what we've seen in the market, what we continue to hear from our shareholders, is that the cash returns are important. Folks like the growing fixed dividend, and then we supplement that with the share repurchase program. So when you put it all together, we feel really good about the value proposition that we're delivering and plan to execute on that, you know, well into the future. I'll flip it over to Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Doug. That sounds like the Doug we know. I was thinking we might be getting a pass on an easy, non-hard question from you.
Doug Leggett: Yeah. So let me start with you. You mentioned we got a big company. I perform on, you know, Claire. We got to ask the hard ones.
Clay Gaspar: Hey, man. I'm all for it. I'll take that every day. Yeah. You bet. So let me go back to the ten years of de-risked inventory that we've talked about. You've acknowledged Inveris, and others acknowledge third party. Please don't mistake that as we're in a blowdown mode, and, you know, the fifty-three-year-old company is gonna live to be sixty-three and then we shut the whole thing down. There's no intention of that. We certainly plan to rejuvenate the inventory, continue to do some hard work to continue to be creative and extend the runway, you know, for decades out into the future. Now that's hard work to do. I've talked about some of the organic things that we have, you know, in hand today that we really think provides incredible value, but this company has been built on hard work and hard decisions, as I mentioned, for fifty-three years. So second, let me shift to your second question on that. And you talked about the gas inventory. As Jeff mentioned, we do have a very substantial amount of gas inventory specifically in the Anadarko Basin and in the Delaware Basin. We love to test our portfolio. We've got a really cool black box model that you can put in whatever kind of scenario you want. And it tells you ideally this is how you should prosecute the opportunities that you have. And so we love to test that. We tested, I think, every oil and gas price combination you can think of, and what it keeps telling us is that even in the foreseeable future, the gas prices we're seeing today and even in the upside cases that we've run, it continues to point to our robust returns related to our oil processes, our oil opportunities. And so that is where our dollars are really being directed, but please know that we continue to keep our eyes wide open to those opportunities. And absolutely, there'll come a time when the call for gas is strong enough relative to oil, and we'll be ready because we've got some really good inventory in our portfolio today.
Doug Leggett: It's very clear, guys. We've you in a couple of weeks, Clay. Thanks so much for that.
Clay Gaspar: Sounds great, Doug.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Portillo with TPH. Please go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning all, and I as well wanted to pass along congratulations to Rick and Clay in the new role. Maybe just a follow-up there, Clay, on the Anadarko. Been a while since we refreshed our thoughts on inventory depth in the basin. Just curious if you might be able to give us some context around how you think about inventory, especially in the context of higher natural gas and NGL prices, as you mentioned, progressing that program through the course of 2025 and beyond.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Matt. You know, we have needed the partnership in DAO to really promote the economics of the opportunities that we've had so that they can viably compete in the portfolio relative to the other opportunities. And we think even in today's commodity price, that that's the right move going forward, displayed by our extension of the JV that we have with Dow. Now the team continues to look creatively, as I mentioned, up and down the whole thinking about the rest of the basin, the opportunities there, expand our footprint, very methodically, that we've done very well on that. And there will be a time when those opportunities really are on the more of the forefront. For now, we'll quietly keep working in the Anadarko Basin. We'll leverage resources like this financial arrangement so that we can make sure that we're being very prudent with the investor dollars and making sure that we are delivering the returns that we are expected to deliver in the organization that we have and competitively with the high-quality portfolio that we have in the other basins.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then maybe just a follow-up question on the Permian. You mentioned obviously chasing the Wolfcamp B in a bigger program for 2025. I was curious if you could maybe provide some context around how much that program made up in 2024, how you're thinking about it in 2025, and then I guess for the Permian as a whole, how should we be thinking about the oil cut? I think you've been averaging around, you know, forty-six, forty-seven percent through the course of the end of last year. Should that mix shift change dramatically, or should we expect that to be pretty constant going forward?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Matt. Great question. Love talking to the Delaware Basin. That's our crown jewel asset, and, you know, the team there is doing some very incredible work creating value. You know, Jeff mentioned earlier some of the work that the marketing team did in ensuring that we had takeaway capacity, you know, that's over the course of years that that kind of investment and relationships that we have to lean on to make sure that that happens. Last year, we talked about digging deeper into the Wolfcamp B, really testing how best to prosecute those opportunities. Should we develop them now? Should we stay later with them? And so I'll let John Rains talk a little bit about, since he was leading the team at the time, talk a little bit more about what we learned in 2024 and how we're applying that to 2025.
John Rains: Yeah, Matt. Thanks for the question. As Clay said earlier, we're diving in more to these multi-zone developments, and through appraisal, we've gotten a lot more comfortable with the Wolfcamp B, and so we continue to lean in. We feel like this is the right development philosophy for us in the Delaware Basin. So when you think Wolfcamp B from 2024 and 2025, I think your question was around allocation. And so we're moving from about ten percent of our total program in 2024 up to about thirty percent in 2025 that will co-develop with Wolfcamp A. And I think your second question, if I heard you correctly, was around oil mix. Oil mix is gonna be pretty consistent. The Delaware Basin year over year, I think, for somewhere around forty-seven percent last year and maybe slightly below that, but really consistent year over year.
Matthew Portillo: Thanks, all.
Operator: The next question comes from John Davenport with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead. John, your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
John Davenport: Another one of those hard wagamoy kinda side.
Clay Gaspar: Hello?
John Davenport: Oh, there we go. My question's been answered, but thank you, guys.
Operator: Alright. Thank you, John. The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotia. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Just a real quick follow-up. Okay. For the CapEx spending, do you have a cadence and also the number of wells coming on stream? Do you have a cadence that how it's going to look for the year? Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Paul, tell me again which basin were you talking about there? The Cadence?
Paul Cheng: In that actually, on all of them, in general, that I mean, I think that you guys do you expect that it's going to be period prorated throughout the year? Because your production outlook seems like that's what you suggest. But in terms of actual spending and also the number of wells that you're going to come on stream, is there anything that we should be aware that is not really prorated?
Jeff Ritenour: No, Paul. I would say as a general statement, the, you know, the IDs as they work their way through the year, and this is on a gross basis, are generally pretty consistent. You know, the capital actually were we think it could trend down as we work our way through the year. First quarter is likely gonna be the highest CapEx quarter for us. And you'll see that trend down over time.
Paul Cheng: Okay. We do. Thank you.
Rosy Zuklic: So we have reached the conclusion of our call. So thank you, everyone, for your interest in Devon Energy Corporation. And if you have any further questions, please reach out to Chris or myself.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Rosy Zuklic, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued Devon's third quarter earnings release and presentation materials. Throughout the call today, we will make references to these materials to support prepared remarks. The release and slides can be found in the Investors section of the Devon website. Starting this quarter, we are providing slides specific to the earnings call discussion. In a week or two, we will publish a more comprehensive deck that will include slides that were previously provided. Joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, President and Chief Executive Officer; Clay Gaspar, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of management. As a reminder, this conference call will include forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. securities laws. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forecast. Please refer to the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Rosy. I appreciate everyone taking time to join us this morning. Let's begin on Slide 2 by covering a few of our third quarter key highlights. Once again, we delivered strong operational and financial results, driven by the continued focus on executing our strategic plan. We reached an all-time quarterly record of total production averaging 728,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 335,000 barrels of oil per day. Our production has surpassed guidance expectations every quarter this year. In the Delaware Basin, well productivity was strong once again this period. And across all five basins, we delivered another solid base production performance. On a production per share basis, this represents a 12% year-over-year growth. With the operational performance in our recently closed acquisition, we're pleased to be able to raise our full year production guidance again for this year. We now expect to produce about 730,000 BOE per day for 2024, an increase of 12% to this year's budget. This phenomenal performance enabled us to generate $786 million of free cash flow in the third quarter and return $431 million of it back to shareholders. We leaned in heavier on our share repurchase program, and we continue to think reinvesting in our company at today's prices is the right thing to do for shareholders. We also closed the Grayson Mill transaction very quickly. This acquisition enhances our position as one of the largest producers in the U.S., with average daily oil rates estimated at around 380,000 barrels per day. In the Williston Basin, our production will nearly triple, and we have extended our resource depth, giving us about 10 years of inventory at current activity levels. We successfully accomplished these things during a very volatile market backdrop. We remain focused on the things we could control. With our high-quality portfolio, strong balance sheet and disciplined business model, we are positioned to succeed through a variety of commodity cycles. We don't have a crystal ball to know where commodity prices will be in the short term, but continue to be very constructive on oil and gas and believe that the world will continue to need all forms of energy. Now moving on to Slide 3 to talk about where we will focus in 2025 to successfully continue to execute our strategy. We remain committed to operating excellence and will continue to look for innovative ways to improve our capital efficiency. We believe our multi-basin portfolio in the top U.S. resource plays is superior to most and provides us with over a decade of low-risk development inventory. We will continue to look for opportunities to further enhance our portfolio and grow our resource base. To succeed in our business, we need to maintain our financial strength and flexibility. We will remain disciplined in our approach to maximize free cash flow and are committed to having low leverage. And we're focused on delivering value to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Now 2025 is shaping up to be an exceptionally strong year for Devon. With the Grayson acquisition, we are well positioned to deliver healthy growth in oil and expect robust free cash flow, even in a lower commodity environment. Our legacy portfolio in key U.S. basins will provide a solid foundation for us to continue the momentum that we have demonstrated so far this year. As a result, Jeff will be providing preliminary 2025 guidance that is actually better than we had previously communicated. Now before I hand the call over to Clay, I want to thank all of the Devon employees and contractors who challenge themselves daily to come up with innovative ways to create value for our company. I also want to thank the team working on the integration of Grayson Mill. I'm excited to see the results from teams sharing best practices. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 4. Devon's third quarter performance reflects exceptional operational execution across the board. The third quarter performance is a continuation of outstanding quarterly results and a product of our focused approach to operational excellence. The organization continued to build on the win that we've captured in the first half of the year, positioning us to round out 2024 with very strong momentum. These results tie back to three key factors: our premier asset portfolio, a talented and value-focused organization; and third, a disciplined capital program designed to optimize returns throughout the cycle. Each of these elements combined to contribute excellent well productivity, improved cycle times and better base production results across our diversified portfolio. I'm confident we will continue to build on these accomplishments into '25 and beyond. Moving to Slide 5. The Delaware Basin was the primary contributor this quarter to our earnings, with approximately 60% of the capital allocated to this basin. This investment led to record basin-level production volumes of 488,000 BOE per day, representing a 6% growth rate compared to the previous quarter. The volume growth was fueled by 55 new wells primarily targeting the Wolfcamp formation, with a subset of Bone Spring and Avalon wells included in the mix. Collectively, these projects exceeded expectations, achieving average 30-day rates of more than 3,100 BOE per day per well. On the map to the left, we highlighted one of the primary contributors from this quarter, the CBR 12-1 development. This project co-developed the Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp B and shallower zones in the Bone Spring. In total, the Stateline area development targeted six different landing zones. We brought these wells online during the second and third quarters, successfully managing any localized facility constraints. The 30-day rates from this 21-well package averaged 3,300 BOE per day per well, and estimated recoveries exceed 2 million BOE per well. The CBR 12-1 has provided additional insights that have helped us further advance our resource development strategy. As we continue to balance the triple mandate of returns, NPV and inventory, 12-1 gives us additional confidence of this winning strategy. Our team continues to derisk multiple secondary targets across our core development areas in the Delaware Basin. The great work that the team is doing in balancing the near-term performance with the long-term inventory considerations confirms our confidence in a multiyear runway of outstanding performance from the Delaware Basin. Turning to Slide 6. We've seen our Delaware Basin well productivity outpace previous year by an impressive 20%. This is evidenced by the robust production growth and superior well results achieved to date. As shown on the right-hand side of the slide, we also continue to realize meaningful operational efficiencies, notably the broader adoption of simul-frac across the Delaware Basin activity has been a key driver, enhancing completion efficiencies by 12% year-to-date and consequently increasing our days online. From a drilling perspective, our teams are continually finding ways to optimize our rig fleet and improve operations to enhance capital efficiency. These efforts have yielded tangible results, evidenced by a reduction in drilling days and a 14% improvement in drilling efficiencies in 2024 compared to the previous year. Efficiency gains have allowed us to reduce drilling activity from 16 rigs to 15 rigs this quarter. We plan to drop an additional rig in the first quarter as a result of these efficiencies. At the current pace, we expect to duplicate 2024 16-rig output with 14 rigs in 2025. This impressive efficiency performance is a result of a focus on operational output, without taking our eye off the imperative of doing things the right way. Alongside these incredible efficiency improvements, our safety and environmental metrics have also moved in a very positive direction year-over-year. Let's now shift to the Williston Basin on Slide 7. We closed on the Grayson Mill transaction in late September. I'm pleased to report that the integration is progressing quite well, and I would add that it is our best integration to date. The teams on both sides have jumped in and are excited about the opportunity to learn, challenge and improve existing processes. We're currently operating in three rigs in the Williston Basin and plan to roughly maintain this level of activity going forward. In the fourth quarter, production from the acquired assets is expected to slightly exceed our initial expectations, and we plan on investing approximately $150 million of capital in the new assets. For 2025, we aim to sustain the acquired assets at approximately 100,000 BOE per day. Our capital plan will feature 2- and 3-mile laterals and tactical refracs to supplement the base production. Enhanced scale in the basin will drive additional capital efficiencies, operational improvements and marketing synergies. The acquisition also adds 500 undrilled locations, further enhancing Devon's free cash flow profile for many years to come. I'll now hand it over to Jeff to go over the financials for the quarter.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. Starting on Slide 8, highlighting our third quarter financial performance. Devon's core earnings totaled $683 million or $1.10 per share. EBITDA was $1.9 billion, and we generated operating cash flow of $1.7 billion, each exceeding consensus estimates. After funding our capital requirements, we generated $786 million in free cash flow for the quarter, a significant improvement over the previous period. Our cash flow generation was underpinned by oil and total production that exceeded the top end of our guidance due to the excellent operating performance highlighted by Clay earlier. Production cost improving 7% from the prior period, driven by less downtime, resulting in lower workover expense, and finally, a lower cash tax rate, primarily a result of accelerated tax depreciation due to the Grayson Mill acquisition. Our solid financial performance enabled another quarter of strong cash returns for shareholders. During the quarter, we distributed $431 million to shareholders through fixed dividends and buybacks. We spent $295 million on share repurchases, bringing our program total spend to just over $3 billion. We elected not to pay a variable dividend this quarter. The variable dividend will remain a tool within our cash return framework, but in the near term, we expect to deliver cash returns to shareholders through our fixed dividend and share repurchase program. Foregoing the variable enabled us to reduce net leverage in pursuit of our $2.5 billion debt reduction target. We expect to utilize cash on hand and a portion of free cash flow generated each quarter to pay down the $1 billion term loan we put in place for the Grayson Mill acquisition. As highlighted on Slide 9, we exited the quarter with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of just over 1x and strong liquidity between our cash balance and undrawn credit facility. We've already retired $472 million of outstanding senior notes this year and have additional opportunities to further reduce our leverage with upcoming maturities, the pay down of our term loan and outstanding callable debt. Moving to Slide 10 and looking ahead to 2025, we expect another year of strong performance with total production forecasted to average around 800,000 BOEs per day. This production outlook is nearly 5% higher than what we communicated just a few months ago when we announced the Grayson Mill acquisition. Also, with the benefit of Grayson Mill and the operational momentum we established in 2024, we expect record oil volumes in 2025, averaging around 380,000 barrels per day. On the capital front, we anticipate spending to be between $4 billion and $4.2 billion for the year. Importantly, with this disciplined plan, we are well positioned to generate robust free cash flow at today's prices and offer a free cash flow yield that exceeds the broader market. Moving forward with the allocation of our free cash flow, we believe our financial framework provides us the necessary flexibility to deliver market-leading cash returns for our shareholders and achieve our debt reduction goals. We will continue targeting up to 70% of our free cash flow as a cash payout for shareholders and make progress on our $2.5 billion debt reduction program. We expect share repurchases in the range of $200 million to $300 million each quarter and we'll retain free cash flow beyond our share repurchases on the balance sheet to reduce our net leverage. We'll provide complete 2025 guidance on our February call after we finalize our budget with our Board. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Rosy for Q&A.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Jeff. We'll now open the call to questions. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Emily, we are ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Arun, please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: I was wondering if you could highlight some of the drivers of the uptick in well productivity in the Delaware Basin? I know you shifted some activity from Monument Draw back to Southeast New Mexico. And maybe -- love to get more details on that. And what you're underwriting in terms of well productivity as we think about your 2025 plan?
Clay Gaspar: Arun, it's Clay. Thanks for the question. First, let me reiterate, the '25 plan is still a soft guide. I'd like to note that this soft guide is a little better than the last soft guide. So, we're continuing to improve our soft guide towards the February more constructive guide. But let me tell you a little bit about what we have baked in. There's an assumption on the cost side of the equation relative to where we're at, stamping time today. There's obviously a lot of macro in the air, so we haven't assumed presumptively additional deflation or other significant moves in the system. Back to your question on the productivity, we've also assumed on a risk basis, the wells that we have in place, we probably haven't fully baked in some of the upside that we've seen in regards to some of the breakthroughs we've had around well placement, combined with completion design, combined with the sequencing. nd I think that's where we really continue to outperform and really had some great breakthroughs. As we feather in some of these other more secondary type zones, you're building in a multi development strategy. And sometimes, those wells, while economic, can be dilutive to the overall picture. What we've seen is with the right techniques going in, we're continuing to see some really phenomenal results from these deeper and some shallower benches as depicted in this 12-1, as an example. So, I would say there's a little more upside in where we're headed. But objectively, we've got a soft guide out there. We feel good about where we're at. We'll continue to hone that and then see how we can improve from there.
Arun Jayaram: Great. My follow-up is, you guys are six, seven weeks into -- since the close of Grayson Mill. I was wondering, Clay, maybe for you or Rick, is if you could identify any self-help opportunities where you think you can further improve kind of capital efficiency in the Bakken, in particular?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. As a reminder, this deal was built on its own merits and justified just on the acquisition and what it really does to make us a better company. We did identify a little bit in the synergy bucket. I can tell you we're going to blow that away. We feel really good about what we're seeing from the excitement from the team. Some instant wins we found in things like infrastructure and capital program. And even the inventory that we held in place on some parts and pieces, those have been some really instantaneous wins. Things that we're working on in progress right now. There's some debundling opportunities that we have taken full advantage of on the Devon side that I still see as unlocked potential on the Grayson side. And then I think the real upside potential -- and this is hard to quantify really in synergies, but think about the value of having teams that have been working problems side by side. And when you bring them together, take for example, the refracs, and all that experience and that wisdom coming together to really figure out how do we do it better. And not just better in the Williston, but better in South Texas and better in the other amazing basins that we have. So more to come on that in synergies. We probably won't tally it up every time we have one of these wins, but that's certainly an accretive part of the value proposition when you bring in such a strong team as we did with Grayson.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, Rick and team. I guess the first question is, as you think about your M&A strategy, there are a couple of different paths you can look for that transformational transaction and some have come and gone. But the other opportunity is to look for a bunch of additional Grayson Mills type of opportunities, which are much more bolt-on in nature. And as you think about M&A, where you've definitely demonstrated interest in being active, what do you think is the right path? And how are you thinking about maximizing value via M&A?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, Neil, that's a great question. And I think from our perspective, our commentary has been very, very consistent over the last several years, and that is we'll continue to look for opportunities, make sure that we're not missing something. We've got a team that -- David Harrison, his folks do a really nice job in staying plugged in with what's in the market and what's out there. We debate internally on things that could make us a stronger company. More often, we just pass on it and move on down the road. But -- so that's something. I think if you look at our actions over the last couple of years, we'll continue to evaluate things. But don't forget the organic piece, too, and that's some things. And Clay, you talked about the CBR pad, that's another way. We'll continue to build inventory for the future organically. We've got a great geoscience team and a risk engineering team that works very hard day in, day out. And so, I think that you'll see a combo path forward, and that is the organic and inorganic. And the inorganic could be a -- common -- the smaller just ground game type -- tuck-in type small deals, or something that's more of an asset like you saw with Grayson Mill, which once again, works very, very well for us. And so, we have a strong team. It does a good job with integrations. And I think that's -- but the bottom line, the key takeaway is the same path going forward is what you've seen over the last couple of years.
Neil Mehta: Okay. That's great. And then the follow-up is just maximizing your natural gas realizations, particularly in the Permian. You've discussed the in-service of Matterhorn. So, I'm curious on how you think that ultimately is going to flow through Waha pricing, which is -- it has recovered, but not nearly to probably the fair value. And do you think there's risk that this gas oversupply is transferred over to the Gulf Coast? And then maybe as part of this discussion, you can also talk about Blackcomb and how that resolves potentially the next bottleneck in Permian gas too? So broader Permian gas question there.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Neil, this is Jeff. Yes, as you know, we obviously have a commitment on Matterhorn and have an equity contribution there is as well. We're excited that the pipe is up and going and flowing 2 Bcf a day at this point. Specific to Devon, I think you're very familiar with our approach in moving the molecules away from Waha to the Gulf Coast. So now with Matterhorn online, we have, call it, 90% of our molecules flow away from Waha to the Gulf Coast. You highlight the potential for a backup there at Katy. That's certainly something that we've been mindful of. Our team has done a great job and got out in front of that. We've taken capacity away from Katy over into the Louisiana LNG hub. So, we feel like we've taken some really positive steps to protect ourselves from some of the dislocation in pricing that you've seen there. We feel good about pricing longer term. As you mentioned, we're still in a spot today with a lot of the maintenance that we've seen on some of the other pipe there in the Permian Basin has led to kind of a depressed Waha price even with Matterhorn coming online. But initially, once the pipe came on, we did see some improvement in some of this maintenance settles out. We expect that to continue and are realizing pricing going into the fourth quarter. And certainly into 2025, we expect to improve over time.
Operator: The next question comes from Kalei Akamine with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine: Good morning, guys. Thanks for getting me on. For my first question, I'm also going to take a shot at '25. You kind of addressed the Permian piece of the puzzle, that there is an upside scenario there. But in your conservative base case, do you kind of see the Delaware oil flat or up? And the other moving part of that '25 guide is the Bakken, where you're taking over Grayson. And you're basically landing that production at a lower but more optimal level. Just kind of wondering about the cadence of that Bakken drawdown in '25?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I appreciate -- this is Clay again. I appreciate the attempt at another '25 question, and I imagine it might not even be the last. What I would tell you is, look, let's just stick with our soft guide for now. We'll have a lot more detail coming out in February. Meanwhile, we don't want to front run the Board in a couple of weeks. We've got a really important Board meeting. We'll talk about these things. We've got a lot of options, very deep portfolio. The multi-basin gives us a lot of optionality. And the team continues to provide some really interesting kind of competitive opportunities to compete for that capital. So rather than getting too granular at this point, we're just going to stick with the high level that we've provided so far.
Kalei Akamine: Fair enough. For my follow-up, just kind of thinking about debt reduction. In September, you made a first go at your $2.5 billion target and taking out the $500 million. In the next several years before '28, you've got about $2 billion coming due. In the base case, do you take those out as they come due?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Clay, this is Jeff. Yes, that's exactly the game plan. We feel really good about the balance sheet that we have, a lot of strength and liquidity, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. We're not in a hurry to go out and pay down a bunch of debt in the near term. But we are going to build towards that. And as you mentioned, our game plan is to take out the maturities as they come due. We -- I mentioned the $475 million that we took out here this year already. We'll have another, call it, $485 million in the fall of next year that we'll look to take down. And then as I mentioned previously, the term loan, which has a maturity in 2026. We've got a couple of years to start chipping away at that over time as well. So, over the next two to three years, as we've highlighted, we'd like to get kind of roughly $2.5 billion of absolute debt out, but we're -- we feel really good about the kind of financial flexibility that we have with our framework to deliver on that, as well as, again, I'll just highlight our intention to deliver really competitive cash returns to shareholders over that time frame as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes. How should we think about your LOE and GPT costs going forward post close? We got the 4Q guide. Is there an opportunity to squeeze OpEx lower? Or should we use the 4Q guide as the baseline for '25?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I think the 4Q guide is a good starting point. Again, we'll continue to refine that, look for opportunities. You might have noticed the 3Q to 4Q change, that varies quite a bit with the workovers. We're always trying to get more efficient, less downtime. That's a lofty goal. Things tend to tick up a little bit during the winter months on some of this downtime. So, we've got that baked in in the fourth quarter. So, if you run that forward, I think it gets you in the -- certainly in the right ballpark.
Scott Gruber: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just thinking about your completion efficiencies, quite impressive. How should we think about -- what do you guys think about in terms of driving the next leg? Where do you guys stand on e-frac deployment? You mentioned the simul-frac. But are you thinking about e-frac deployment, where do you guys stand on that front? And latest thoughts on -- as you're looking at something like thermal frac. Just kind of what drives the -- what could drive the next leg of completion efficiency gains?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Scott, I would say all of those things are on the table. We continue to evaluate them very objectively. We stay in the market pretty continuously to understand what those opportunities are. As you're well aware, some of the e-fleets required some pretty long-term contracting early on. As we cycle through those as an industry, I think there's more opportunity for us to participate and to see things that are really kind of contributing to the bottom line. So far, we're pretty objective about the fuel types. And many of the fleets that we run actually run very high percentage of natural gas. And so, think of an e-fleet as 100% natural gas, where some of our fleets are maybe 60% to 80% natural gas. And so, we're getting a lot of that cost benefit from depressed natural gas prices. And at the same time, we're in the market that -- maybe a little bit secondary to some of the premium e-fleets. So far, it's been our competitive advantage or advantageous for us to stay in the direction we're in. But I guarantee you, we are wide open to creative ideas, continue to innovate the efficiencies that our service companies, partners. Create right alongside with our team is pretty remarkable. And I'm getting tired of trying to outguess them on is this the time that we plateau. So, if you're thinking about when do we plateau, your guess is good as mine. But I'm going to bet on the over on the creativity and the innovation that these folks have, and they continue to apply. So more to come on that, and I look forward to sharing with you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Kind of two questions. One, to follow up on your comments earlier about not really building in any productivity or efficiency. Maybe just a way to look back over the last 12 months, last six months, what those productivity and efficiency trends have been? In other words, if things were to continue along that line, what's sort of the potential for improvement on well cost as you think about it?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Roger, I'll take kind of two parts. First, on the overall productivity, and let's just focus on the Delaware because that's such a large piece of our business. When I look back year-to-year productivity, we've been in a band -- and it's a relatively tight band, but it certainly is affected by our geographic contribution inside of the Delaware. Also, the zonal contribution, how much of which zones do we do. And then going forward, our ability to move more of these multi-zone developments, a little bit larger development opportunity set that also contributes to that productivity. So, while we're doing things to better land the wells, always trying to tweak the completion design to eke out a little bit more recovery factor on each of these opportunities, there's also some kind of technical attention on maybe we need to tighten a few more of these up and really lean into this inventory opportunity and not miss these. We all know that this is incredibly precious inventory that doesn't exist really anywhere else on the planet. And so, we want to make sure that we're thinking about the balance of near-term returns, the ultimate net present value of the project, but also the inventory considerations. Shifting over to the bigger capital picture. I think about that productivity as part of the equation. Speed is part of the equation, and then deflation is part of the equation. And so, you think about those three inputs, we highlight on Slide 6, the completion efficiencies and drilling efficiencies. That actually -- obviously, on a per well basis, makes those wells cheaper, but it works a little bit against you because you're working faster and you're pulling more of next year's activity into this year. We've mitigated that by dropping rigs, lowering kind of headline number activity, still getting the same output. But as you see from our productivity and our continued beat and raise throughout the year, that productivity gains combined from the well productivity and from the more wells online, we're outrunning even our internal estimates. The deflation is kind of out there in the background. And the question is, is that going to take up enough to keep our capital in line. We saw a really good result in the third quarter. I think we're really pleased on what we're seeing in the fourth quarter. We'll continue to watch that. We don't get too far ahead of ourselves into '25 with all the macro things that are going on. So, a lot going on as we think about '25, all of that stuff comes into play but really excited about what the team is controlling the controllables on drilling better wells and doing it in a more efficient manner.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Please go ahead, Neal.
Neal Dingmann: My first question, likely for Rick, for you or Jeff, just on capital allocation. I'm just wondering, very generally, any thoughts these days any differently about how you're thinking about the buybacks versus dip going forward? And then secondly, on the recent buybacks, did that include any PE shares and would you all consider in stepping a larger way into buybacks if any of the PEs decide to sell?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Neil, this is Jeff. So, first priority for us on the cash return is the fixed dividend. We're in a position today where, obviously, with our business model, we're really comfortable with where the fixed dividend is and frankly, expect to grow it as we work our way into next year. Once we start working through our finalized budget with our Board, I expect after we get past the first of the year, you'll see us announce a growth in the fixed dividend. So that's the first priority. Beyond that, we've been pretty clear for the last several quarters that our bias is towards the share repurchases. So, we think there's great value in our equity today from an intrinsic value standpoint and kind of our view of the long term. So, you're going to continue to see us lean in on the share repurchase program. I think if you go back and look at our track record, obviously, we've paid a variable dividend in the past. That really was attuned to the market dynamics that we're seeing with what we would characterize as above mid-cycle pricing. We think it worked incredibly well for us. Now with the pullback that we've seen in commodity prices, we think it makes more sense to eliminate the variable for the near term and really lean in even further on the share repurchases and the growth in our FIC. So that's going to be our game plan going forward. Obviously, if we see the market dynamics change, we'll adjust our strategy. But that's -- we really feel like is the beauty of our financial framework is that provides us all the flexibility that we need to kind of manage through the dynamic environment that we're all living in.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, I like that game plan, Jeff. And then just secondly, Rick, for you or Clay, just a broader on potential future JV plans. I mean, simply, it seems like some of your peers have started talking about power and nuclear, I'm just wondering if you all started any of these conversations for any potential JVs with these type of plants?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, absolutely, Neal. We had a lot of discussion or -- not only our asset team, our business development teams have had a litany of discussions. But I can also tell you that what I've personally been involved with is talking to utilities and power pools just to make sure that we have the right framework and structure, and more importantly, the support to get some of this done. Because until we address some of those sorts of things, I think we're kind of waving our arms a little too much. So, but to answer your question, yes, we've been very, very engaged in discussions.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. And the follow on that as well. I think there's -- you know us as a pretty creative bunch. And we've got some folks that are really thinking outside of the box on how do we connect some of these dots. We have tremendous resources, specifically in the Delaware Basin, and it's obviously not lost on us, the current cost of electricity, the scarcity of electricity. And at the same time, we have the source of that electricity that is getting terrible price realizations. And so, connecting those dots with our incredible footprint, I think, is a real opportunity. And yes, we're absolutely engaged in some of those conversations today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Clay, just curious that as you are trying to do more cut development and looking at the other branches, have you seen a noticeable difference in the gas oil ratio or the sour gas exposure and all that?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Paul. As we move generally down in section, generally speaking, it gets gassier. So that's no great surprise. I would say we've actually seen some upside to the oil cut and some of the, what we call B200, B300 benches that have really proven a lot oilier. We've got a couple of tests that we're doing our first half of this year that we're pretty excited about even deeper benches. We have done a whole lot of geologic mapping and science work, oil fingerprinting, really understanding where those opportunities are to really drill deeper, include more of these deeper benches and still keep our oil cuts up. And so, I'd say positive to the upside there, pretty excited. But overall, remember, we are moving down dip. You're kind of fighting uphill on the gas cut. So, we're obviously very aware of that. Specific to the HUS, the only place we see it is in the far eastern side of the Delaware Basin in material amounts. And we're very aware of that. We work around that. We've got third-party midstream partnerships that are very engaged in that pretty much throughout that stack of rocks. And so, it's not something that typically surprises us. We're very aware of that. We certainly take that into account and make sure that we have the appropriate safety and midstream infrastructure in place as we dig into that area.
Paul Cheng: And Clay, the second question is then on inventory backlog. Now that we have Grayson, I think you're saying that you have a 10 year of inventory life on that. And how about in the Permian? If we look at using a, say, call it, $50 WTI and $3 gas price, what is your inventory license? How many wells do you need in the Permian per year in order for you to sustain the operation?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Good question on inventory. We love talking about it because I think it's an area that's a little bit misunderstood. And I'll invoke third parties like Enverus to back up these numbers. We feel very confident in a 10-year runway in all five of our basins. Some of these have much longer, as an example, the Powder River Basin. But even in our core, the Delaware Basin, we certainly feel really good about that runway. Now no doubt about it, Paul, as you think about the front five years versus the back five years, we have much more confidence in that front five years. In fact, when you look at the overall productivity and capital efficiency for the organization, we feel very good about that front five years derisked and really kind of some really good continuity to what we're doing today. That just gives us five years to continue to innovate and get more efficient on that back five. And that's how -- that's why I feel so confident about the 10-year runway that we talk about. And then even beyond that, Rick's signaling to me over here. There's a lot more beyond that, and he's a great champion for our innovation beyond as we think about deeper zones, uphole zones, adjacencies to that in a business sense and adjacencies in the sense of a geologic sense, there's a lot more to go from there. Again, don't underestimate these teams. The human ingenuity, the scrappiness of these folks across the industry is just -- it's so exciting to be part of, and I'm so proud to see it.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Guys, I think all of us have been obviously trying to figure out why the stock has had such a tough time over the last period of time. And there's a couple of things you brought up this morning I wanted to try and hit. The first one is, Jeff, when we hear you talk about 70% free cash return and buybacks and you're going to raise the dividend. But at the same time, you've avoided the variable because of your concerns over the commodity. Well, your capital structure still get $8 billion of debt in a backward-dated oil curve. Why is the balance sheet now getting more attention than a buyback, given the uncertainty that you -- yourself laid out this morning on the oil price?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Doug, we can -- we absolutely have a focus on the balance sheet. So, as I think we've been pretty clear about our intentions around reducing the debt over time. We have the luxury of the strength of the balance sheet that we have and the liquidity that we have and the business model that we pursue with the low breakevens that we don't have to rush out and act like something's wrong with the balance sheet, right, and be aggressive in some sort of debt pay down. We're trying to balance that with the value that we see in the equity, right? So, as I mentioned earlier, we feel like the flexibility of our framework allows us to do both, honestly. So, we feel like we could accomplish both objectives over time, grow the fixed dividend, buy back our shares at what we view as a discounted price and achieve our debt reduction targets over time. Again, if we see the market further deteriorate, we always reserve the right to change our opinion and adjust as necessary, but we feel really comfortable in our game plan.
Doug Leggate: I understand. I guess we kind of think of equity as what's left after debt from the enterprise value, but I understand the answer. My follow-up is on Grayson Mills. Again, Rick, in your prepared remarks, you talked about over a decade of inventory. And I realize there's no precision here. But we did have a substantially higher oil price when you made that acquisition, that $5 billion deal. As you look at it today, at the current forward strip, how do you see the value of the forward free cash flow forward asset versus what your planning was at the time you bought -- you did the deal? And I'll leave it there.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, it's a good question, Doug. I mean the bottom line is we were about $75, $76, as I recall, when we did that transaction. And it's -- I think you have to always think long term about what the commodity price is going to be. And none of us -- as I said, none of us have rose-colored glasses. There's people who have been calling for $4.50 gas price by the end of this year. That doesn't look like that's going to happen either. So, it's -- and you've been in this business a long time as well. And it's -- picking the commodity price is probably one of the trickier things that we do. But eventually, you have to put a stake in the ground and say this is where we're going to head. And what we like about Grayson Mill is that the economics around of that transaction, we felt very, very good about a mid-cycle pricing or probably a little bit cheaper than or lower than where we are today. So, we felt very good about it. We structured the deal to be 2/3 debt, 1/3 equity. And we had the -- I think the team did a really good job. We locked in a set number of shares. Now the commodity prices pull back, equities prices come back. And so, what the $5 billion headline number is actually when we closed the transaction, was we're probably closer to 4.6% or 4.7% when you think about that standpoint. So, kind of how we look at it. So, we feel really good the transaction. We feel really good about the long-term inventory. As you know, the Bakken is a great reservoir. Williston Basin has been a tremendous provider of energy for a long time. So, we really like the position we're at. So, I can tell you, we have no regrets whatsoever. And so, we feel really, really good about it.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from J. Phillips Johnston with Capital One. Please go ahead.
J. Phillips Johnston: Just a clarification for Jeff on the return of capital strategy. If I heard you right, you're sticking to the 70% target. And I think you said you'd expect $200 million to $300 million of buybacks each quarter to sort of get you to that 70% target at the strip. I just wanted to clarify what we might expect in an upside oil price scenario. Would you stick to the $200 million to $300 million and let the return fall below 70% in order to accelerate the reduction in net debt? Or would you actually boost the absolute buy back to the 70%?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Phil, the way I'd answer that is I'd say we have the option to do both. Our near-term plan is to be pretty consistent. We're going to deliver a fixed dividend of, call it, $575 million annually a year. With the repo range that we've given, the $200 million to $300 million over time, a quarter, that's going to get you north of $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion of cash returns to shareholders. To the extent that we deliver -- as we did this last quarter, we got to the top end of the range on our share repo game plan. Any incremental cash above that, we'll consider taking back to the balance sheet. But that being said, if we move back to an environment where we think we have above mid-cycle pricing, we'll reevaluate that thought process, maybe lean in further on the share repo or, frankly, even consider the variable dividend at some point in the future again as well. But in the near term, with kind of how we look at the world, we think the fixed dividend, the share repo, leaning in on that is going to make the most sense. And then as we generate some incremental cash above that share repo game plan that we've laid out, we may take that back to the balance sheet.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning, Rick, Clay and Jeff and the whole Devon team there. Clay, I want to go back to your prepared comments. And you were specifically talking about Delaware Basin activity levels, and I think you were referencing Slide 6. So, you've addressed this a bit. So -- but you've got a 14% improvement in drilling days year-to-date over '23. But if we think about kind of the delta in your -- in how many rigs you need to run going forward versus '24. Is that number maybe a little lower than that 14% as far as to keep the same drilling footage, what do you have to run?
Clay Gaspar: Well, the simple math, if you're running 16 rigs, multiply by 0.86, you get about 14. So that's where we're headed by first quarter. We're probably -- we don't move this -- we don't want to get ahead of ourselves on dropping rigs too quickly. And so, we're probably erring on the high side, and that's why you're seeing a little bit more days online and certainly helps the production numbers.
Charles Meade: Got it. Okay. Well, thanks for that clarification. And then one question I'd like to ask, this is -- see if you want to take a stab at this and this relates to Matterhorn. So, Jeff, I think you gave some good detail there about the pipelines going into having some maintenance because one of the big surprises was that Waha flipped. It was positive for it seemed like a couple of days and then right back negative again. But I wonder if you could give us an outlook on when do you think we're going to see any kind of durable return above zero for natural gas? And also, maybe one of the big questions that we've added around with clients is how much if any, incremental oil volumes come to market now that there's more gas egress? So, if you kind of take a stab at either or both of those would be great.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, I'll take a stab at it. I would say our perspective is we definitely think once some of the maintenance cleans up on the other pipes in the basin. With the benefit of Matterhorn, you should see pricing improve. Whether that's next month or three months from now, I can't tell you. I think it's certainly going to be dependent on when that maintenance kind of clears up. As it relates to incremental volumes coming online, oil volumes or otherwise, we don't have direct line of sight to that. I can tell you we haven't changed our behavior at all as a result of Matterhorn coming online. We haven't turned on incremental wells as a result of having that additional takeaway. So specific to Devon, and our behavior hasn't changed, but I certainly can't speak for other operators out there and if it's changed the way they've thought about things.
Operator: The next question comes from Betty Jiang with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Betty Jiang: A lot of questions has been asked. I just have a follow-up on the Permian. The CBR -- the multi-well project is pretty impressive. So how big is the opportunity set to repeat these type of large-scale projects like the CBR going forward? And then as you phase in more Tier 2 zones, do you think you will see any impact on the average productivity in the Permian? And how much that could extend your inventory life in the Permian?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Betty. This is one of the things we wrestle with, and I mentioned this a couple of times in the prepared remarks, just around the balance of returns. If you just want to maximize the return of a well, there's one way to do that, and it's probably not going to maximize the NPV of the productivity of the overall pad. If you want to maximize the NPV of the pad, you may sacrifice things like some of the overall inventory. And so, there's an interesting tension between those three kind of pieces and important factors when we think about inventory, returns and NPV of the overall project, to really maximize the opportunity. And so, what we're thinking about is not just these incremental zones, but also the spacing. In some areas, we've tightened up a little bit. In other areas, we've loosened up a little bit. But really, this interplay in a three-dimensional sense on these other zones is one of the things that we've learned how to improve some techniques, some appropriate spacings where some zones can take a little tighter spacing and other zones where we need to loosen up a little bit. I would say that's where we've seen productivity improvement that's outpaced our risk model going into '24. And that's probably been the most important tangible thing that we've changed, controlling the controllable kind of thing. And I think that does extrapolate going forward. Now there's no doubt about it. I mean, Betty, you know this as well as anybody. We have full inventory of assets, and we're always trying to drill the best stuff upfront. And so it's kind of that you're fighting the resistance of that ultimate degradation that we will all see in this prioritization. But as you see in 2024, we didn't drill -- we didn't wait to drill some of the best wells we've ever drilled until 2024 because we wanted to really hold out until then. This is the innovation of the teams and really thinking about how do we continue to do this better. And I know that there's more to come in that space to improve these future wells that on a risk basis, don't just -- don't look quite as good as what we drilled in the past.
Betty Jiang: I appreciate that. Maybe just on the efficiency standpoint. I mean, the 21-well project, these type of larger projects do allow for greater efficiency gains, both on drilling and completion side. Like, do you see -- what do you see as the average project size going forward? Is there more of these larger-sized projects going forward?
Clay Gaspar: If we started from scratch, we would definitely do more of these. In some of our areas, what we're finding is we're feathering in after an initial development. And so, in the 12-1, it was an opportunity to really develop all of these zones at the same time. Objectively, there's just not very many blank campuses to work with. But what we're finding is when we go back in, we now understand essentially the depletion effects from that prior development and how to mitigate downside from that and then maximize the upside of some of these zones that, again, objectively, we've waited later in the cycle to develop. And they continue to prove really, really productive. So, I would say we tend towards larger pad development where applicable. It does provide efficiencies on drilling and completions. But much more important than the cost side of the equation is the productivity side. And as we continue to innovate and improve that productivity well to well in an overall pad, that's where our real money is made and that's what we try to highlight really on Slide 5. Yes, slide 5 about how much productivity we have and really calling out this 12-1. It's a very large project that has just continued to exceed our expectations from all of these benches.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: The GME assets came with the big midstream footprint. How are you thinking about the value of this asset now that it's in-house? Are there opportunities or a need to expand the footprint? Or could this be a potential divestiture target to accelerate the debt reduction plans?
Clay Gaspar: Josh, thanks for the question. As you know, we've got a lot of midstream assets inside the portfolio. I would say they're all in the portfolio for a reason, but we also remain very objective about when there's a better opportunity for the organization to exit some of these opportunities. I would say uniquely to Grayson. I really commended the team on the last call about the great work that they've done to build this out and how it translates into higher margins and lower overall operating costs for those assets. That becomes very critical as you get into these more mature assets and you're really trying to pick up these remaining opportunities, extend the laterals, lower that cost threshold so that more and more of these opportunities meet our return threshold. So, I would say they're much more likely to stay in our portfolio. In fact, I believe on the last call, I highlighted an opportunity that we're going to be building some infrastructure on the East side, some of the legacy assets to really open up some additional inventory in the Williston Basin. And with the expertise from Grayson, we feel even more confident about our ability to execute on that, bring that in, run that. And then I think it will provide additional runway of other stranded assets to further enhance our existing footprint. So excited about those opportunities, that skill set. I would say we're pretty objective about all of those assets. When the right time comes, you'll see us buy assets, sell assets. But I would say specific to the Grayson assets, we're really happy with what we have them in the portfolio, and it was a critical piece of our ability to transact on that deal.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. That's helpful. And then within the 2025 plans, how should we think about the capital allocation to the other assets that we really haven't discussed here today, Eagle Ford, Anadarko and the PRB. Are these assets just in cash flow harvesting mode? Is there any uptick or downtick in terms of percentage there?
Clay Gaspar: Josh, I would direct you to -- it's directionally looking similar, okay? One thing that will be a notable change, obviously, with a larger Williston footprint. The overall pie will shift a little bit. You'll see higher to the Williston. You'll see Delaware Basin drop from about 60% of the portfolio to 50%. Otherwise, I would say directionally, we're in the same ballpark and we'll resist the urge to give you too much more granularity on '25 until the February call.
Rosy Zuklic: So, we have met our time commitment. I want to thank everyone for your interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, please reach out to Chris or me. Thank you again for joining us on our call today.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mrs. Rosy Zuklic, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued Devon's second quarter earnings release and presentation materials. Throughout the call today, we will make references to these materials to support prepared remarks. The release and slides can be found in the Investors section of the Devon website. Joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, Chief Financial Officer; and David Harris, Chief Corporate Development Officer. As a reminder, this conference call will include forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. securities laws. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forecast. Please refer to the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Rosy. It's a pleasure to be here today. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us. By all measures, the second quarter was another excellent performance for Devon as our business continued to strengthen and build momentum. Our quarterly results were driven by our Delaware-focused operating plan, which led to record oil production, expanding EBITDA, and another round of strong cash returns to shareholders. Additionally, our effective cost management resulted in capital coming in well below expectations. We also took important steps to strengthen the quality and depth of our asset portfolio with the accretive acquisition of Grayson Mill. All in all, it was another quarter of systematic execution that advanced both the financial and operational tenets of our strategic plan. Now let's begin on Slide 7 by covering a few of our second quarter highlights and operating trends in greater detail. Beginning with production, we once again surpassed guidance expectations by a wide margin with our per-share volumes growing at a healthy clip of 9% year-over-year. This attractive per-share growth rate was driven by oil production reaching a record-high for us of 335,000 barrels of oil per day, coupled with the benefits of our sustained stock repurchase efforts throughout the year. A key driver of this record-setting oil result was a superb performance we delivered in the Delaware Basin. By leveraging the benefits of a temporary fourth frac crew, we were able to bring online 62 new Delaware Basin wells in the quarter. Well productivity from this batch of wells was once again outstanding with per-well recoveries on track to achieve a greater than 10% uplift compared to last year's program. Looking beyond the Delaware, re-development success in the Eagle Ford, appraisal progress in the Powder River Basin, and a strong base production from our legacy Williston position also contributed to our volume beat this quarter. The team also continued to do a great job across the portfolio of controlling cost with capital and operating costs coming in well below guidance for the quarter. The strong cost performance was driven by effective supply-chain management and improving cycle times that resulted in multiple drilling and completion records across our asset portfolio. Importantly, these efficiencies not only accrue to us in the form of lower well costs, but also save us valuable time and further bolstering our project-level returns. Now with this operational performance, we're pleased to raise our production guidance for the second time this year. The improved outlook is driven entirely by our legacy portfolio. We now expect to produce more than 680,000 BOE per day in 2024, which represents a 5% increase compared to our initial budget expectations heading into the year. In addition, our outlook was further strengthened by the Grayson Mill acquisition in Williston Basin. These assets are an excellent addition to our portfolio, fitting perfectly within our broader strategic framework to accumulate resource and grow oil-weighted production in the best parts of the top U.S. shale plays. Upon completion of the transaction, Devon will be one of the largest oil producers in the U.S. with average daily rates estimated at around 375,000 barrels of oil per day. This transaction nearly triples our production and expands our inventory in the Williston Basin. At the current pace of development, we have about 10 years of Bakken project inventory. This vast improvement in operating scale places Devon in a great position to harvest high-margin production from this prolific oilfield for many years to come. It's also important to note that our Geoscience team is really encouraged about having an additional 300,000 net acre position to evaluate for future development opportunities over the next several decades. We see significant financial value created from this acquisition. We expect sustainable accretion to earnings and free cash flow. Given the strength of this transaction, we've expanded our share repurchase program by 67% to $5 billion. This increased authorization provides us ample capacity to continue to opportunistically repurchase our stock and bolster our per-share growth trajectory for the next few years. We expect free cash flow from this acquisition to be additive to our dividend payout in 2025 and beyond. And lastly, as I look ahead, the outlook for Devon in 2025 is shaping up to be exceptionally strong. With the Grayson acquisition, we are now positioned to deliver healthy double-digit growth in both oil and free cash flow next year. Our legacy portfolio in key U.S. basins will provide a solid foundation for us to continue the momentum we've demonstrated so far this year. We will provide detailed guidance in the coming months as our planning process matures, but I'm confident that Devon will have one of the more advantaged outlooks in 2025 of any E&P company out there. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Clay. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Our team delivered another round of impressive operating results in the second quarter, beating our guide and The Street and raising full-year expectations as illustrated on Slide 12. I want to congratulate the entire organization along with our service company partners for not only achieving these outstanding production and financial results, but also their commitment to safety and our environmental standards. Let's start with Slide 8 with our franchise asset, the Delaware Basin, which drove our strong outperformance. In the second quarter, this asset achieved record-high production reaching 461,000 BOE per day, which represents a 5% growth rate compared to the previous quarter. In a bit, I'll talk more about the operational improvements that we are achieving on the drilling and completions front. But first, I want to clarify that this production beat is almost entirely driven by our outperformance of the new wells and the base production. The impact of drilling and completing a bit faster adds considerable value to each well's project economics, but this timing doesn't typically add much to an individual quarter's production. As Rick mentioned earlier, we brought online more than 60 wells during the quarter. These wells were diversified across our asset footprint, primarily targeting the stacked pay within the Wolfcamp formation. In aggregate, these projects achieved average 30-day rates of more than 2,800 BOE per day with recoveries projected to exceed $1.3 million BOE per well. With improving well costs and impressive performance, I'm confident that this batch of high-impact projects is delivering some of the best returns in the entire U.S. Given the operational momentum we've achieved so far this year, it's no surprise that the Delaware is the driving force behind the company's improved production outlook. As I mentioned earlier, the key factors for this improvement is the excellent well productivity from this year's IDs as well as impressive base production performance. As shown on the left-hand side of Slide 9, we are firmly on track to improve our performance by more than 10% year-over-year. An important driver of this improvement is the easing of infrastructure constraints in New Mexico, which has enabled us to increase capital investments in areas that we have the most extensive runway of high-quality inventory. Additionally, the continued optimization of our well design and the successful co-development of intervals in the Wolfcamp A and B formations have been highly impactful. This impressive start for the year has positioned us among the top performers in the basin, as illustrated on the right side of Slide 9, our Delaware wells have consistently ranked in the top quartile of our industry peers. This superior well productivity reflects not only the quality of our resource base, but also the team's keen focus on operational excellence and performance optimization. Turning to Slide 10, we illustrate the impressive operating efficiencies we continue to achieve in the Delaware. From a drilling perspective, our team has achieved a 12% efficiency gain year-over-year and it's continually exploring ways to optimize our rig fleet and the associated drilling services. Additionally, the team is innovating across the entire drilling system from the bit to the crown block. We are working on technological applications in the realm of downhole sensing to improve well placement, casing design innovations, and overall flat time reduction, including tripping and connection practices and offline operations. On the completion front, we have delivered a 6% improvement year-to-date on top of the 10% improvement from last year. This step-change was significantly influenced by incorporating fit-for-purpose simul-frac operations across our development programs. Further, our continued application of leading-edge reservoir and frac modeling has allowed us to refine our stimulation designs, improving well cost and more importantly, well productivity. In addition, seemingly small items like sand, water, and location logistics are critical areas of focus that allow us to achieve both performance and safety improvements. It is important to note that these operational improvements are not in conflict with our strong safety focus. In fact, our safety metrics have also made significant improvements year-over-year. These operational improvements certainly create value to the bottom line for this year's drilling campaign, but more importantly, we will continue to apply these learnings and our continuous improvement culture to the thousands of remaining wells in our Delaware Basin inventory as depicted on Slide 11. Now let's turn to our other key assets in the Eagle Ford, Anadarko Basin, and Powder River Basins. Collectively, these assets delivered a 12% production growth compared to the previous quarter. In the Eagle Ford, production growth was driven by strong redevelopment results in DeWitt County, where average 30-day rates from this 15-well program consistently exceeds $3,000 BOE per day per well. In the Anadarko, our capital program driven by our joint venture with Dow delivered both solid returns and double-digit production growth in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect the benefit of these carried enhanced returns with Dow will support Anadarko activity through most of next year. Furthermore, we're evaluating opportunities to expand this mutually beneficial partnership. In the Powder River, our team is making significant strides in assessing the Niobrara development in Converse County. Over the last 18 months, the team's focus on subsurface technical applications have resulted in higher productivity and has continued to bolster our confidence in this asset. The next step in Powder is to refine development spacing across a very large play fairway and continue to reduce well costs as we move towards more development-oriented activities. We have identified material improvements that are shaping up to be needle movers for this important future development for Devon. Moving to the Williston Basin, as Rick touched on earlier, the Grayson Mill acquisition is transformative to our position in the basin. We'll be adding incremental leasehold over 300,000 net acres with 500 undrilled Bakken and Three Forks locations. Upon completion of the transaction, we expect to maintain an oil-weighted production of around 100,000 BOE per day. We expect to manage these assets to allow for a more substantial long-term production profile. To maintain this level, we anticipate an incremental capital investment of around $600 million in the upcoming year. Looking ahead, once we formalize our 2025 capital budget, we plan to provide an update on our optimized development strategy for this asset, which will include a combination of two and three-mile laterals supplemented by tactical re-fracs that will enhance our base production. We expect to operate a consistent three-rig program across our entire Williston Basin acreage position, allowing us to benefit from operational efficiencies in the field. In summary, I look forward to a successful Grayson Mill integration and continue to deliver industry-leading results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. Beginning with the second quarter financial performance, Devon's core earnings significantly expanded year-over-year and totaled $885 million or $1.41 per share. This level of earnings translated into operating cash flow of $1.5 billion, a 9% increase year-over-year. Operating cash-flow funded all capital requirements and generated $587 million of free-cash flow for the quarter. We ended the period with $1.2 billion of cash on the balance sheet and a low net-debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.6 times. Consistent with our disciplined cash return framework, we returned approximately 70% of excess free-cash flow to shareholders through a combination of buybacks and dividends. Given the compelling valuation of our equity, cash returns are skewed towards share repurchases over the variable dividend. We bought back 5.2 million shares for $256 million during the quarter. In addition to our share repurchase program, our Board declared a fixed-plus-variable dividend payout of $0.44 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of September. Overall, we believe the flexibility of our cash return strategy provides us the opportunity to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions through the cycle. With the recent market volatility and pullback in our equity price, we'll continue to bias cash returns to share repurchases relative to the variable dividend. Looking ahead, we expect another strong performance in the third quarter with oil production forecasted to average 322,000 barrels per day. On the capital front, we anticipate spending in the third quarter to remain essentially flat versus the prior period at around $900 million before moving lower in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our production forecast continues to trend higher while adhering to our original capital investment plan, albeit in the upper half of the guidance range with continued operational efficiencies pulling forward activity. Turning to our balance sheet, we'll fund the Grayson Mill acquisition with $3.25 billion of cash and $1.75 billion of stock. For the cash portion, we expect to use a combination of cash-on-hand, shorter-duration term loans, and long-term notes. Moving forward, we'll look to build upon our financial strength and we'll initiate a $2.5 billion debt reduction program. We expect to complete this debt reduction plan within the next few years and have flexibility with upcoming maturities and the anticipated term loan issuance. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. To wrap up our prepared remarks, I want to reinforce a few messages. Number one, we delivered an outstanding second quarter marked by record oil production underpinned by excellent well productivity from our franchise asset, the Delaware Basin. Number two, effective cost management resulted in capital and operating expenses coming in below guidance due to efficient supply-chain management and improved cycle times across the portfolio. Number three, the strong performance led us to raise our 2024 production guidance for the second consecutive quarter, now projecting to reach over 680,000 BOE per day, an impressive 5% increase from original expectations. Number four, this improved outlook is driving increased free cash flow, translating to higher cash returns for our shareholders. Given our equities value proposition, we believe prioritizing share repurchases is the best course of action. Number five, looking ahead, Devon is well-positioned as we go into 2025, anticipating strong double-digit growth in both oil and free cash flow supported by our legacy portfolio and the Grayson acquisition. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Rosy for Q&A.
A - Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Rick. Emily, we will now open the call to Q&A. I ask that all of you asking questions to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And with that, we will take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. My first question is just how to think about activity in the second half of the year on a Devon standalone basis. Your original TIL guide was $375 million to $430 million and the company completed 216 TILs in the first half, which would kind of if you annualize that, it would place you towards the upper end of that range, but obviously you've suspended the fourth-frac crew. So just trying to think about how activity trends could play out in the second half of the year, particularly in the Delaware.
Clay Gaspar: Hi, thanks for the question, Arun. This is Clay. Yes, so you nailed it. The first half of the year was benefited by the fourth frac crew. Now interestingly, we moved that frac crew in and out a little quicker than the original plan. So you saw some second quarter capital benefit from that. But I would say to the heart of your question, it's a little bit front-end weighted, but relatively flat over the course of the year. And so we'll benefit from that fourth frac crew in the front half. We get a little bit of benefit of depressed capital in the second half that should balance things out nicely.
Arun Jayaram: And Clay, just a quick follow-up on that is the working interest has been moving around a little bit in the Delaware. Any thoughts on the projects and what the working interest will look like in the second half? And I have one follow-up.
Clay Gaspar: Sure. It definitely affects the capital. But the - we try and manage that through the year. I can tell you, it's hard to manage that in addition to all the other important levers. And so as we march through the year, we could actually see a little bit of a step-up in the first quarter. Well, first quarter, we had a little bit of a step up. So second half we'll have a little bit lighter working interest.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. And just a follow-up, I know you're not ready to put 2025 outlook out there, but the capital program on a standalone basis has been running around $900 million or so the last four, five quarters. So if we just annualize that, you get to 36 and you mentioned $600 million of incremental spending from Grayson Mill. Is $4.2 billion a decent placeholder as we sit here today.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, obviously, too early to telegraph too much on 2025, but I get that it's part of your job to ask. So what I can tell you is directionally, that's not too far off. What happens between now and the announcement of our budgeting process is we have a strategy session with the Board in the next month. We'll talk about all kind of different scenarios and really challenge ourselves. And then we refine it. We run internal sensitivities. Then, of course, we need to close on Grayson. We hope that still lines up in the end of the third quarter. And then once we get that out, we'll be able to talk a little bit more holistically about where it fits in the overall project. So more to come on that, but I would say from the start, directionally, you're not too far off.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot, Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes, good morning, Rick and team. Just a follow-up on
Rick Muncrief: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Arun's question. I think - morning, sir. It's more of a philosophical question that we've been asked by investors, which is operationally, you guys continue to do very well and get the momentum back. But you were probably at this decision point, you could have throttled back the capital and hit the volume or you could have kept the capital the same and beat the volume guide. Can you walk us through the decision tree of - especially taking into account the macro, how you came to the decision to maintain the CapEx, but to focus more on the volume side? And I would imagine that's free-cash-flow neutral decision, but curious on the perspective.
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Neil, it's Rick. I'll start with that and hand it off to Clay. You know the reality is, I've seen time-and-time again over the last 40 years when you - things are looking good only to have some kind of a downstream constraint to surprise you, whether, whatever it may be. So what we did is we decided volumes were looking really, really, really good. We stuck with our game plan, exceeded the expectations and - but we did have some discussion around that and - but we stuck with a plan, you saw the performance. I thought it was important also for us to show once again, when we talk about 10% uplift, we talked about that for the Delaware position over 2023, what kind of performance we expected and we wanted to deliver that. And I think the team did a phenomenal job doing that. So Clay, why don't you provide a little more color, a little more detail?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Neil, great question. And I think it's pretty fundamental. As we think about do we absorb those accelerations and kind of continue to provide to the upside on production or do we trim back? I would tell you there's a mixed bag. We are always you know way below the radar doing a lot of things. I mentioned the fourth frac crew. As that frac crew was able to develop its amount of work quicker, we're able to release that earlier. We've high-graded a couple of rigs. We've actually gapped a couple of rigs during the year. We continue to evaluate for the balance of the year. And certainly, as we look into 2025, what is this increased productivity per rig, per frac crew really mean? I think you pointed to the right thing. We're thinking more about capital. We're thinking about net wells, maybe more importantly, net footage that we're delivering and how does that translate into the best-value opportunity? We'll still continue to hold to our 0% to 5%. I think we'll stay well inside that range, but it's - we are on the winning side of this, right? We've got improved cost structure accreting to better per well economics. The challenge is you drag a little bit more capital in and that still remains to be seen how do we manage that? So far so good. We're staying inside of our capital guide range. Feel good about that. More information to come on the balance of the year and how we shape things up for 2025.
Neil Mehta: Yes, that's really helpful. And then just the follow-up is on your perspective on the M&A market. Obviously, Grayson was an important step forward as building out your Bakken business and getting inventory to where you want to be. But do you see incremental opportunities as we look forward over the next year? Your just latest thoughts on the A&D market and how Devon fits into it.
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Neil, you know our mantra has been and always will be that we will always have our eyes open, but the reality is that we have once again a high bar and we're really laser-focused on getting Grayson Mill closed, getting it integrated, executing once it is integrated in the company. And so we'll see how that all plays out. But I can tell you, we're all excited about this company we've bought and I think it's going to be a great addition and shareholders are going to truly benefit, but we'll maintain that discipline and high bar.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Rick. Thanks, Clay.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Really nice results. Rick, my first question is likely for you or Jeff. Just was wondering, it's on capital allocation specifically. You don't think any different today about the buybacks versus the variable dividend given still how cheap your stock is and how volatile the commodity market continues to be?
Rick Muncrief: Absolutely, Neal. It's something we talk about quite a bit. I'm going to have - I'm going to have Jeff weigh in on this. But certainly, the way our equity is priced, we just think it's a great opportunity right now to be leaning in on the buyback. But Jeff, why don't you?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, Neal. Appreciate the question. And I know you're familiar with our financial framework. We're - as Rick highlighted in his opening remarks and just there in his response to your question, we think the - our bias is going to continue to be to lean in on the share repo. Our approach to that has been to be consistent quarter-after-quarter. We think somewhere in that $250 million kind of spend per quarter makes the most sense. The variable dividend falls out of that, right, as a function of the free cash flow we generate in each period. We take some back to the balance sheet. We make sure we're paying our fixed dividend and growing that over time. And then the balance is going to be dedicated to the share repurchase program. We're excited about Grayson Mill and getting that closed because that's going to add some incremental free-cash flow to our company, which is going to allow us to think about even expanding upon that absolute amount of share repurchases that we do on a quarterly basis. So without question, the bias is going to continue to be towards the share repo given what we're seeing in the market right now.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, love to hear that. And then my second question on the Anadarko and PRB plays. Specifically, maybe for Clay, just Clay your thoughts or expectations for future activities two plays. It sounds like based on your prepared remarks, you certainly believe Anadarko has returns that more than justify the incremental capital. I'm just wondering how you sort of see these two plays compete against the Delaware and the soon-to-be-increased Bakken plays?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Neal. Yes, I think both of them are complementary assets. In the case of the Anadarko Basin, having that partnership with Dow really helps promote those returns to compete in our portfolio. On the Powder River side, we think it's think it's an important future piece of our business. And so we're investing in it kind of prospectively to really understand what's the right combination, what's the right approach, and really unlocking that very material, very oily potential for our future. So you're not going to - never going to - not going to see these kind of dominate our capital call, but they certainly have a place in the portfolio and continue to allow us to look for our future, build for our future. Thanks, Neal.
Neal Dingmann: Well said. Thanks, Clay.
Operator: Thanks our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Let me kind of pivot off your comment about share repurchases and just for the record, we're all in favor of that. But you've been acquisitive. If you were to do something you know, larger acquisition-wise, obviously it starts to look at probably equity as a way to balance it. Just wondering what sort of metrics you would want to see in a transaction in order - a large transaction that would make you think about using the equity versus share repos. Like what are we - what should we think about as the key points there?
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Roger, it's a great question. In our mind, the share repurchases, that share repo program, that's kind of our base case. That's what we know that we're going to be doing. And as far as the transactions, that's - you can't always predict how that will play out for a number of factors as you can understand. But I think that I'm going to turn it over to Jeff, let him talk about some of the metrics, but certainly, our track record has been that we absolutely have to have that accretion to make it - make us a stronger company with the acquisition than without.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet. Roger, appreciate the question. And I'll echo much of what Rick just said, which is that you all are familiar with our financial framework and we've been, I think, pretty transparent as it relates to our thoughts around M&A and what's required for us to go out and capture incremental assets or think about merging with other companies, right? It's very much driven by that free cash flow accretion that we're looking for in any transaction. You're always going to hear me say that the balance sheet is a priority. We're going to be very thoughtful about any transaction, what we do, what the impact that that has on our investment-grade credit rating, and what that looks like into the future. So those are going to be a few of the priorities. As it relates to whether or not we use equity in a transaction, that's very dependent upon the specific opportunity that we have in front of us, right? Our bias is always to buy back our shares and not issue shares wherever we can. But depending upon the specific situation, and the transaction that we're looking at what the seller is interested in, those are all different things that we'll think about, as it relates to the capital structure and ultimately, how we finance that deal. But without question, our bias is to buy back our shares, given the current environment and the opportunity set we have in front of us in our base portfolio.
Roger Read: No, that sounds great. And then, I was wondering if I could follow-up on the comment. I believe you made it about the Bakken operations. The refracs, we're hearing a lot more about that terms of the Eagle Ford shale, but I was just curious kind of what you have on tap in either the Bakken or the Eagle Ford. And then, if you could like what portion of CapEx - percentage of CapEx is directed that way?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Roger, this is Clay. I appreciate the question. We are pretty excited about what we're seeing specifically in South Texas around refracs. We have more experience and, frankly, more running room there. We have quietly posted some really nice numbers really kind of derisk that potential from how we approach these, we screen the wells to begin with the operational pieces of how do we clean out wellbore prepare them for the stimulation and then ultimately, what's the right stimulation. When you run all of that through, it's a pretty compelling return and it's all upside to existing portfolio. We've also tried this in a few other areas. We've had okay results in the Anadarko Basin. We've had okay results in the Williston Basin. Then you flip to the Grayson Mill. And the Grayson Mill guys have done a fantastic job on some of these refracs. This is one area that we talk about synergies, how can we learn from what they've done specifically in the in the Williston, apply that to even more of what we already have the legacy assets. But we see it as part of ongoing business really, I think, more of a supplement to the base production. So, we're probably not going to be highlighting this as the big capital call on where we spend a significant portion of our overall capital dollars. But think of it as more supplemental. And we try and bring out more and more of the resource out of these incredible basins, I think this will be a very important tool in our portfolio.
Roger Read: Great. Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes, good morning.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Gruber: Hi, guys. Good morning. Your operated well spud have been running ahead of tie-ins in the first half. You mentioned incorporating some gaps in the rig schedules. But just given the efficiency gave you guys are achieving on the rig side, you plan to drop any rigs on a more permanent basis? Or do you want to build some DUCs into 2025. How are you thinking about the size of your contracted rig fleet in the second half?
Clay Gaspar: Scott, we - I like the way you started with thinking about well counts from spuds, from initial deliveries and really thinking about the cadence of that as an earlier question came up, the net definitely plays into effect when you're talking about capital but also production rolls into that. I think the rig count really is kind of a byproduct of the great work that the teams are doing, and our service company partners and making that equipment more, more efficient. So I would set the actual rig count aside a little bit. And again, we do things when we high-grade rigs, sometimes there's an opportunity to overlap. Sometimes there's an opportunity to gap those rigs a little bit. Again, we are less focused on the day-to-day rig count and more focused, on how do we maintain that expectation, and always look to improve from a productivity, and capital efficiency standpoint.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then just shifting to the gas side, Matterhorn will be starting up here shortly. How do you guys see that you guys see that impacting the margin? Do risk the oversupply of at Waha gets, transferred down to Houston ship? Do you see a need to take out some more basis protection down at Houston ship? How are you thinking about the impact on the market?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Scott, this is Jeff. I appreciate the question. Yes, we're - first of all, let me say we're excited to get Matterhorn online, and I think it's going to be a positive, obviously, not just for Devon specifically, but the broader sector as we move more of those molecules away from the Waha Hub. You've also heard about Blackcomb coming on in the 2026 timeframe. Again, we're excited to be part of that project. And again, further the movement to get the molecules away from Waha. Specifically to Matterhorn from our standpoint, it absolutely is going to move molecules over the Gulf Coast. We're hopeful to take advantage of the LNG pricing improvement that we'll see over time as those projects get built out. But you're right, there's absolutely a risk of some of that backup of molecules being transferred from Waha over to Katy. And that's why we've also taken advantage of some other opportunities to move the molecules further away from Katy into Louisiana and beyond. And so, the marketing team has done a really great job, of kind of thinking about the entire value chain, and how we move these molecules, to where we can get the highest realized price. Because at the end of the day, that's what we're trying to accomplish. So, we feel really good with the commitments that we've made. And our ability to move the molecules around not just over to the Gulf Coast, but outside of the Gulf Coast, if you think about Oklahoma Gas is another example, we have ability to move that gas to the Southeast markets where in the second quarter, we were able to capture our premium to Henry Hub. So a lot of great work done by the marketing team, and think we're well set up for the future.
Scott Gruber: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kalei Akamine with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine: Yes. Hi. Good morning guys. Rick, Clay and Jeff. I want to ask on the Blackcomb pipeline, and I'm going to tie it into some feedback that we get on Devon, which is that the inventory isn't sufficiently differentiated from peers yet you guys are one of the few companies that continue to sign a new pipe, Matterhorn and now Blackcomb. And that's a real commitment. So my question is, as you think about meeting that obligation in second half 2026, what's the base case to fill - to fill that pipeline. Is it with incremental gas? And if so, what does that infer about your Permian oil growth over this period?
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah. This is Jeff again. I'll start and give you a little bit of color on how we think about these - making these firm commitments, and then Clay can speak further about our depth of inventory in the Delaware. But I like the way you started the question, which is it begs the question, why are we making these pretty significant commitments, if we're worried about our Delaware inventory position. And so that probably answers the question. But without a doubt, we believe we're going to continue to see gas production grow, obviously, in the Delaware Basin as we continue to pursue our oil dedicated and oil commitments - excuse me, our commitment to drilling more and more oil projects in the Delaware Basin. We're going to continue to see that gas grow. And so that's why we think it's so important to help support these projects like Matterhorn and Blackcomb, by making these volume commitments. So without question, we feel like we're going to have the ability to make our commitment on both Matterhorn and Blackcomb. And I'll flip it over to Clay, and he could talk a little bit more about the inventory, and the position that we have there.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll take the inventory piece and happy to talk about it. This is something I remember 18 months ago, 12 months ago, when folks are worried that we are falling off the cliff and running out of inventory. And here we are producing some of the best most productive wells that, we've ever produced and posting some fantastic numbers. So I think our runway looks incredibly strong. I'll refer you to Slide 11, where we have third-party data, looking at the inventory, not just ourselves, but of our peer companies. And again, our team does an amazing job of trying to unlock that white part of the bar on those curves, which is the upside potential. And as we drive down those costs and improve the efficiencies, slightly improve on those recovery factors, eke out a little bit more of those resources that white spot becomes more of a gray, and then it becomes really part of that in-hand inventory. And so, we literally have thousands of wells ahead of us. We feel really good about our Delaware Basin activity. I feel so good that we're certainly willing to sign long-term deals, underwrite these pipes that desperately need to be in place. And I think that just underscores our commitment, to this area and our confidence in the position that we're in. Thanks again for that question.
Kalei Akamine: Good stuff. My follow-up is on M&A. Wondering if you can talk a little bit about your philosophy. The last three deals that you guys have executed have been outside of the Permian, as you sort of highlighted there. The Permian is a need, given that it's not subscale. But wondering if that decision to not transact in the Permian says anything about your view about the bid-ask spread in the basin?
Rick Muncrief: Not really. I think we've not transacted on major transactions. We have a really healthy ground game going on out there, I can tell you that. But we have not transacted in the Permian recently. We participated in a couple, but I can tell you that we are continuing to stick with our mantra of being very disciplined, and having a high bar in some of the premiums that we saw that may fit some people. It didn't fit us time. And that's just the way it works.
Kalei Akamine: Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Betty Jiang with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Betty Jiang: Good morning. It's great to see the operational momentum year-to-date. So when we look at the cycle time improvement, and then the better well productivity performance that - do you think any of the - these improvements that you have seen in the first half is sustainable going forward? And have you contemplated any of that into your second half guidance?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Betty. We are constantly updating our forecast, both in timing, capital and, of course, production. And things like the operational improvements are a little bit easier to kind of grab a hold to and really bake into the forward forecast. When we're finding unlocked upside in the productivity, we're bouncing around. We've got a huge area, specifically in the Delaware Basin, but really around the company. We believe in time that we will be able to continue to unlock that. It's a little harder to bake in to the current forecast on a month-to-month basis. And so, I would say there's continued upside in that, that the teams are continuing to work on. We just - we want to make sure that what we put forward, we're able to achieve. And like I said, it's a little easier to predict on some of the capital things, especially operational timing issues, casing design, some of the simul-frac changes. Those things we know we can do. As look to the well performance, we want to make sure that we've got a clear line of sight to what those productivities are. And within a certain area, we certainly understand where we can make improvements and we capture those as do.
Betty Jiang: Got it. That makes sense. And then on my follow-up, I guess, pretty similar along that line, parsing through on the CapEx side of things. With the higher CapEx or for 2024, guiding CapEx to the upper half of the guidance range and that comes with our activity as well. So a bit hard to parse out any cost benefits that you're seeing across the play due to the efficiency gains, particularly in the Permian. So Clay, if you could help us any well cost deflation maybe on dollar per foot basis that would be really helpful?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Betty. Thanks for the question. So as you recall, from 2023 to 2024, we forecasted 5% deflation gains during that period. I think we've continued to make improvements on that. At the same time, there's an opposing race on these operational improvements and that capital kind of creeping in. So it's been a battle of can we outrun the deflation? Or is the operational improvements kind of going to overtake a little bit. What we're seeing so far is we are seeing the 5%, probably even beyond that 5% as we look to the balance of the year that is, so far, a little bit more offset by that operational improvements. The good news is, I want to make sure we connect on this. The good news is both deflation and the operational improvements helped the project economics. These are both material gains for the wells capital efficiency and overall economics. And that, especially on the operational side are sticky. Those will translate into the future opportunities that we have, not just in the Delaware, but around the company.
Betty Jiang: Yes. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Betty.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning Rick, Clay, Jeff and the rest of the Devon team there.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Meade: One question - one comment. One comment I've heard a few times in the wake of the Grayson Mill deal. Is that I've heard some people say, well, look at the math and they say a lot of that, particularly the Western portion is non-core. And so, I'm curious if you could - if you could give your comments on whether to what extent you agree with that? And maybe would say that was reflected in our purchase price or alternatively, whether that view is perhaps outdated, given that there hasn't been as much attention on the bucket is or once was?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Charles, good question. That's something that I think we have seen overtime is that with efficiencies, and cost control, and all the things that we've learned over the last 15 or 20 years in these shale plays what was once Tier 2 has become core. And I think that what we're seeing is some of this could arguably been 15, 20 years ago, Tier 2 plus. What we're seeing is it's, I'd call it between a Tier 2 and a core. So, we're going to see some really nice returns. At the end of the day, when you start looking at the efficiencies, fact that we're changing orientation slightly, we're drilling three-mile laterals, instead at two-mile. We're drilling three-mile wells in the same time or less than it used to take us to drill two and completions with these efficiencies. What you see is at the end of day, whether it's core, whether it's Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4, whatever it may be. At the end of the day, all comes down to well level returns and what it does for your capital efficiency. And that's how we price all of our transactions, anything we do or quite honestly, in our existing development program, with our current assets. So, we feel really good about it. And recall, it's a basin that we're very familiar with personally have been there. This is the 40th year, that I've been involved with in the Williston Basin is pretty incredible. So I've watched this evolve. And I can tell you, having 3,000 acres to develop, 3,000 acres to explore on over the - that's a ton of running room in the next several decades. So our geoscience team will go back to some of my prepared remarks, you're really, really excited about what might lie ahead on top of what we already know, with our 500 new drills. So yes, we feel pretty good about it.
Charles Meade: Got it. That is helpful detail, Rick and then maybe a follow-up for Clay. Clay, you talked about that Eagle Ford redevelopment into DeWitt. Could just characterize a little bit more what that was. It sounds like there was at least partly re-fracs, but is that 100% re-frac? Or what was the composition of activity there?
Clay Gaspar: Charles, what we refer to as redevelopment, is basically taking units that look like they're fully developed. And then looking for those downs pacing opportunities, and very unique to the Eagle Ford. What we're finding is, able to feather in these wells that are much tighter spacing into fully developed units and these new development wells, essentially the redevelopment of that are coming in at phenomenal rates. It's the gift that keeps on giving. Now when you complement that with re-fracs on some of the existing wells, we're really finding a one, two punch that continues to provide lots and lots of running room in these areas that, from a map view look very developed. So that's both in the Karnes and in the DeWitt County areas. We're excited about that continued running room, and it gives us great encouragement about our position in the South Texas area.
Charles Meade: Thanks for that detail, Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Charles.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. The Delaware is getting most of the attention and the low CapEx was especially impressive there. But the Eagle Ford was actually the bigger driver of the beat as we saw it. You just talked about some redevelopment wells there, driving the growth. Are there any other changes in Eagle Ford, such as the areas you were drilling or other efficiency gains?
Clay Gaspar: Kevin, this is Clay. Thanks for the question. We actually across the board beat, we had - I was listening to some of the calls and questions last night. Different analysts were picking up on different areas. And I took it as a great complement that across the board, our teams are really performing. So from another angle, you could say, wow, Williston really carried the day, or maybe it was the Delaware. But you're right, Eagle Ford played a very critical role. Unique to our operations in the Eagle Ford, about half of our assets, we run in a more conventional way. About half of our assets in the DeWitt County area, we have a 50-50 partnership, a JV partnership there. And so are -- be a good neighbor. We work with our partners. And sometimes what that means is some quarters we get more opportunity, more activity on that JV than others. This happened to be a quarter, where it got a little bit more of the opportunity. And it's just some really good, some really good potential and really good wells that we're drilling there. So I think it's nothing to extrapolate necessarily, just a little bit of a real nice quarter that we'll take credit on and continue to move forward.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And to follow-up on Betty's question, are the well cost savings you're seeing per foot, is that across all of your areas? Or is that primarily just in the Permian?
Clay Gaspar: Well, Permian has advantage, because we currently have 16 rigs running there and three frac crews. And with that, those economies of scale and those reps and that competition, I mean, we rack and stack all 16 rigs every day on how they're doing. And there's a first place and there's a last place and those guys know, those companies know, those engineers know exactly where they stand. And that healthy competition really adds to it. As opposed to an area like Powder that we have one rig, and we have a part-time frac crew that's a challenging area, to really apply those learnings and really that scale. So when we fast forward and we look at some of those other opportunities, Powder comes to mind is, one, that what is the potential on cost savings and efficiency, there's so much more to be had when we do end up, or able to lean into that. And so really trying to understand what that potential is, and evaluate when does that fit eventually into our portfolio I think that's part of the consideration. Now we're always trying to export the learnings from Delaware and from Eagle Ford and from Anadarko, to all the other areas as well, and they learn from each other. So that competition doesn't just stay inside the basin. We try to provide that that healthy competition and collaboration kind of around the company. And now that we have the Grayson team about to roll in, we're excited about, again, sharing some of those learnings, learning back from them, and that's the nature of culture of this continuous improvement that I pointed to in the prepared remarks.
Kevin MacCurdy: Thanks for the details, Clay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Question, please. First, I think, is for Clay. I want to go back into your comment about Powder River Basin. To some degree, that you become a bit chicken and egg, right? Because right now that you are not having enough of the activity, so you won't be able to improve the unit cost and everything at a substantial pace, or at least that comparing to Permian, or that even Bakken ones that you finished with Grayson. But as a result, that you might have strengthened capital. So I mean, how exactly we should look at it and internally than how you're going to balance that? And what kind of time line we should have in terms of moving to the next level at Permian, in the Powder River Basin for you?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Paul. I appreciate it, and I think it's a really good one. As we think about the Powder, I mentioned it as a complementary asset. The great news is we're going to be able to ride the back of the Delaware Basin and the other really strong basins that are much more mature and developed while we unlock the potential in the Powder. So plan on us having kind of one to two rigs in that realm. And what we're really focused on is productivity understanding spacing, applying some of the learnings that we can around well construction that are material improvements. I mentioned a couple of things. There's a new casing design we just applied. It is a very material cost savings. Those are the kind of things that we'll be able to get our arms around. But it's really on the productivity side, the consistency side that allows us to really understand that productivity side of the equation. Now on the cost side, there's a 100% certainty in my mind that when we scale this up, costs are going to come down materially. And that's on the back of every other basin we've ever worked in, and we've had success with that. And I also know we will never achieve the full potential until we get that. That's the chicken and egg conundrum that you pointed to, I think what we'll get to is we'll run our one to two rigs, we'll be able achieve some of those productivity wins. We'll be able to achieve some of the cost wins as well. But we also can look over the fence. A couple of companies have a little bit more activity. And then we can extrapolate our learnings from the other basins to allow with certain confidence what the potential can be and when will that really start to play a bigger part. To answer the second part of your question, Look, we've got time. Time is on our side. We've got long-term leases. We have a great inventory that allows us to derisk this play in time. So don't think of any of my remarks as all of a sudden, there's going to be a rush capital towards Powder. I just want to keep it on your on your horizon as really valuable piece of our portfolio that probably has, zero value out there in the world from our share price. But one day, we'll be an incredible part of our return of overall value creation and return of capital to the shareholders. And in the meantime, we will continue to derisk this and unlock this potential in a very systematic way.
Paul Cheng: Clay, should we look at your development timeline in a sense that based on the performance of the other basins, like that you will wait until, for example, on the Permian, we start to get a bit more aging. And then, you will slow down over there and then you increase the pace in the Powder River Basin, or that you doesn't really look from that angle?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, certainly, we evaluate capital. I mentioned a strategic board meeting we have annually in September, and this is where we're looking 10 years out and how do all these opportunities fit. What I also mentioned on Slide 11 is the incredible inventory we have in the Delaware Basin. There's a big chunk of that, that's still yet to be kind of on the development kind of Tier 1 ready to go. As we continue to unlock Delaware asset potential, which we still have a lot of unlocking to do there, that puts other things probably a little further out on the runway. But I think it's incumbent on us, to make sure that all of these potentials are understood well in advance of us needing them. And so what I would expect in time, maybe second half of the decade, there'll be more of an opportunity for the Powder to really step in. In the meantime, the front half of the decade, we really need make sure that we're ready for that. And what my signal to you today is we're really pleased with that steady progress that we're seeing.
Paul Cheng: Perfect. Maybe a real quick one, final one from me. Can you compare Grayson with your legacy Bakken in terms of the well cost and the operating costs? Is it one is better than the other or similar? Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Well, there's some important differences. The first thing I would point to and the reason we're so attracted to the Grayson is running room. Additional 300,000 acres, an incredible running room, well positioned for a lot of three-mile development gets us really excited. Now, objectively, the East side of the basin on the reservation where we're at in our legacy position is just better rock, which has been an incredible asset for us to lean on from a decade from the WPX side. And so, we've created some incredible value from that. As we look on the Grayson side, incredible running room, Rick mentioned a lot of stuff, not too long ago was Tier 2 acreage. So it hasn't been developed. And then importantly, with the nature of this kind of rock, we think there's more upside potential in things like refracs and further upside potential from enhanced oil recovery and other ideas further down the road. So really excited about Grayson. From a well cost standpoint, I would say really too early to tell. It will be in the same ballpark. But look for us to gain some efficiencies, as we really think about those rigs holistically for the entire basin, we'll gain some great efficiencies there as well.
Rick Muncrief: Hi Paul, it's Rick. I'll interject a couple of other things. Number one is, yes, number one is that I think the Grayson project, the Grayson acreage, you're going to have slightly less oil cut percentage. But I also think we'll see better margins, because of the control or the inflows we have with the infrastructure there that, which we don't have overall on the legacy position. So, I think that's going to be a net plus for us on that. So, we're excited about it. But thanks for the question.
Paul Cheng: Thank you, Rick.
Rosy Zuklic: We have reached the end of our Q&A session. We want to appreciate everyone for your interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, please reach out to anyone in the Investor Relations team, and hope everyone has a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. 
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. 
 Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover Devon's results for the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2024. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. 
 Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick. 
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It's a pleasure to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us. 
 By all measures, Devon delivered an outstanding set of results in the first quarter that surpassed the operational and financial targets we had set by a wide margin. This start to 2024 demonstrates the impressive momentum that we've quickly established setting the stage for our business to continue to strengthen. At this time, I want to personally thank our employees, our service providers and our infrastructure partners in helping us get 2024 off to a great start. 
 For the remainder of my comments for today, I will focus on the drivers of our first quarter outperformance and the factors underpinning our improved outlook for the remainder of the year. 
 So to start off on Slide 6, let's do a quick review of our first quarter results where we had several noteworthy highlights. Starting with production, our delivered volumes came in about 4% higher than planned for the first quarter, averaging 664,000 BOE per day. This production beat was across all products and driven by 3 key factors. 
 First, and the most significant contributor to this performance was the excellent well productivity we achieved from the 100-plus wells we placed online during the quarter. On average, these high-impact wells exceeded our top curve expectations with strong well productivity in the Delaware Basin, once again, driving our results. Overall, this activity achieved initial production rates that were more than 20% higher than those that we placed online last year. As we progress through this year, I anticipate that these strong recoveries will continue. 
 Secondly, another key factor that drove production higher in the quarter was the improved cycle times we delivered across our drilling and completion operations. Clay will go into much more detail a little later. But simply put, these efficiency gains allowed us to bring forward activity in the quarter and capture more days online than we had planned. 
 And third was a factor that positively contributed to our performance during the quarter was the easing of infrastructure constraints across our Delaware Basin assets. This improvement was directly related to the steps we've taken along with our third-party partners to invest in the build-out of incremental gas processing, compression, water handling and electrification. These crucial capacity additions have positioned us to achieve better run times for our base production and allow us to deploy more activity to the core of this world-class basin. 
 Another notable achievement from the quarter was this team's effective cost management. This was demonstrated by delivering operating costs that were 3% lower than guidance and capital expenditures that were in line with expectations even with an accelerated pace of activity. This positive start to the year puts us in a great position to deliver better cost efficiencies in 2024, especially if we realize incremental savings from deflation as we go through the year. 
 Cutting to the bottom line, the team's comprehensive execution across all aspects of the plan resulted in our 15th consecutive quarter of free cash flow showcasing the durability of our plan to consistently create value through the cycle. With this free cash flow, we continue to reward shareholders through our cash return framework, which was led by stock buybacks and supplemented by another attractive dividend payout. 
 Now moving ahead to Slide 12. And with the strong operational performance achieved year-to-date, we are raising guidance expectations for the full year of 2024. As you can see on the top left, a key contributor to this improved outlook is our 2024 production target increasing by 15,000 BOE per day or 2% to a range of 655,000 to 675,000 BOE per day. 
 To reiterate what I touched on earlier, these higher volume expectations are due to the better-than-expected well performance achieved year-to-date and our confidence in the quality slate of projects that we have lined up over the course of this year. 
 Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production within the confines of our original capital budget of $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion. This level of investment is expected to maintain a steady production profile of about -- for about 10% less capital compared to last year. This program is fully funded at ultra-low breakeven of around $40 per barrel, which equates to one of the lowest breakeven levels of any company in the industry. 
 With our improved full year outlook, we are now positioned to generate greater than 15% more free cash flow in 2024 versus last year at today's pricing levels. This translates into attractive free cash flow yield of 9%, which is nearly 3x higher than what the broader market can offer. With this growing stream of free cash flow, we remain unwavering in our commitment to capital discipline and will seek to reward shareholders with higher cash returns. With our flexible cash return framework, we will allocate our free cash flow toward the best opportunity, whether that be buybacks or dividends. 
 Given that the equity market is still heavily discounting valuation to the energy sector, we plan to continue to prioritize share buybacks over the variable dividend to capture the incredible value that Devon offers at these historically low valuations. 
 So in summary, 2024 is off to an excellent start. We delivered on exactly what we said we would do and much more in the first quarter. Our business continues to get better and build momentum, and this is reflected in our improved outlook for the year. And with the current valuations in this space, the best thing we could do is buy back our stock to capture this value. It's going to be a great year for Devon and the team is energized to build upon this strong start. 
 And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Clay. Clay? 
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. 
 Devon's first quarter outperformance was the result of strong operational execution across the board, where each asset team delivered results that exceeded targets for production and capital efficiency. 
 As Rick touched on, the great start of the year was underpinned by 3 key factors: excellent well productivity, improved cycle times and outstanding base production results. For the remainder of my prepared remarks, I plan to cover asset-specific highlights that are driving this positive business momentum and provide insights and observations that drive Devon's improved outlook for 2024. 
 Let's begin on Slide 7 with an overview of our Delaware Basin activity, which accounted for 65% of our capital investment for the quarter. We operated a program of 16 rigs and 4 completion crews across our 400,000 net acre position in the play, resulting in a production growth of 5% compared to the same period last year. This volume growth was driven by 59 new wells brought online that predominantly targeted the Wolfcamp formation. In aggregate, these wells impact -- these high-impact wells achieved average initial flow rates of more than 3,200 BOE per day. This performance results in the best well productivity from our Delaware Basin assets in more than 2 years. 
 On Slide 8, while we delivered high economic results across the basin, I'd like to drill down on 3 impressive projects that were the biggest drivers of our outperformance for the quarter. On the far left side of the slide, Devon's largest development area in the quarter was the 13-well Van Doo Dah project in our Cotton Draw area of Lea County. With a thoughtful upfront planning and improved efficiencies from our simul frac operations, the team brought Van Doo Dah online nearly 2 weeks ahead of plan. The massive scale of this project was showcased by the peak flow rates that reached nearly 30,000 gross barrels of oil per day. This successful further -- this success further reinforces why I believed the STACK pay potential in Cotton Draw to be one of the best tranches of acreage in all of North America. 
 Another noteworthy project that achieved the highest initial rates of any project in the quarter, was a CBR 15-10 in our Stateline area. This 3-mile Upper Wolfcamp development was made possible by an acreage trade recorded average 30-day production rates of 5,600 BOE per day. Very few projects in the history of the Delaware Basin have reached this level of productivity and the expected recovery from this project are also extraordinary projected to exceed 2 million BOE per well. 
 And lastly, I would like to cover a key appraisal success that we had in the quarter in the Wolfcamp B interval of our Thistle area. This proof-of-concept well came in significantly above our predrill expectations with peak rates for the single appraisal well exceeding 5,000 BOE per day. This positive result adds to our resource depth in the Delaware by derisking approximately 50 locations in the area. 
 While the hydrocarbon stream in the deeper Wolfcamp intervals generally shift towards the higher gas rates, the oil cuts are strong enough for this opportunity to compete very effectively for capital in our portfolio. Given this, we expect to incorporate more Wolfcamp B wells into our future multi-zone developments as we plan for our '25 program and beyond. 
 Turning to Slide 9. We are clearly off to a great start with our 2024 plan in the Delaware. As you can see on the left, our well productivity is on track to materially improve year-over-year. As a reminder, this improvement is driven by returning to a higher allocation of capital to New Mexico, where our inventory depth is the greatest. It is important to note that we have not changed spacing or lateral length to achieve these improvements. Importantly, as you can see to the right of this slide, we're also pairing this with improved well productivity in the Delaware Basin with efficiency gains. The adoption of simul frac across the board segment -- across the broader segment of our activity has been a key driver of compressed cycle times, but the high-grading of rig fleets to also drive down overall well cost is contributing. I want to congratulate the teams for this success, and expect this momentum in the Delaware to continue as we work our way through the year. 
 We included Slide 10 to remind everyone of the recent infrastructure build-out that we either led, participated in or just are benefiting from. Our patience in giving this highly prolific area some breathing room for this infrastructure to mature was the right decision from an economics perspective as well as an environmental standpoint. 
 Slide 11 is an updated view of Enverus's remaining inventory of the top Delaware Basin producers. As you can see from this credible third parties perspective, we have one of the largest inventories among operators in the basin, providing us with a multi-decade resource that will drive enterprise-wide performance for many years to come. While the Delaware Basin is the driving force behind our performance, we do value a diversified portfolio across the very best oil and liquids-rich basins in the United States. 
 I would also like to briefly highlight a few items from those basins. In the Eagle Ford, the steps we have taken to tighten our capital efficiency are yielding results. In the first quarter, we brought online 26 infill wells and a handful of highly successful refracs that resulted in oil growth rate of 7% year-over-year. Importantly, we're able to deliver this growth while spending 13% less capital versus the average run rate of 2023. This improved capital efficiency is driven by less appraisal requirements to tactically advance our redevelopment of the field, along with the benefits of a more balanced program across our assets in DeWitt and Karnes counties. 
 In the Williston Basin, production increased 9% in the quarter. This performance exceeded our internal expectations due to excellent well productivity in the core of the play from our Bull Moose and North John Elk projects and better uptimes from our base productions. For the full year, the oil-weighted production stream for this asset is on track to generate up to $500 million of cash flow for the company. 
 Moving to the Powder River Basin, our activity in 2024 is designed to build upon the well productivity gains we achieved last year where our 9 Niobrara wells increased flow rates by 20% from historic levels. For the rest of 2024, we plan to bring online around 10 Niobrara wells across our acreage in Converse County. The objective of this activity is to refine our view on spacing and optimize completions designs to drive down costs as we advance this area towards full field development. 
 Lastly, in the Anadarko Basin, with the recent weakness in gas price, our capital activity was limited to one project placed online in the first quarter, but the flow rates were very impressive. The Allen pad that co-developed both the Meramec and Woodford formations achieved peak cumulative rates for this pad of 5 wells exceeding 20,000 BOE per day with liquids comprising nearly 40% of the production mix. As we look to the rest of 2024, we're reducing activity to 2 rigs in our Dow JV area and intend to bring online the majority of the activity in the second half of the year to capture the higher gas price expected in the winter months. 
 In summary, I'm proud of the capital-efficient results that our team has delivered this quarter and the strong momentum that we have built as we look to execute on our plan over the remainder of the year and beyond. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a financial review. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. 
 I'll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our first quarter financial results and provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year. 
 Beginning with production. We had very strong results across the board in the first quarter, driving our improved full year outlook. Looking specifically at the second quarter, we expect this production momentum to continue with volumes increasing to a range of 670,000 to 690,000 BOE per day. This expected growth is driven by higher completion activity in the Delaware Basin, resulting from the fourth frac crew we put to work at the beginning of the year in the core of Southeast New Mexico. 
 On the capital front, we remain confident in our guidance range for the full year. Spending will be slightly skewed to the first half of the year, roughly 55% of our budget, due primarily to the cadence of Delaware completion activity. This spending will begin to moderate as we move from 4 to 3 frac crews in the Delaware resulting in a lower capital spending profile in the second half of the year. 
 With regard to pricing, the recent strength in price of oil has provided a meaningful impact to our returns and cash flow generation capabilities. For every dollar uplift in WTI, we generate around $100 million of incremental annual cash flow. 
 On the gas side, we are experiencing weakness in WAHA pricing within the Permian. But as a reminder, our exposure is limited given our firm takeaway and basis hedging. Looking ahead, we expect the situation to improve with the Matterhorn pipeline scheduled to come online later this year. 
 Moving to expenses. We did a good job controlling field level costs during the quarter. Our lease operating and GP&T costs totaled $9.27 per BOE in the quarter coming in below the bottom end of our guidance range. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we expect our field level cost to remain relatively stable, and we feel very comfortable with our full year guidance ranges. 
 Moving to the bottom line. We generated $1.7 billion of operating cash flow during the quarter. This level of cash flow funded all capital requirements and resulted in $844 million of free cash flow for the quarter. With this free cash flow, we continue to prioritize share repurchases in the first quarter. We repurchased $205 million of stock in the quarter, bringing our total activity to $2.5 billion since the program's inception in late 2021. With a $3 billion authorization in place, we have plenty of runway to compound our per share growth as we work our way through the year. 
 In addition to our buyback program, another key use of our excess cash in the quarter was the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend with the board declaring a payout of $0.35 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of June. 
 And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I'd like to give a brief update on our investment-grade financial position. In the first quarter, our cash balances increased by $274 million to a total of $1.1 billion. With this increased liquidity, Devon exited the quarter with a very healthy net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.7x. Looking ahead, with the excess free cash flow that accrues to our balance sheet, we plan to build liquidity and retire maturing debt. Our next debt maturity comes due in September of this year, totaling $472 million, and we'll have the opportunity to retire another $485 million of notes in late 2025. 
 And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Rick for some closing comments. 
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. 
 To wrap up our prepared remarks this morning, I want to reinforce a few key messages. Number one, we're delivering on exactly what we promised to do and then some in the first quarter. Our disciplined execution and outperformance of the plan demonstrates the momentum that we've established setting the stage for our business to strengthen as we go through the year. 
 Secondly, with this great start to the year, we're raising our 2024 production guidance. This improved outlook is underpinned by efficiency gains from excellent well productivity, faster cycle times and better base production results, anchored by our franchise asset into Delaware. 
 Number three, furthermore, this improved outlook is also manifesting in higher free cash flow that will translate into higher cash returns for our shareholders. Given the value proposition that we offer, the best thing we can do is prioritize repurchasing our shares. 
 And lastly, our long-duration resource base is one of the deepest of any company out there. We continue to find ways to add resource. You heard some of that this morning. This was evidenced by our continued success in Wolfcamp B, positive redevelopment results in Eagle Ford and productivity breakthroughs in the Powder River Basin. 
 And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A. 
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A.  Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This will allow us to get to more of your questions on the call today. 
 With that, operator, we'll take our first question. 
Operator: Our first question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. 
Arun Jayaram: Team, I was wondering if you could elaborate on the improvement in the midstream situation in the Delaware Basin. And just talk about -- and one of the questions coming in is just is there any conservative built in to the second half guide given the fact that you outperformed in 1Q despite some of the weather issues? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Arun, I think you're alluding to the infrastructure spend that we had last year, which has cleared up a lot of the gas processing bottlenecks and some of the other challenges that we had around water movement and electricity. The team has done a great job of getting ahead of that. We're spending, call it, $100 million, $115 million a year in the Delaware to build out that compression in the gathering. And as Clay mentioned in his prepared remarks, that served us really well as we walked in here to 2024 and has freed up a lot of capacity and availability for us to move the molecules. 
 As it relates to the back half of our guide, we still feel really comfortable with the guide that we've laid out. We've gotten good progress, obviously, here in the first quarter. We'll continue to monitor things as we progress and provide you guys updates as we move ahead. But needless to say, we feel really good about how things are working operationally in the basin, and frankly, across all of our core areas. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. And maybe one for Clay. Clay, you highlighted how you're seeing good performance from the refrac program in the Eagle Ford. I was wondering if you could shed some more light what types of returns that you're seeing from the refrac program maybe relative to primary development? And do you see an opportunity here in the Eagle Ford as well as in the Bakken for more of this type of activity? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. It is becoming a more core piece of what we do. I think this is on the back of years of trying to figure out what's working, what's not, when you post appraise and kind of look at industry performance. I would say we've got a lot of mixed results. When you start fine-tuning a little bit and look at more recent performance, some of the work that we're doing, you see some really encouraging results. And that's on the back of making sure that we understand the well construction, the opportunity from a geology standpoint, that initial completion design and really focusing on the best opportunities. And then also, obviously, refining our techniques that we're using to do some of these operations. 
 I would say the wells that we are putting online this year, approximately 25 refracs, compete very favorably with the wells that we're drilling on a heads-up basis new well construction. So very encouraged about what we're seeing and I think there's more runway to go. 
 On the Williston Basin, I would characterize the Williston as a little earlier in the process. Again, you draw a big circle around the Williston, you post appraise what the refracs look like, I think it's a little bit more of a mixed bag. I'm still highly, highly encouraged. I mean, in every one of these very prolific basins, it's still -- we're still recovering a very small amount of the total resource in place. And I'm very encouraged about where we sit in a multi-basin resource play company in some very high-quality opportunities to continue to get smarter on how do we create value from these amazing opportunities. And so more to come on that. 
Operator: We now turn to Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: Good to see that inflection in the Delaware this quarter. I'd love you guys to spend a little bit of time talking about return of capital. And in the past, you have leaned towards the variable dividend. There's a noticeable shift towards the share buyback program. Why do you think that's the right decision? And how should we think about the magnitude of return on capital over the course of the year? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Thanks, Neil. As you know, a couple of quarters ago, we rolled out a slight change to our framework and leaned in on 70% of our free cash flow is going to go back to shareholders via our fixed dividend, share repo and then the variable. And then also, we made a commitment to building some cash to the balance sheet to manage the maturities that I referenced in my opening comments. So that continues to be our game plan and our expectations, specific to the share buyback, without question, with the underperformance we saw on a relative and absolute basis last year in the equity market for our shares, and based on all the work that we do internally, all the modeling work we do around intrinsic value, it's pretty clear to us that the best thing that we can be doing with that free cash flow is leaning in on the share buyback. And so that's what you've seen us do the last couple of quarters, and we would expect that to continue as we walk forward into 2024. 
 This pace of, call it, $200 million, $275 million a quarter, currently, that feels about right. Obviously, as we work our way through this year and our capital spending will moderate as we talked about in our opening comments, I think there's even a potential for a little incremental leaning on that as well. But we feel really good about the share repurchase program, the results that we've been delivering there and would expect that pace to continue. 
Neil Mehta: That's helpful. And then the follow-up is just on local gas prices. Obviously, they're under a lot of pressure as we wait for Matterhorn to come online in the Permian. So just any thoughts on timing of that pipeline. And as you look out, big picture over the next couple of years, how long before we need the next pipe, but do we have visibility into it? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. You bet, Neil. This is Jeff again. Great question and certainly something we've been talking a lot about internally and externally. 
 First of all, I'll just say Matterhorn, we expect it to come on at the end of the third quarter, to answer your question directly. I want to highlight that we haven't had any issues moving our molecules despite the volatility that you've seen in WAHA pricing and the kind of the downward trajectory of pricing here over the last, call it, 1 month, 1.5 months. We feel like we're in a pretty good position. Matterhorn is obviously going to help that when we get to the back half of the third quarter. But just as a reminder, we move about 2/3 of our gas out of basin to the Gulf Coast via the firm transport that we have in place. And then another 15% of our Delaware gas is protected via the hedge program that we execute each quarter. So that's helping as well. 
 That remaining gas that is exposed to WAHA, one thing to keep in mind is about 75% of that gas is first a month. So we don't see all the volatility that you are looking at on the screen as it relates to the day-to-day when maintenance issues happen and other challenges out in the basin. So we feel like we're protected pretty well from the bit of exposure that we do have and certainly expect that Matterhorn is going to help relieve some of that pressure when we get into the third quarter. 
 As it relates to other projects, there's a handful of other projects that our teams are engaged in discussions with third-party pipeline providers. As it relates to timing, I can't give you a specific answer, but I do think within the next 6 to 12 months, we'll see another FID in a pipe. And certainly, as you know, Devon historically, we've got a track record of leaning in to help those projects get off the ground, whether it be volume commitments or in the case of Matterhorn, we actually made an equity investment as well. So we're certainly going to be supportive of those projects and -- like most others in the industry, we think that you're going to need another pipeline here with another 18, 24 months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nitin Kumar with Mizuho. 
Nitin Kumar: Good to see the Delaware is back on track. I kind of want to peel the onion a little bit here on Slide 9. It sounds like, based on what Clay was saying, that you expected the productivity improvement as you went back into New Mexico and it's really the drilling and completion efficiencies and infrastructure that's driving the improvement, but could you perhaps help us quantify what was the contribution of the 2 things? And how sustainable that is going forward? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. And the clarification, both Rick and I covered this in our prepared remarks. Number one -- I'm sorry about that. Sorry. Thanks for asking the question and allowing us to clarify this. We both -- Rick and I covered this in our prepared remarks, but there's 3 big contributions to the outperformance. Number 1 on the list, probably 60% of the outperformance was well productivity. That really drove the outperformance. Second was the efficiency at which we're bringing them in. We had a couple of more days online here and there. Cumulatively, that adds up. 
 And then third, very importantly, from a base standpoint, both from a midstream standpoint, from a weather standpoint, just how we're operating our wells, we really outperformed historical performance there. So thanks for the opportunity to clarify that. Maybe we weren't clear on that. 
Nitin Kumar: No. Great. I just wanted to make sure. And I guess my second question is for Rick. We've seen a lot of M&A in the industry. And I know that you've talked about the importance of scale in the new shale business. As you look at the remaining landscape, are you comfortable with your current portfolio? Or are there areas where you feel like you could optimize it further? 
Richard Muncrief: Number one, Nitin, we are very comfortable with our portfolio. We think it's got -- we have one of the highest quality portfolios and we're in multiple basins, what really, I think, plays to our advantage. We'll always look at things, but our -- bottom line is we have a very, very high bar, and we are very comfortable with where we're at. Can we find something that makes us stronger, and we would consider that without a doubt. But at the end of the day, our game plan has not changed. High bar, we recognize the quality of our portfolio. You're seeing the results coming from this portfolio. We feel very good about sustainability. 
 And that's not just our view. It's -- you can look at -- as a matter of fact, we left -- we put a slide in our slide deck just showing our quality of our portfolio versus many of our peers. And so -- at the end of the day, our game plan is, year after year, we want to be right at the top of the leaderboard on capital efficiency, and we'll continue to get that free cash flow we generate back to our shareholders. 
 So -- but as far as the question around consolidation, I think our game plan has been solid for several years now. We had participated, we helped kick a lot of the consolidation all, quite honestly, and worked really well, and that's how we've developed this great portfolio that we have. 
Operator: We now turn to Scott Gruber with Citi. 
Scott Gruber: Just curious with the improved productivity, both on the surface and on the wells in the Permian. Do you feel like the production profile for the full year could be a bit smoother, a bit more stable in the second half? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scott. As we have done in years past, we are front-loaded on capital about 55% in the front half of the year, 45% in the back and that's really driven by that fourth frac crew. Obviously, that comes with more wells online in the front half of the year, more growth. And so think about it when we're running those 4 frac crews, that we are consuming some of the pent-up DUCs. And then we're running 3 frac crews, our production is rolling over a bit, but we're also building a little bit of a DUC inventory. And so as I expect, and we've guided to first quarter is in the bag. Second quarter, we've guided to a little bit of additional growth. Third and fourth, we'll see a little bit of a rollover on the back of lower completions activity and then building those DUCs, we'll be ready to get back to work with a fourth frac crew either late in the year or probably more likely early in '25. 
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then in the prepared remarks, you mentioned the potential to see some additional D&C deflation. Are you starting to see more equipment from particularly the Haynesville migrate into Texas into the Eagle Ford and the Permian and start to loosen the rig and the frac markets up? 
Clay Gaspar: Scott, we are -- we baked in about 5% deflation from '23 to '24. We've continued with that mindset. I think that feels like it's materializing pretty well. There's a potential as we continue to run at this rig rate that we could see a little bit more deflation. But what I would really caution you on specifically to our guidance and why we reiterated our capital range is that we're also seeing a little bit of an acceleration of opportunities, more efficient drilling, more efficient completions, which you know can put a little bit of positive pressure on that near year capital number.
 Now the good news, and I want to make sure we're all clear on this, both deflation and the efficiency gains are accretive to the bottom line of each of these drilling opportunities. So we are winning on both sides. I just want to reiterate that we are reiterating our capital range and still feel good about where we're at there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: Just one for you, Clay, I guess. Looking at Slide 7 on that Delaware plan, it looks like it's going quite good. I'm just wondering, if we looked at that plan, I mean, maybe it's too far to get -- start talking about '25. But when we look at the plan for 2025, how different play -- when we start seeing those areas that are laid out, like the '25 plan look versus '24? 
Clay Gaspar: Neal, thanks for asking the question. We have -- we are reverting back to about the same proportions that we were pre '23 that we are in '24 now. And so that's commensurate with the approximate portfolio ratio that we have, New Mexico to Texas, overall Delaware Basin to the balance of the rest of the company. And so think of '24 as a little bit more of the norm. '23 was a little bit of an anomaly. We moved from about 70% New Mexico to roughly about 60% in New Mexico, and that little bit of inflection was able to be seen in the overall average well productivity. 
 So moving back to 2024 is what we're doing now is a little bit more, I would say, kind of steady state for what we expect rolling forward for '25 and really and beyond. 
Neal Dingmann: No. I would love to hear that. And then secondly, just quickly on Anadarko and Eagle Ford. I mean both are producing about the same. Again, when you think about maybe the exit or again, even '25 on either of those, should we think about those as remaining relatively flattish? Haven't heard you say too much on those. We wonder anything you might add for either one of those plays? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I would say roughly. We will continue to evaluate near-term opportunities there. We continue to be excited about the depth of inventory. We continue to find new things out ahead of us that really aren't even reflected in our current inventory models. So that continues to keep us excited. We're always evaluating what kind of screens to the front of the list. And I think this kind of is really an answer to both of your questions. 
 Remember, the wells that we're bringing online, specifically in the Delaware because it's just -- it's leading our performance. A couple of years ago, these didn't screen nearly where we're seeing the results today. So our optimism about a couple of years from now, what's really coming up in the portfolio in all of our basins remain very high based on the fact that we've got a lot of smart people chipping away at really good ideas on how to always improve those recoveries a little bit more and operationally just do it a little bit more efficiently. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: Congrats on the quarter here. I'd just like to come back a little bit on comments from the opening about potentially repaying debt and trying to think about the uses of cash in terms of does it make sense to pay down debt given your balance sheet is already strong? Is that -- is there another use of cash we should think about here in terms of either more back to shareholders or has been asked a little bit earlier, something on the acquisition front, like build a little cash in front of need? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Roger, this is Jeff. Again, we remain committed to the upcoming debt maturities that we have this year and next year. We continue to believe that in this business with the volatility that we have, the wide swings that we can have in commodity prices from, frankly, day-to-day, week-to-week, certainly quarter-to-quarter. It's important for us to maintain that strength in our balance sheet and that stability. And frankly, it just provides us a lot of optionality to go do, whether it be incremental share repurchases or should we find the right opportunity, as Rick described on the acquisition front, that will be an option for us given the capacity that we'll have within the balance sheet. 
 But at this point in time, we're going to continue to focus on building a little bit of cash to the balance sheet to handle those upcoming maturities, and then we'll see where things go from there. 
Roger Read: Fair enough. The other question, just to come back on the, let's call it, broadly the efficiencies -- capital efficiencies, completion efficiencies that are on Slide 9. If you had to think about it from a -- kind of placing a credit, let's say, within the overall deflationary environment, the difference between lower rig rates or lower frac costs relative to the improvement? What would you say is the more important one? 
Clay Gaspar: Between those 2, I would probably push a little bit more to the completions because you're -- it's just a bigger ticket. But I would put ahead of that some deflation we're actually seeing in pipe. We -- in the steel costs in '23 was by far the highest category. We've seen that roll over pretty materially. Hopefully, there's more to come there, but we're pretty objective about overall well cost. We feel good about our guide where we're at now. As I mentioned earlier, I'm hoping for a little bit more inflation, but I'm also very realistic that the efficiency gains that we have make me hold the line on our capital guide. 
Roger Read: If I could, I just kind of wanted to clarify the question. So if I'm thinking about the efficiency gains, like, for example, more footage per day relative to a lower cost, just flat cost of services, kind of which one do you think you could lean into more aggressively here? Is it continued efficiencies on a footage per day basis or lower cost just directly from the service companies? 
Clay Gaspar: I think we continue to make great ground on the efficiencies, the days -- foot per day -- days spud to TD. I see those numbers continuing to head the right direction. The inflation, deflation, actual rig cost itself, that's somewhat -- we run with the market there. We're always pressing for the best opportunity, and we always evaluate service providers based on their own capabilities and what that cost is. 
 So we're not beholding to one particular company or one particular category, we're pretty objective about taking the best opportunity to create the most value for our bottom line. 
Operator: We now turn to Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. 
Kevin MacCurdy: Congratulations on a good quarter. As a follow-up to the question on production trajectory, I know it's still early in 2024, but what kind of optionality does your ex rate give you for 2025? You were initially targeting flat oil this year, but better results are resulting in small growth. Is this new full year guide kind of the new maintenance level heading forward? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would say it's a little too early to talk 2025, but certainly, as I mentioned in a prior question, we model, we have good models. We have internal looks for '25, '26, and then we always reserve the right to get smarter. So I would expect our '25 internal expectations, which we haven't talked about publicly, to continue to migrate up as they do in prior years. But I don't think it materially moves our expectations of what we're doing now. 
 In my mind, this is something that is kind of standard operating procedure on what we're doing. We always expect our D&C teams to move more efficiently. We're always expecting our production teams to be a little bit more operationally savvy and efficient. And then for the subsurface folks, building in that creative magic to extract just a little bit more of the resource and be a little bit smarter on how we do this overall. And I think that's the part I'm excited about and what I continue to see as we roll into '25. 
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And as a follow-up, you guys have made a number of successful midstream investments over the years, including Matterhorn. What would be the catalyst for you to start to realize the value of those assets in any near-term monetization plans? 
Richard Muncrief: We'll always look at what we think is the right time when midstream multiples are clearly differential, if you will, to where we're at. And how that butts up to our strategy and making sure that we continue to deliver our commodity, and we get the -- we have the influence that we need. And so it will probably come in due time, but it's something we'll continue to monitor, and we try to keep a pretty close pulse on that. 
 Jeff, anything else you want to add there? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: No, I think you said it well, Rick, which is it really is a function of the evolution of the kind of the life cycle of the asset and where we are on that. And as Rick mentioned, we've tried to be opportunistic with those investments, certainly want to support projects as needed and where we can put some equity to work as well, we're not adverse to doing that. 
 And as Rick mentioned, from a governance standpoint, there are some situations where we want to have a little bit more control, but usually, as those assets mature, that tends to dissipate, and that likely becomes a time where we'll look at the market dynamics and consider some sort of exit or monetization. But I feel good about where we sit today with the investments that we have in hand, and they've served us well as we're working to move our molecules. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. 
Charles Meade: Clay, I know you feel there's a number of questions this morning along the lines of you guys had this bang up quarter to what extent should we expect that to continue. And I understand you're reluctant -- you should be reluctant to commit to that publicly. You're probably reluctant to commit to it internally. But I'm going to try to trick you when you're talking about it in a different way. And here's the question. It was really helpful the way you guys allocated the 60% well performance with the balance between cycle times and easing infrastructure constraints. But the question is, to what extent is that -- is there interaction between that well performance and the easing infrastructure constraints?
 So my understanding is that there's a lot of -- there's a lot of new well pads in the Delaware that could be producing higher but for these above bound constraints. And so is that easing above your industry that enabled you to deliver those -- the rates that you've highlighted on those 3 Delaware pads? 
Clay Gaspar: I think that's a great question, and I'll take a little bit of that -- I'll take some of that bait and pursue it. And by the way, we're always happy to talk about operations, beats the heck out of something else that's more asymmetric to our objectives. 
 Referring back to Slide 9, we talk about 2 things: the well productivity and the completions efficiencies. And then in our, both Rick and my prepared remarks, we talked about really 3 components and adding on that base. That base outperformance was really critical as well. As I think about overall proportionate, about 60% of the outperformance really was the well productivity, maybe 20% or so was bringing forward those projects more days online, and about 20% was just uptime really associated with less constraints than we saw in '23 and really historically. 
 Now that does not say that we didn't have any constraints. There's advantages and there's disadvantages of working in the hottest basin around the world. And that's really the Permian and more specifically, what we're seeing in the Delaware. Jeff's gotten questions on the midstream buildout. We're very highly tuned in on that. But it's not just gas. We watch water, we watch oil build-out, processing, the electrification, all of those categories, we have to juggle in a 4 or 5 dimensional kind of chess way to develop this incredibly prolific resource. 
 The other complication specific to the Delaware is the number of landing zones, and that continues to evolve. We highlighted the Wolfcamp B as something that will probably play a larger differential role. So as we roll that in, we also need to think about the changes to that infrastructure and the needs. 
 One of the questions you asked along the way was, do our wells have anything kind of held back because of infrastructure constraints? And I would say, categorically, yes, there's always something. We're not going to push volumes into a system that just doesn't want those systems. We're not going to pay -- we try and minimize paying basically disposal fees for gas. And then we also are very thoughtful about our flaring percentages. We've incredibly drawn that down. We made really good progress over the last few years and we certainly don't want to reverse course on some of those gains. So there's a lot going on. Really, really pleased with the team's performance and happy to be here to represent the team on such a successful quarter. 
Charles Meade: And then just one quick clarification for a follow-up. When you say 60% well performance, is that new wells brought online, the performance of new wells? Or is that the new wells plus the base? 
Clay Gaspar: It is the new wells. I'm separating 60% for the new wells, that 20% that I talked about in the base is the existing wells kind of the other base activities that are also performing -- outperforming what we had baked into the forecast. 
Operator: We now turn to Scott Hanold with RBC. 
Scott Hanold: Clay, a lot of talk on the Permian, but it sounds like the Bakken really pivoted quite a bit this quarter too. And I'd be interesting to hear any kind of color on the high grading. And what can we expect from that through the course of the rest of this year in terms of like when the next completions are coming in? And is it very similarly targeted in the same areas in spacing? 
Clay Gaspar: Scott, we've loved the Williston Basin for a long time. In '23, we probably pushed a little harder than the infrastructure and the well productivity was ready for. And so we've slowed that down. And again, just a great move to improve that capital efficiency, we have the benefit of a franchise asset in the Delaware Basin that gives us that latitude to not over accelerate into wells or infrastructure that's not quite ready. And so what you see on the Bull Moose and the North John Elk are some core of the basin opportunities that we needed to wait until all the stars aligned to be able to bring online. 
 We've actually got another rig back out there drilling some more core basin wells, about 10 of them that will come on either very late in the year or first of next year. Again, it's all baked into the plan. But that's probably the consistency, the approach that we're going to take rather than being forced into consistently running a rig and probably pushing some wells in that weren't quite ready for prime time. We're going to take the opportunity to drill what's available, release that rig, bring it back in when the next opportunity presents, and you'll see incredible results from it. Again, the Williston Basin continues to prove the quality of that asset, the oil cut. As Rick pointed out, the incredible amount of cash flow that comes from that basin is very valuable to our bottom line and the core of what we believe is the right business approach for our organization. 
Scott Hanold: So just to clarify on that then, should we expect quarter-to-quarter some gyrations in production, but like year-on-year, should it be relatively flat in terms of production? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I would say roughly, that's correct. But certainly, as we're bringing on a pad and then it's absent for a while, you will have some peaks and valley in the Williston. I hope that doesn't disrupt the visuals, it should kind of flow into everything else we're doing. But yes, as we are a little bit more selective, again, I believe it's the right approach in this asset, you will have some growth some quarters and some rollover in others. 
Scott Hanold: Got it. And then turning back to the Permian, the Wolfcamp B. How extensive is that in terms of what you think is upside to identify the inventory beyond that 50 locations? And are there other zones that you're looking at that would add to the focus locations as well? 
Clay Gaspar: Well, it's interesting. We talked about the Wolfcamp B a couple of quarters ago, kind of highlighting success there as well. It was just in a different part of the basin. The B obviously extends all the way across the Delaware Basin. This was an area that we really haven't drilled. It's a little bit more Northeast on our position in the Thistle area. And it's a little less mature, certainly from the B. I think there's 3 wells that have produced the B, the first 2 were just kind of so-so, and so our expectations were pretty moderate. 
 But again, as we're thinking about developing these areas, we wanted to really put a modern completion on and give our best kind of try and see what it looks like. It's significantly outperformed. And so with the approach that we're taking today, we're really excited about that differential uplift. 
 The 50 wells is really just in our Thistle area. We have other B wells that we will be bringing on in other wells -- excuse me, other areas of the basin as well, those are above and beyond the 50. We'll continue to hunt for and more opportunity. The reason we highlighted this Thistle is this is not reflected in our inventory. This is more of that upside that we're bringing forward that now competes very favorably for the capital investment today. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Matthew Portillo with TPH. 
Matthew Portillo: Maybe a question for Clay to start. On the Anadarko, good to see a slowdown in the drill bit capital here. It sounds like dropping down to 2 rigs given the commodity price environment. I was curious if you have any updated thoughts on the 60 to 70 [indiscernible] for the year? And then, I guess, looking ahead to a more constructive environment beyond kind of 2024, what's the opportunity set to potentially accelerate this asset in a more constructive gas price environment? 
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question. We've got a great partner with Dow. And so this is something that we want to make sure that we're being good partner, and we're working in coordination with them. So I certainly don't want to get ahead of myself. What I can tell you is we've been very aligned, continue to appreciate not just the value creation from the partnership, but the nature of the partnership. I would say if the right opportunity presented, my belief is that we would be aligned in accelerating. 
 Now what I have to tell you is I'm looking at the forward gas curve, and it's just -- it continues to be pretty challenging. Again, with the balanced portfolio that we have, our ability for the Delaware Basin to really carry the company, we just don't see the need to push dollars into an area that's not being fully rewarded. Now that said, with the Dow carry and with the work that our midstream team has done to really extract the most value we can for this commodity, we are doing actually pretty well on these returns. Not Wolfcamp A well, but really know that we're still creating value. 
 So we'll continue to run 2 rigs in the Dow JV area, continue to look for those opportunities above and beyond and then even extend potentially the Dow JV beyond where we're at today. Again, great partnership, enjoy working with that team, and I think we both benefited very well from it. 
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then maybe just a longer-term question on the gas front. Curious if you might be able to provide us an update on just how you're thinking about your LNG strategy and kind of the marketing of gas molecules on a global perspective and any updated thoughts on the Delfin perspective? 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Matt, this is Jeff. Yes, we continue to have interest in getting some exposure to the water as it relates to both on the oil and the gas -- on the gas front. Specific to LNG, we're having active conversations with different folks, including Delfin, as you mentioned. That continues to progress. No new updates beyond what you've heard from us in the past. But without question, we want to get some exposure to the LNG market as it relates to our gas molecules. And as I mentioned earlier, with the Delaware gas, we're in a significant portion of that to the Gulf Coast. Some of that goes into the Katy market. We've got incremental capacity that takes us away from Katy into the Louisiana kind of the hub where a lot of that LNG demand resides today and will get that built out into the future. 
 And so we feel like we're well positioned to take advantage of that incremental demand and again, having active conversations with multiple parties. 
Scott Coody: All right. Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. It looks like we've made it through the queue of questions. If anything else comes up later on the day, please feel -- please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's call has now concluded. We'd like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone and welcome to Devon Energy Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover Devon’s results for the past year and our outlook for 2024. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott and I appreciate everyone taking time to join us this morning. For today, my comments will be centered on four key themes: Devon’s accomplishments in 2023, the catalyst of our improved outlook for 2024, the depth of the resource we possess in our portfolio, and the strategic priorities that will drive our free cash flow allocation going forward. Now beginning with the fourth quarter, we exited the year with a solid quarter of execution, highlighted by production that exceeded the top end of guidance, meeting consistency across all products. Disciplined reinvestment resulted in our 14th consecutive quarter of free cash flow and we took steps to increase cash returns by stepping up the pace of our stock buyback. These positive results rounded out another successful year for Devon, where we achieved several key milestones that I am extremely proud of. On Slide 7, you can see we delivered production growth rate of 8% in 2023, resulting in new high all-time production for oil. This healthy growth rate was also paired with returns on capital employed that outpaced the S&P 500 by a substantial margin for the third straight year. With the free cash flow our business produced, we rewarded shareholders with an impressive cash return yield of around 10% that was balanced between buybacks and dividends. As I touched on during the last call, our team has done a great job of designing a plan to deliver improved capital efficiency in 2023 – excuse me, 2024. With the current industry conditions, we still believe it is prudent to deploy a steady capital program designed to optimize returns while maintaining volumes around levels where we exited 2023. Importantly, we expect to deliver this production for 10% less capital versus last year, funded at a WTI breakeven price of around $40. In conjunction with this outlook and given the confidence that we have in the underlying health of our business, the Board has approved a 10% increase to our fixed dividend payout. Now looking briefly at the trajectory of our capital and production profile in 2024 on Slide 9, we plan to be spending to be slightly elevated in the first half of the year due to the addition of a fourth completion crew in the Delaware Basin. Due to timing of completions and recent curtailments from extreme winter weather, we expect first quarter production to be the lowest quarter of the year. However, we expect volumes and capital efficiency to move higher over the remainder of the year. In 2024, a key contributor to our improved capital efficiency will be the well productivity improvements we expect to achieve in the Delaware Basin. Turning to Slide 12. And with the easing of constraints across the basin, we plan to concentrate roughly 70% of the Delaware’s capital in New Mexico while optimizing the remaining activity across our acreage in Texas. This allocation to New Mexico is meaningfully higher than what we were able to deploy during 2023 and is more in line with our historic activity in the basin. Overall, this refined capital allocation is expected to increase well productivity in the Delaware by up to 10% on a year-over-year basis. Given that two-thirds of our Delaware Basin inventories in New Mexico we anticipate being able to sustain our pace of activity on both sides of the state line for the foreseeable future. With this advantaged acreage footprint, you can see on Slide 14 that we have one of the largest inventories among operators in the basin, providing us with a multi-decade resource that will drive our enterprise-wide performance for many years to come. The quality of our Delaware weighted resource base combined with our disciplined strategy positions us to generate a differentiated amount of free cash flow for many years to come. As you can see on Slides 15 and 16, our business is set to deliver a free cash flow yield that is up to 3x that offered by the broader markets. With this free cash flow, we are targeting a cash return payout of around 70%, while earmarking the remainder to further strengthen our balance sheet. With our flexible cash return framework, we will judiciously allocate our free cash flow towards the best opportunity, whether that be buybacks or dividends. Given that the equity market is heavily discounting valuations in the energy sector, it’s an easy decision to prioritize the buyback over the variable dividend to capture the incredible value that Devon offers at these historically low valuations. Slide 19 helps better visualize this compelling value proposition. On the right, you can see energy represents less than 4% of the S&P 500 while contributing more than 10% of the EBITDA in 2023. This is noteworthy given the energy’s S&P weighting historically tracks its earnings contribution over time. I believe this gap exists due to extreme valuations in tech, combined with a pervasive misunderstanding of hydrocarbon demand over time. With global energy demand forecasted to increase 50% by 2050, the world is going to need growth from all sources of energy, including oil and natural gas. With the world’s power needs continuing to grow, it is evident that peak oil demand is nowhere in sight, and our industry will be an important contributor of energy growth for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, high-quality names like Devon, provides significant equity upside over time as you collect outsized cash returns. And as I said earlier, this is why we are putting our money to work actively repurchasing shares. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick and good morning everyone. The Devon team did a really good job of rounding out 2023 by exceeding our operational targets for the fourth quarter. These positive results were driven by three key factors: number one, improved uptime, driving base production; number two, increased efficiencies through faster cycle times, resulting in lower capital per well; and number three, better new well productivity, improving our wedge production volume. Slide 5 provides a good visual of these favorable operating trends. The chart on the left highlights the efficiencies we have delivered in our drilling and completions operations. On the right, you can see this track record of efficiency gains is also paired with some of the best well productivity of any producer in the U.S. While these results can certainly vary from quarter-to-quarter, our consistency over time demonstrates the quality of our assets and execution capabilities. The most significant contributor to this advantaged capital efficiency was our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin. In the fourth quarter, roughly 60% of our capital was deployed to this prolific basin allowing us to run a consistent program of 16 rigs. With this activity, we brought online 62 new wells, grew productivity 6% year-over-year and expanded our DUC inventory, allowing us to add a fourth completion crew earlier this year. While we had strong results across our acreage position, in the quarter, the top contributors to our performance were several large pads within our Cotton Draw and Stateline areas. At Cotton Draw in the core of the basin, we brought on 11 3-mile laterals that showcased the stacked pay potential and prolific rates this area can deliver. These extended reach wells were diversified across five different producing intervals in the Avalon, Bone Spring and Wolfcamp formations. In aggregate, the oil weighted production from these wells achieved a 30-day rates of 4,400 BOE per day with impressive per well recoveries trending as high as 4 million BOE. In addition to the high rates at Cotton Draw, we also delivered record-setting drilling and completion times. This performance included a record completion pace of 3,100 feet per day and drilling times for these 3-mile laterals came in as low as 19 days with the final mile drilled in a record time of just over 24 hours. Another standout performance during the quarter and possibly my favorite in terms of naming convention was our [indiscernible] project in the Stateline area. [indiscernible] was named by a geologist after the style of playing the banjo that his dad used in their family jam sessions. The good news for him and his family is that these wells are fantastic. This 8-well pad consists of 2-mile laterals, co-developed in multiple intervals in the Wolfcamp A. With production rates averaging 3,900 BOE per day, this package of wells delivered the highest well productivity per lateral foot of any project during the quarter. As I look ahead to 2024, I expect another big year for the Delaware Basin as we have a great slate of projects lined up. We plan to bring online around 215 wells for the year with most of the capital deployed towards the best parts of our acreage in Southern Lea and Eddy counties and the Stateline area of Texas. This plan is designed to deliver improved capital efficiency and better well productivity through the full column of development of the Upper Wolfcamp, along with select landing zones in the Wolfcamp B where applicable. The derisking of multiple targets in the Wolfcamp B over the past year has allowed us to pursue more extensive multi-zone developments in 2024, bolstering our high-quality inventory, delivering higher net present value per project and still delivering exceptional rates of return. Turning to Slide 13, to build upon Rick’s comments from earlier, we are confident in our ability to deploy more capital to the core of the Delaware, because of a long list of improvements in infrastructure. These improvements include 2 Bcf a day of processing additions – gas processing additions, expansions to the downstream gas takeaway, enhanced water handling capabilities with our WaterBridge joint venture, build-out of gathering and compression and investment in self-generated power and microgrids to increase the reliability of the electrical infrastructure. With these improvements, we are very well positioned to execute on our 2024 plan. In fact, year-to-date, we are delivering at a pace ahead of schedule, allowing us to fully offset the winter weather downtime we experienced in January across the field. Shifting to the Eagle Ford. The successful integration of our Validus acquisition was one of the key drivers of the production increase of 56% during 2023. With our enhanced scale in the basin, the team did a great job of capturing synergies by driving improvements across each phase of our operations. This progress can be seen through several indicators, including year-over-year 15% decrease in production costs, a 30% plus improvement in completion cycle times over the course of the year and we set a company record spud to rig release of only 5 days. Our activity during the year continued to demonstrate that the Eagle Ford provides one of the most promising opportunities for resource upside in the U.S. shale. Through tighter redevelopment spacing and refracs, our capital program not only replenished, but expanded our risk resource in the play to an inventory runway of around 10 years at today’s pace of activity. Looking to 2024, our key focus for the Eagle Ford team is to sharpen capital efficiency by incorporating appraisal learnings from the past year, along with more balanced activity across DeWitt and Karnes counties. This plan is expected to deliver single-digit production growth for roughly $75 million less capital over last year. In the Rockies, we possess a unique combination of assets that can provide both growth and free cash flow specifically in the Powder River Basin we are building upon the well productivity improvements achieved over the past couple of years, where the average 6-month cumes increased nearly 20% from historic levels. A recent highlight was the SHU [indiscernible] 3x well, which reached peak rates in Q4. This 3-mile Niobrara well achieved initial production rates greater than 1,500 BOE per day with an 85% oil cut and then hung in at that rate for quite a while. In addition to the strong oil productivity, the [indiscernible] attained a record drilling performance of 1,350 feet per day, a 45% improvement compared to the average Niobrara well. In 2024, our efforts will be focused on refining spacing, reducing costs and continue to ready this asset for full development in the later part of this decade. In the Williston, I want to thank the team for safely working through the incredibly severe winter storm weather that we experienced in January and rapidly restoring affected production. As I look into 2024, our focus for this asset will be to optimize base production, deploy selective investments to high-confidence projects, and harvest $300 million of field level cash flow. So far this year, our capital program is off to a great start with our bull moves project maxing out our production facilities at over 15,000 barrels of oil per day with several of the wells flowing 3,000 barrels per day or more during their flowback. Lastly, I’d like to briefly cover our activity in the Anadarko Basin, where we delivered an 8% production growth rate during 2023. The 3-rig drilling program funded by our Dow joint venture, delivered very impressive well production. The value of this production was also enhanced by our ability to route volumes into the premium Southeast gas markets and by the team driving operational costs 10% lower. In 2024, we plan to maintain a similar pace of drilling activity in the Anadarko with a keen focus on developing the liquids-rich window of the play, where returns from our joint venture activity will benefit from higher condensate cuts. And with that, I’ll turn the call to Jeff for financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I’ll spend my time today discussing the highlights of our financial performance in 2023 and the priorities for our free cash flow as we head into 2024. Beginning with our fourth quarter financial performance, Devon’s operating cash flow totaled $1.7 billion, exceeding consensus estimates and represents the highest quarterly total of the year. This cash flow comfortably funded our capital spending and resulted in $827 million of free cash flow, driving full year free cash flow to $2.7 billion. Even in the face of headwinds from lower commodity prices, this level of free cash flow ranks as one of the highest in Devon’s 50-year-plus history. Another powerful example of the consistent financial results, our disciplined strategy can deliver. As Rick touched on earlier, with this free cash flow, we’re targeting a cash return payout of 70% with the remainder reserved for balance sheet improvement. Slide 23 in the appendix is a good exhibit representing how we allocated our cash returns in the most recent quarter. Given the compelling valuation of our equity, we prioritize share repurchases over the variable dividend. This resulted in us repurchasing 5.2 million shares in the fourth quarter at a total cost of $234 million. In 2024, we’ve continued to actively acquire shares through our 10b5-1 program, and we plan to supplement this with systematic buying with open market purchases during the year. With plenty of runway remaining in our $3 billion buyback authorization, we see Devon’s current valuation as a great opportunity to compound the per share growth for our investors. In addition to our buyback activity, we delivered investors an attractive stream of income through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. In the fourth quarter, we declared a dividend payout of $0.44 per share that is payable at the end of March. This dividend consists of the Board’s approval to increase the fixed dividend by 10% to $0.22 per share and declare a variable distribution of $0.22 per share. We continue to believe dividends are a great way to reward shareholders and are a critical contributor to total returns over time. We also believe that the flexibility designed into our dividend framework allows us to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions through the cycle. Moving to the balance sheet. Devon’s investment-grade financial position continued to strengthen in the fourth quarter with cash balances increasing by $144 million to a total of $875 million. In addition to our strong liquidity, we exited the year with low leverage marked by a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of only 0.7x. Looking ahead with the excess free cash flow that accrues to our balance sheet, we plan to build liquidity and retire maturing debt. Our net debt maturity comes due in September of this year, totaling $472 million and we will have the opportunity to retire another $485 million of notes in 2025. So in summary, our financial strategy is working well. We have successfully scaled our business to consistently generate free cash flow. We are boosting per share results by opportunistically repurchasing our shares. We offer a dividend yield that far exceeds that of the broader market and the balance sheet is in great shape with a clear pathway of continued improvement over the next few years. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. So to wrap up our prepared remarks, I want to reinforce a few key messages. Number one, Devon is a great company that has created a tremendous amount of value for shareholders since we unveiled our industry-first cash return strategy announced in 2020. Since that time, we’ve deployed $13 billion to dividends, buybacks, debt reduction and accretive acquisitions. I’m extremely proud of this accomplishment, but we’re just getting started. . 2024 is setting up to be another wonderful year for Devon. By incorporating learning’s from the past year and refining our capital allocation, we expect to deliver a step change improvement in capital efficiency this year. This improved capital efficiency is anchored by our assets in the Delaware Basin, where we expect to deliver the powerful combination of improved well productivity for much lower capital cost. Our long-duration resource base underpinned by the Delaware is one of the deepest of any company out there. The resource quality provides us an advantaged platform to drive attractive per share growth and outsized cash returns for many years to come. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott, and let’s have some Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We’ll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Operator: Perfect. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We do have our first question registered comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Neil, your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thank you very much for Rick and team. Rick, I know over the last year, you’ve talked about some of your frustration around execution on the oil volume side, that is going to be an important year for that operational inflection. It does seem like we’re seeing some evidence of that with capital efficiency and holding the 315 oil guide so. Maybe you could just give us your perspective on whether we’re at that inflection point from an ops perspective?
Rick Muncrief: Neil, that’s a good question. We have expressed our frustration, I think, in the market really – we really traded down on some of our variances we saw last year in our production volumes. But even though they were minor from a volumetric standpoint, they weren’t from a stock performance standpoint. So I think the setup is really good for investors as we look forward. So it is going to be, I believe, point of inflection for us as we’ve mentioned. Really bullish about our performance, the team has done a wonderful job, getting us through some tough weather. We’ve seen some increased productivity. I think Clay went through the assets really well, and we’re seeing nice growth on the oil side coming out of this first quarter as we enter second, third, fourth quarters of this year. And I’ll also say, Neil, I feel really good about the next several years on our ability to keep our crude volumes where they’re at. I think that it’s – we’re still early. We still are not getting what I think is a strong, strong signal for demand. But when that call comes, I think we’ll be ready to step up for it. But we really feel good about the trends we’re seeing.
Neil Mehta: Yes. And just maybe to build on this is my big question for Clay – but just can you talk about what you’re seeing in terms of well productivity that gives you confidence in your ability to hit or exceed that 315 oil number this year?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Neil. This is one of the frustrating things about a publicly traded company. We get to see what’s coming. We get to see what’s happening well before the market does. And so where I can see the improvement internally in the well productivity from the first half of last year to the second half of last year, those numbers are just starting to hit the public markets and through the public sources. And so I think that’s pretty evident for those that are paying attention that this is not first quarter ‘24, we decided to turn on the production. This is an evolution. We wanted to make some really thoughtful investments in the future of the company. We did that. The market, I believe, responded pretty vigorously to that. We’ve since made some changes in the planning, the well delivery, the well performance is really significantly taken an uptick. As I mentioned, even late last year, you see some of that coming through the public sources. We’re going to – it’s really going to manifest in 2024 and as Rick mentioned, we’re just off to a really good start, even recovering from a pretty severe storm that we saw somewhere 1% to 2% impact. We always bake in winter weather, but an event like that was pretty out of the norm. The productivity of the wells, the performance we’ve been able to overcome that, and we feel really good about delivering – being able to deliver the ‘24 full year numbers.
Neil Mehta: Okay, thanks, Clay. Thanks, Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Arun, your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. Rick and Clay, you’ve highlighted your expectations to deliver up to 10% well productivity gains in the Delaware Basin. I was wondering if you could maybe help us provide more details on what is driving that? It sounds like there’s going to be some high grading for Monument Draw to Southeast of Mexico. But I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what’s driving that and – and if completion optimization is also a driver of better year-over-year productivity?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Arun. I think both things come into play. The big headline thing is just a refocus to more where we’ve historically allocated our capital kind of in the core of the basin predominantly where our inventory, our portfolio lays out between New Mexico and Texas. I would say ‘23, especially first half of ‘23, was a little bit of an anomaly on where we were allocating that capital, and we needed to do some work from the infrastructure standpoint, but also really understanding where all these fit together. We’re benefiting tremendously from that work, from that infrastructure build-out, and that’s where we’re seeing the improvement really late ‘23 to what we’re showing today. On the completions question, I wouldn’t point to it’s a big knob that we’ve changed on – excuse me, like a sand concentration or how we’re doing, what we’re doing, but the team is working every single day to think about how do we do it better, how do we touch a little bit more rock and how do we do it more cost effectively. And I can tell you we’re winning on all fronts. These are small wins at this point, some relatively mature way of thinking about these assets, but really, really pleased with the continued improvement there, and that shows up in the numbers as well.
Arun Jayaram: Great follow-up, Rick, Devon, as you know, has been linked to a few M&A deals in the financial press. I was wondering if you could just comment on where you sit today in terms of your A&D strategy, and how you gain some of the inorganic opportunities versus, as Jeff mentioned, the ability to buy back your stock at a 9% kind of free cash flow yield today?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Very good question. Arun, our answer has really not changed that much over the last several years. We’re going to continue to evaluate opportunities. When you’re in five basins, you have some great opportunities in all five of those, and we watch that. We stay attuned to those opportunities as they become available or it’s the right time for us to think about that. So I think we’re going to continue to see the high bar. We’re going to – it’s got to be – it has to have some accretion, it has to have the industrial logic that we have always talked about. And it just has to make us a better company. And if it fits in that framework, man, I think that’s our job is to create value for shareholders. And so we’re going to do that. We also have been advocates for consolidation. I think some of the transactions that’s been announced that I think that’s the – I think they’re positive for the industry. And it just shows that we are a depleting industry. And so you always have to replenish. That’s your portfolio that’s not changed. It’s not changed since the beginning of this industry. And so we’ll always be active. We’ve got a great team. We’ve got great analytics, capabilities in-house, and we do our own internal analytics compare that with what you see out in the public market and adjust. But once again, we’re going to be very, very measured very disciplined. And we will make – we will make some – I think the right decisions, and that does include the binder stock back because I can tell you that at these levels, we are very, very attractive. Great question.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, guys.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Arun.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Nitin, your line is now open.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks, guys. Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. Rick, I’ve heard you saying just a multiple times today that buybacks are very attractive, especially at these levels. But as I look at fourth quarter, the mix actually favor dividends, including a variable payout a bit. Not to nitpick or anything like that, but just want to understand what drove the decision? We applaud the 10% increase on the base even what drove the decision for the variable dividend? And how should we see that evolve in 2024?
Jeff Ritenour: Nitin, this is Jeff. Keep in mind that there is some variance in the timing of the variable dividend payout, right? So when we announced it, it actually gets paid in the subsequent quarter. So maybe that’s what you’re alluding to as it relates to the mix. But with our framework going forward, we’re going to simply each quarter, focus on delivering about 70% of our free cash flow back to shareholders in the form of that fixed dividend, which, obviously, we grew at 10% here on a year-over-year basis. That’s the first and foremost going to be a priority for us, and we’re going to look to continue to grow that on an annual basis going forward. Then beyond that, we’re absolutely biased towards leaning in on the share repo here in the near-term. And frankly, the variable dividend will fall out of the back of that based on that 70% threshold that I hit on earlier. So we’re going to continue to expect to have a higher mix of buyback going forward. And that’s going to be our priority as we walk it through this year.
Nitin Kumar: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. And then my next question is really for Clay probably. Clay, impressive improvements in operating efficiencies, days drilled, days completed. Just curious, is there any specific technologies that you would point to that have helped you achieve those? And I guess never say never, but where are we in terms of those efficiencies? Are we getting to some sort of baseline? Or do you think we can continue to deliver those types of improvements?
Clay Gaspar: Nitin, it really goes down – goes back to just the core operating team. These are highly talented, highly motivated individuals that are absolutely trying to do the right thing ultimately for the shareholders they work for. Now I will remind you, this is the same team working just as hard with just as much creativity this year as they were last year. What we found is we really needed to focus. We underestimated what a slight change in capital efficiency during the first half of ‘23, meant to investors. I think that was way over extrapolated into us running out of inventory, not being able to do this anymore. We lost our minds, all that good fund. And what we showed is like hang on a second. We still have the capabilities. We’ve got some really impressive inventory, some great quality. And importantly, these are hard-working impressive people that continue to find a way to do it better each quarter. And this is so many things below the radar that don’t always show up in the [indiscernible] data, don’t show up in the financials. I can tell you, we’re winning on lots and lots of fronts and there’s more that to come. So really excited about the go forward. I think we’ve got some good transparency in our slides on quantity of resource, quality of resource. I expect in ‘24 that we will regain a little bit of public mojo, but that, to me, is just – it’s a little overdue. So looking forward to sharing that win with the team.
Nitin Kumar: Great, thanks, guys.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Nitin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Doug, your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, guys. This is actually [indiscernible] on for Doug. So, thanks for taking me on. For my first question, I want to go back to the buyback, just to follow-up. I want to understand the motivations behind the strategy for ‘24. Shifting capital back to the Delaware and the margin is obviously an efficiency shift and that makes sense, but in tandem, you’re also leading back into the buyback and that looks rather intentional. So can you talk about why you see the buyback as a preferred allocation today? And why has that changed over the past several months?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet. So again, on the buyback front, what’s pretty clear to us as we kind of walk through our framework for evaluating share repo, versus the other capital allocation opportunities that we have, whether it be organic investment, inorganic investment that Rick spoke to earlier, whether it’s M&A or otherwise, and then when we step back and look at the valuation, we look at the multiples, we look at our intrinsic value model that we keep in-house and run multiple sensitivities on that. Every which way we turn, what we keep coming back to is the – our shares look undervalued relative to the broader market relative to the sector and certainly relative to the results that we expect to post as we walk our way through this year. So – that really has been the driver and our focus going back half of last year and as we walk into 2024, and it’s why we’re biased towards having the lion’s share of our cash returns be focused on the share repurchase going forward.
Clay Gaspar: And if I could, I just want to clarify – I’m sorry, I just want to add one comment on that prior question. I think it’s a common misconception the way we lay the numbers out that we are leaning in or that we’re increasing capital to the Delaware somehow accelerating, that’s not really the case. We are the same rig count, same level of activity. The capital is actually coming down, not just in the total company, but in Delaware, but where we’re seeing the 10% inflection from the company is really a reduction in some of the other areas. So proportionately, Delaware is moving up, but on an absolute basis, we’re not consuming that inventory any faster than we had in ‘23 or years before.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. I appreciate that. That’s where my follow-up will go. So I’m wondering if the reduction in the capital in these other areas, what kind of permanent does that have? Is it sort of a stop gap as you figure out what’s going on in the Bakken? Or is this now the direction of the program?
Clay Gaspar: Was the question [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: [indiscernible]
Clay Gaspar: Can we do it multiple years? I’m just making sure I understand the question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. How many years can you run this kind of capital program?
Clay Gaspar: Okay. Alright, thank you for that. Sorry. The acoustics in here weren’t quite right. Sorry about that. Yes, I think in pulling back the activity, for example, in the Williston Basin, that prolongs that basin’s opportunity to continue to deliver free cash flow and offset some of that fall in production with some really healthy wells. What we found is we were pushing a little too quickly, a little too much capital to that asset by having the multiple basins that we do, having our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin. It allows us to take a little bit of pressure off that team, allows them to really make sure that all the ducks are in a row ready for that next pad. And then selectively, we’re going to fund those. And as you saw with the bull news that I talked about on the call, these are phenomenal. These are awesome returns, and we’ve got more of that to come.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the comments.
Clay Gaspar: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist. Neal, your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. Clay, first question for you. It’s on your Delaware infrastructure and takeaway. I’m just wondering, after adding so much [indiscernible] where you talked about adding so much processing, gathering, compression, water – just wondering now, are you all able to handle the continued notable upside that’s going to come with the development plan or will there be a continued build-out?
Clay Gaspar: We feel really good about being able to effectively produce. Remember, we are really watching our flaring. We don’t want to have unnecessary shut-ins. We are reliant on so many third parties. We wanted to make sure that we had that runway ahead of these very prolific pads coming online. We want to make sure we have that. We do feel very confident in that today. And remember, it’s not just our immediate wells. We’ve got some really high-quality offset operators that know what they’re doing as well. It’s a phenomenal basin, and we have to make sure that all of that plays together very nicely. And so that we have the reliability in the infrastructure to bring these wells online and make sure we ultimately get them to market.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, it makes sense. And then my second is just on the Eagle Ford, specifically. Can you give details – I think you talked about 85 to 95 well plan, I’m just wanted to focus here be on existing key areas like you’re doing in the model and just maybe talk about any improvements we should think about specifically in this area?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for that question. I’m really excited about the Eagle Ford. One of the things, unlike a lot of other areas, we’ve continued to test downspacing tighter wells, subsequent well after the initial development has been done, bringing additional wells in, which is really not very favorable in most basins, it tends to work and continue to provide upside in the Eagle Ford. Now when you pair that with some of the refrac activity, we can actually feather in new wells, refrac some of the existing wells, and we’re seeing phenomenal results. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are continuing to expand the runway there without any M&A dollars without – just from the existing footprint, the opportunity set continues to expand and these are very prolific, very accretive to the bottom line kind of numbers that we’re really excited about.
Neal Dingmann: Great to hear. Thank you.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Neal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners. Kevin, your line is now open.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey, good morning. My first question is on the capital budget. We appreciate that the $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion range is a significant decrease year-over-year. But if we look back at last year’s budget, we noticed that the range is wider both on absolute dollars on a percentage basis this year. I was wondering if you could provide any color on what might put you at the low end of that range versus the high end of the capital range. Is that driven more by deflation, turning lines or midstream spend?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. It’s interesting, Kevin. One of the first thing that comes to mind for me is the efficiency that I talked about in a couple of my slides, you guys know this very well. We’ve been at this game for quite a while. Sometimes that efficiency can pull more activity into the calendar year. Look, this is not our first rodeo. This is February. We’re already watching that for the full year. We’re committed to this range. But if I had to think of what could cause us to kind of float to the upside, it’s probably that kind of work where you’re seeing more opportunities bring some of that activity from ‘25 into ‘24. I think on the downside, there’s – we’re early in the year. I think the supply chain deflation opportunities are still – we’ve got a 5% year-over-year kind of baked in. I feel good about that. I feel very confident we’re going to be able to deliver that. As the year plays out, we really need to see where that changes over time. My current crystal ball doesn’t see a lot of inflation, but there’s certainly deflation opportunities in that number, and that potentially could allow us to float down to the lower end of that range.
Kevin MacCurdy: I appreciate the detail on that. And as a follow-up, the Eagle Ford had a strong production quarter, and it looks like the CapEx guidance for that asset is fairly consistent year-over-year. Can you talk about the production and capital efficiency outlook in the Eagle Ford? And if there’s any major changes between 2023 and 2024?
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Kevin, this is Rick. One of the things that I’ve been really proud of over the last 12 to 18 months is coming on the heels of the Validus acquisition, what we have been able to learn at a solid acreage. It’s – I would say it is second, certainly to our Black Hawk acreage. But the thing about it that we need to remind investors of and analyst is that on the Black Hawk acreage, it’s a 50-50 joint venture with BPX. BPX operates the drilling and the completion of that. And what we felt it was really from a – not only a productivity increase, but also just a strategic perspective, we thought it was imperative that we had an asset that we owned that we did the drilling that we did the completions on. The 5-day well that Clay referenced a while ago, I can tell you that absolutely exceeded anything that we had in our Validus development plan. So when I look at that, look, now we’re having some very, very meaningful discussions with our joint venture partner there. And they’re very constructive, and I think it’s going to lead to even better performance over time in the Eagle Ford. I’m really pleased with what we’re seeing with the refrac program. It’s going to continue to drive some – I think, some long-term sustainability down there that a lot of people, I think, are underestimating. So I’ll turn it over to Clay to add any additional color, but the Eagle Ford is an area I can tell you that we’re very excited about.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for those comments, Rick. I think that’s spot on. Kevin, the only thing I wanted to add is, I do show a relatively meaningful drop, probably about like a 10% or so drop in capital, about $75 million, a rough number I had from ‘23 to ‘24. And again, that’s with single-digit production growth on top of that. Now, there is some well mix in there. We have a joint venture partner on part of the assets. We own the rest. We operate kind of a normal fashion. So, there is some change in mix. But from a capital efficiency standpoint, things are moving in the right direction, and we continue to see upside potential on this particular asset.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Scott, your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. The 10% improvement in productivity that you forecast in the Permian is normalized on a 10,000-foot lateral. Is there going to be a step-up in lateral length in the play as you refocus on the quarter, or is that going to be rather consistent?
Clay Gaspar: Scott, it’s pretty consistent year-over-year. We are always trying to drill longer laterals. It’s kind of the opportunity set in front of us. We are always – we feel very confident in our ability to deliver three-mile laterals from a productivity, from an operational standpoint. The land mix doesn’t always allow for that. So, we are going to be north of two miles, but not too much north, and it will be fairly consistent year-over-year.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And then just a nuance one on the 1Q guide. Last quarter, you provided that 305 of oil per day. Today, you are guiding for 640 with a 2% weather impact. But 640, 48% is oil cut, you are kind of still around maybe even slightly better than that 305 figure than last quarter. So, the question is, is the underlying trend in oil production slightly better, and it’s just being offset by a bigger weather impact, or is the weather risk that was incorporated in that original 305 guide kind of similar to what actually transpired?
Clay Gaspar: Scott, I think it’s really the well mix. We have got some wells coming on, the Williston wells are exceptionally high oil cut. We continue to bring those in. I think that’s just working in our favor in that regard.
Scott Gruber: Okay. And I appreciate it. Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Scott, your line is now open.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Thanks. If I can delve into the infrastructure a little bit more. On Page 13, you obviously bucket three areas that you are focused on in terms of building support for the 2024 plan. As you think about the Permian development over the next 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, like which area really are you focused most primarily on to make sure you are executing on the plan? Like where do you see the risk of the biggest constraint, I guess is the question?
Clay Gaspar: Scott, is all of the above an option. No, I mean seriously, any one of these things gets constrained and you are dead in the water, or at least constrained. And so we work really hard to not just build what is the best rate of return opportunity set in our portfolio, but we are very thoughtful about modeling our own infrastructure, even modeling third-party infrastructure if we don’t feel that they do an adequate job. And then there is the occasional curve ball where one of the third-parties maybe even in the electrification front, can’t come through with their normal pace. We need to have enough flexibility, enough forethought, enough creativity to be able to solve some of those problems essentially for them. So, one of the things I mentioned is building out more of our own electrical infrastructure. We have about 700 miles of electric lines in our basin already. We generate some of our own power. We have our own micro grids. And this is really taking the bull by the horns out of necessity, because otherwise, the local power providers were not going to be able to keep up. So, those are the kind of proactive steps that we really leaned in probably with double effort in ‘23 because some of these historical norms have really changed, and we want to make sure that we didn’t just bring on a bunch of wells and then be abnormally constrained and have to answer questions about why our wells are so terrible. So anyway, I feel really good about the work that we did in ‘23 that we continue to do in ‘24, but look, we are not out of the woods. We continue to look at infrastructure needs in ‘26, ‘27 and ‘28. We are working with partners as best we can, and I really think we have a great runway ahead of us. But the team is always on caution to make sure that we are prepared for those unforeseen challenges.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Thanks for that. And as my follow-up, it’s going to be on M&A. And I was hoping to get a deeper sense of how you think about M&A. And it’s really two parts. One, first, if you can comment on some of the recent deals that have been out there, if you all participated and really what was the gives and takes of why – if you did, why Devon didn’t went out. And then number two, you all mentioned obviously, you are a multi-basin player, but like when you think about like does Devon have the scale right now that it would like? And if you were to add, would it be really most a Permian thing, or are other of those basins open to more significant M&A for Devon?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, it’s Rick. I will field that one. Number one, I really like the scale that we currently have. We have a deep resource base across our five basins that we are in. So, I feel really good about that. Now, we are always – as I mentioned earlier, we are always going to be looking to be opportunistic to add resource, to add investment opportunities at a reasonable value, at an attractive value for our shareholders. I think that’s just really incumbent upon this management team to always being on the hunt there. That being said, we are going to be very disciplined. Some of the recent transactions, I think that were out there that were announced. When I look at the metrics on those, those were rich, it really were. And others, there have been a couple of them that were hats off, very nice deals that we certainly weren’t participating in those processes, but good for them. And that’s great, congratulations. But for us, I want to just continue to drive on the point. We are going to continue to be disciplined and we have to balance short-term accretion with long-term, how that fits in for the long haul for Devon. We are a 50-year-old company. We are not a 5-year-old company. And we have to be really, really thoughtful about that. And so we will continue to look for opportunities, but we are going to maintain that discipline. And at the end of the day, we have a deep, deep resource base. And I think that’s something that, that is incumbent upon this management team that we have to continue to drive home and we have to demonstrate not only how we execute, hitting numbers, exceeding whatever that is, but we just have to do a wonderful job in working with the outside community, outside investors on the resource that we have in-house currently.
Scott Hanold: And regionally, is there an area you focus a little bit more time on? Is it Permian, Bakken, Eagle Ford, like are all areas of focus?
Rick Muncrief: I think for us, we are going to stick to our strategy. It’s real simply put. We want to stay as oily as we can for as long as we can. And I think we are seeing that play out in real time with – I am not sure we got where gas prices are as we sit here this morning again, but it’s up $2. That’s not a good spot to be in. And so for us, we want to stay as oily and as liquid rich as we possibly can because throughout the entirety of my career, that’s been the place to go. Now, we are all – I think we all are optimistic about what the future of natural gas could be. And we spent quite a bit of time in D.C. talking about the importance of tone, the importance of consistency with some of our public policy, those sorts of things, and then our foreign trade policies. And so we – so for us, I think near-term, to answer your question, we are going to be very interested in oil-prone basins. Oil is going to drive the margins for the foreseeable future, and that’s kind of where we want to be.
Scott Hanold: Thanks for the color.
Rick Muncrief: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Charles, you may proceed with your question.
Charles Meade: Good morning Rick, Clay and Jeff. Rick, I want to ask a question about your Delaware Basin completion crews. And more specifically, if you could give us a sense of the composition of the four fleets you are running right now, whether those are all zipper fracs or whether there is any some are frac crews in there? And we are – in the bigger sense, where I am going with this, has there been any thought or is there any possibility of adjusting that mix to – so that you are more on a steady state program there?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. I am going to let Clay answer the balance of that. But just in real time, just yesterday, I was talking to our – one of our completion managers down there and we are picking up the fourth crew as we mentioned, but the three that have been out there, the – it’s incredible, Charles, on the efficiencies and what we are doing out there. The number of stages and it’s interesting, there is – it’s healthy competition between the team members and certain of the companies that are involved with it and we are actively comparing and contrasting ways that we can get better and better. And at the end of the day, we want to make sure that we do this very, very safely and efficiently. And so we are constantly changing every pad has its unique characteristics. But I can tell you that more and more, we just see these efficiencies that are just incredible. And things that just 12 months ago, we knew that you would see some efficiencies, but we are exceeding some expectations. Clay, why don’t you maybe some follow-up Charles.
Clay Gaspar: We have more simul frac coming – we are completing today, and more to come throughout the year and go forward. One of the challenge of simul frac, you really need to plan that 12 months or 18 months ahead when you are planning the well site location, how many wells on one particular location, because that enables more ability to do some of that. So, about 12 months ago, we started really kind of leaning in, building a little bit larger number of wells per pad instead of separate pads. That allows more simul frac opportunity, which we are seeing great results, and we are continuing to benefit from. We are also testing some very interesting things where we artificially tie pads together with some big lines between the two. So, there is some really creative stuff. But again, it’s a little below the radar, typically of what we talk about on earnings calls. But I can tell you that the teams are doing just amazing work and really adding material value through these efficiencies to the bottom line of Devon. So, really appreciate the great work there.
Charles Meade: Got it. And then, Clay, I want to go back to your prepared comments, you were talking about – I think I heard you talk about some additional landing zones in the Wolfcamp B, and I am not sure I kind of – I caught it all when you were talking about it. So, I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit on that and perhaps including your answer, an indication, is this something that you are going to be – that you are working into the ‘24 program, or is this an out-year sort of project?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I think sometime last year, we are deep in the penalty box. We talked about the highlights of some of the great work that the team did around understanding the Wolfcamp B. Now, that work is manifesting and more of that be coming to kind of that front end of the priority list, really competitive, super accretive, and we are incorporating that landing zone into some of the development that we have during the course of ‘24 and beyond. And so here is how I would characterize it. This is landing zones that we knew were viable. We needed to test. We needed to understand. We needed to try some different configurations to really find the best approach. During the course of ‘22 and ‘23, we did that. We optimized a development approach. And now in ‘24, we are benefiting from some of that. So, again, it probably was lost in some of the shuffle last year, but this is work that we did during the course of ‘23 that we are significantly benefiting from. This expands what I would consider some of our really Tier 1 runway. It’s stuff that was a little further out in the priority on a risk basis as we de-risked it what it really has moved to the front of the pack, and we are really excited about the continued good work there.
Charles Meade: Thanks for added detail.
Clay Gaspar: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from Cowen. David, your line is now open.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. I appreciate the time. Rick or Clay, I wanted to ask just, you talked about – Rick, obviously or Clay, the total dollar amount for the Delaware actually coming down this year, it looks like you are still obviously growing that asset. You guided obviously to a slight decline, I guess at a corporate level, I am wondering, when you think about capital allocation, should we be consistently thinking about the Delaware as a growth asset over the next several years, given the visibility that you have now where you can be allocating capital to within that basin?
Clay Gaspar: I think it’s – I would put it in the same category as Devon. We are a low growth kind of zero to 5%. Delaware will play a certain role. Some quarters, some years, it’s going to be a little bit of a tick up. Others, it’s going to be relatively flat. But I wouldn’t think of it as a standout growth asset. We are really pleased with the year-over-year performance. As I mentioned, it did grow. We also were able to build a few extra DUCs during the course of the second half of last year that we were able to capture the benefit of in the first half of this year. So, there is kind of that going on in the background. But I wouldn’t say it’s materially out of step with overall Devon or with the other basins.
Rick Muncrief: Hey David, it’s Rick. I will add that when we talk about it being flat to up slightly in the Delaware, that’s on the oil side. And as you think about an improving – structurally improving gas and NGL structure, you will see growth there. So, I think you can look at it from an equivalent standpoint, it is a growth basin and it’s going to continue to be. That’s what drove a lot of our 8% growth as a company last year. And so I think you are going to see that continue to play out. That’s not only true of us. That’s true of the entire Permian Basin, whether it’s on the Midland side or the Delaware side, you are going to continue to see gas production, NGL production continue to grow even in a flat oil scenario.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks Rick and Clay. And maybe just Rick, one of the, I guess other parts of the capital budget that continues to grow every year, albeit still small as carbon capital. In a world where you are trying to enhance returns of capital to shareholders, could you kind of contextualize how you see that spend generating returns for Devon as a whole and why that’s sort of seeing a larger piece of the pie this year, albeit small?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. I think it’s a really good question, and it’s a really important topic for us, only as Devon, but as an industry, and it’s something we are going to stay ahead of. We have changing regulations. Devon wants to make sure that we stay ahead of the curve. And these regulations are coming at us quickly. What a lot of people don’t understand is some of these regulations coming are so onerous that many of the low-volume wells that we have across this nation are going to end up being plugged. And so you are going to see oil and natural gas wells that basically are stripper wells, as we always reform to that are such a low volume. They just quite honestly, they cannot afford to spend capital on. And it’s just – it’s going to be a fact of life. And so there are studies by API and some of the other trade groups talk about that impact, but it is real. So, what Devon wants to do, we want to make sure that we are ahead of the curve, as I have said, and it’s something that we will – I think you will see over time is going to continue to creep up for the next 2 years or 3 years. We want to be very thoughtful about that and prudent with it and strategic about it. But it is something to – that we all just have to deal with. It’s a fact of life.
David Deckelbaum: And just for my own edification, is that capital being earmarked for projects that would allow you to prolong production on some of these wells such as increasing methane capture, or is this capital associated were tied to plugging and abandoning some of those wells that would be more regulatory headaches?
Clay Gaspar: David, what I would characterize most of it is, is retrofitting in existing facilities with better designs to lower emissions. And by the way, keep us well ahead of this coming regulation wave. So, you could look at this out of necessity. I think we are half a click ahead. We try and stay well ahead of just necessity. But these are regulations that we will always make sure that we are staying in front of to continue to reserve our important rights as an organization to provide energy to fuel the world. So, thanks again for the question, David.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks guys.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we have run a little bit past time here. So, I appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone, and welcome to Devon Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and updated outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It's a pleasure to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us. For today, I plan to focus my comments on the trajectory of our business for the remainder of 2023 and highlight the steps we're taking to further improve capital efficiency as we head into 2024. Now let's start with a brief review of our financial and operating performance. In the third quarter, Devon delivered a production per share growth rate of 10% year-over-year. This strong growth rate was fueled by our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin, accretive acquisitions and an opportunistic share repurchases over the past year. On a barrel of oil equivalent basis, our total volumes were within the guidance range, but oil volumes were slightly softer due to select well performance in the Williston coupled with minor infrastructure constraints in the Delaware. We will cover the Delaware in greater detail later in the call, but these constraints were temporary and have a visible pathway to correction with the industry's ongoing build-out of infrastructure. Turning to capital for the quarter. With our disciplined plan, we've kept reinvestment rates to just over 50% of cash flow. This resulted in our free cash flow more than doubling versus the second quarter, and we rewarded shareholders with a 57% increase to our dividend payout. In the fourth quarter, we expect Devon's production to be around 650,000 Boe per day of which oil is expected to approximate 315,000 barrels per day. Now as a reminder, we dropped our fourth frac crew in the Delaware midyear to replenish our DUC inventory and the impact of this lower completion activity will lead to a minor decline in our production versus the third quarter. We've also modeled in the effects of project timing and weather impacts, some of which we've already experienced. However, we do expect our financial performance in the fourth quarter to be very strong with operating margins set to expand and free cash flow to be quite robust. Overall, the fourth quarter is set up to round out another successful year financially for our company. And while we have certainly faced some challenges this year, we're on track to deliver one of the best years in our 50-plus year history in terms of returns and free cash flow generation. Importantly, as we head into 2024, our focus remains the same. We intend to deliver growth on a per share basis and maximize free cash flow generation, while balancing the need to appropriately reinvest in our business for the future. To achieve these objectives, we have incorporated our learnings over the past year, pushed service costs lower and sharpen our capital allocation to deliver a step-change improvement in well productivity and efficiency. Now on Slide 8, we outlined the key attributes underpinning our improved outlook for 2024. First and foremost, with continued volatility in commodity pricing, we believe it is prudent to conduct – construct a capital plan with consistent activity levels to maintain production at a level around 650,000 Boe per day with oil at approximately 315,000 barrels per day. With ongoing macro uncertainty and with the ample spare capacity that OPEC+ possesses, we have no intention of adding incremental barrels into the market at this point in time. This disciplined approach reflects our commitment to pursuing value over volume and shareholders will benefit from our high-graded slate of development projects designed to enhance capital efficiency and returns on capital employed. To deliver this production profile in 2024, we anticipate a capital investment of $3.3 billion to $3.6 billion. This level of spending represents an improvement of 10% compared to 2023, and we expect to fund this program at pricing levels below $40 per barrel. In summary, we see delivering flat production for 10% less CapEx. Now turning to Slide 9. Our improved capital efficiency in 2024 is driven by concentrating more than 60% of our spending in the Delaware Basin. Our plan will shift a higher mix of activity to multizone Wolfcamp developments in New Mexico, which is the core of the play as infrastructure constraints have eased over the past and will continue over the coming months. We also plan to high-grade capital activity across other key assets in our portfolio. This includes limiting Williston Basin activity to only our highest impact opportunities and decreasing activity – appraisal activity in the Eagle Ford. With this refined capital allocation, we expect to improve well productivity by 5% to 10% in 2024, anchored by our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin. And lastly, we expect our capital efficiency to also benefit from improved service costs as contracts refresh over the next few quarters. Now with this operating plan in 2024, we are positioned to deliver free cash flow growth of around 20% in 2024 at $80 WTI pricing. As you can see on Slide 11, with this strong outlook that translates into a uniquely attractive free cash flow yield of 11%, which is up to 3x higher than what the broader equity markets can offer. Simply put, this is one of the most critical aspects of the Devon plan. On Slide 12, with the stream of free cash flow, as we've done in the past, we plan to target a cash return payout of around 70%, which is in line with our average annual payout to shareholders since we unveiled this industry-first model in 2020. A key priority heading into next year is to continue to grow our fixed dividend. We believe the certainty that comes with a fixed dividend is valued by shareholders and is better capitalized within our equity price, especially if the yield is competitive with that of the broader markets. With the remainder of our free cash flow, we will stay flexible as we always have been by judiciously allocating toward the best opportunities, whether that be increased stock buybacks, variable dividends or taking additional steps to improve our balance sheet. However, given our current stock price, we expect to pursue buybacks at a level that will most likely result in our variable payout being below the 50% threshold in the near term to capture the incredible value our equity offers at these trading levels. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Clay for a rundown of our recent operational performance.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick and good morning, everyone. For today, I plan to focus my comments on our Delaware Basin operations as well as outlining the actions we plan to take to sharpen our capital allocation and drive efficiencies in our business over the next year. Let's begin on Slide 15 with an overview of our Delaware Basin activity, which accounts for roughly 60% of our capital spending for this year. With this level of investment during the quarter, we ran a consistent program of 16 rigs and brought on 59 new wells. Well productivity was very strong with 30-day rates averaging 3,000 Boe per day and improved average productivity combined with the benefits of elevated completion activity in the first half of the year drove another quarter of production growth from our franchise asset. That said, our growth rate in the quarter was held back by a few wind and lightning storms that impacted power for our facilities as well as our third-party infrastructure. These storms stranded a few thousand barrels per day during the quarter. The infrastructure and the wells are back online, and we don't see any negative impacts on the ultimate recovery of these wells. On Slide 16, you can see our impressive well productivity in the Delaware Basin during the quarter. It was highlighted by three important projects. On the far left of the slide, Devon's top result for the quarter was the Bora Bora project. Developing the Upper Wolfcamp at our Todd area, with 30-day rates from Bora Bora, averaging 4,600 Boes per well, with the cost coming in under budget, these returns are expected to be well into the triple digits for this project. Another noteworthy project was our CBR 17 development in Texas, where 30-day production rates averaged 4,100 Boe per day per well. The CBR 17 results were enabled by a 3,000-acre trade completed about a year ago that I highlighted on the previous call. This key trade, which unlocked our ability to pursue extended reach laterals by extending our laterals to two miles for this project, we added several million dollars of net present value in this project alone. On the right, another key result for us was the Haflinger project, where we co-developed multiple zones in the Wolfcamp A and B. While rates were restricted due to infrastructure, recoveries on this are on track to reach 1.5 million Boe per day per well – excuse me, per well. With solid returns from our Wolfcamp B appraisal today, we now plan on bringing forward of this opportunity by co-developing the Upper Wolfcamp where possible in the future activity. Looking forward to the project level details, Slide 17 provides a nice visual of the well productivity we achieved in the Delaware Basin during the third quarter. On the left, as I touched on earlier, 30-day average rates for the Delaware wells we brought online reached 3,000 Boe per day. These high-impact wells exhibited a 20%-plus improvement from the first half of 2023, reaching the highest quarterly level in more than a year. This performance is great to see, given our well productivity over the past year has been held back slightly by elevated appraisal requirements and infrastructure constraints. The 2023 infrastructure constraints resulted in a shifting a portion of our capital to less prolific areas in the basin and at times, constrained peak rates across a subset of our new wells. As you can see on the right-hand side of the slide, we also made progress improving our cycle times across our drilling and completions operations in the basin. Third quarter results were highlighted by our completion space exceeding 2,000 feet per day for the fifth consecutive quarter, and we drilled several pacesetting wells that achieved spud rig release times of less than 15 days. With the momentum we've established, we believe we can build upon these results and capture further efficiencies and as we head into 2024. Turning to Slide 18, as Rick touched on earlier, we're excited about the plan we have in place to drive improved well productivity in the Delaware with our 2024 plan. With the ongoing industry build-out of infrastructure in the form of electrification, compression, localized processing and downstream takeaway, we plan to allocate approximately 70% of our capital to the Delaware Basin and specifically to the core of New Mexico, while we can optimize the remaining activity across our acreage in Texas. As you can see on the chart on the left, by refining our focus on high-impact Wolfcamp zones in the core of the play with less appraisal requirements, we expect Delaware productivity to improve by 10% in 2024. Looking beyond 2024, we have a long runway of high value inventory in the Delaware that positions Devon to deliver highly competitive results for the foreseeable future. As we've discussed in the past, we've identified more than a decade of risked inventory across the Delaware and we expect to steadily replenish this inventory over time as we successfully characterized the many upside opportunities across this back play resource. In addition to our internal estimates, there are plenty of third-party services that can provide in-depth evaluation of our resource base. A great example of this on Slide 19 and that references the recent Enverus Permian inventory report. While I won't go through all of the details on the slide, there are three key takeaways you should have. First, one of the – we have one of the largest remaining inventories of any operator in the Delaware. Second, the quality of this inventory is excellent with returns exceeding a PV-10 breakeven at $40 WTI. And third, we possess significant upside to our risk resource from many known geological viable zones that have yet to be fully characterized. So in summary, with the Delaware accounting for roughly 60% of Devon's total risk resource, we're going to be delivering some excellent results for quite some time. And with that, I'll turn the call to Jeff for a financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'll spend my time today reviewing our financial performance in the third quarter and discussing our cash return approach for the future. In general, revenues and expenses came in line with expectations for most categories in the third quarter. However, high natural gas price realizations and lower tax rate due to R&D tax credits taken in the quarter drove our earnings beat versus the Wall Street consensus. Putting it all together, operating cash flow totaled $1.7 billion in the third quarter with capital reinvestment rates at 52% of cash flow, generating $843 million of free cash flow and more than twofold increase versus the prior period. With this free cash flow, a key priority for us was to strengthen our financial position. In August, we paid off $242 million of maturing debt, and we bolstered liquidity with cash balances increasing by 56% to $761 million. With these actions, Devon exited the quarter with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of just over 0.5 turn. Moving forward, we plan to add to our financial strength in each quarter by committing around 30% of our free cash flow back to the balance sheet. This will allow us to further pare down our absolute debt balance with repayment of roughly $1 billion of maturities coming due in 2024 and 2025 and maintain a minimum cash balance in excess of $500 million. Cash returns to shareholders increased materially in the third quarter. Based on third quarter results, we declared a fixed plus variable dividend of $0.77 per share, an increase of 57% from the prior quarter. This dividend payout represents an attractive annualized yield of over 6% at today's share price. In addition to the dividend, we have a $3 billion share repurchase authorization in place. To-date, we've repurchased 400 million shares at a total cost of $2.1 billion. With this program, we are on pace to decrease Devon's outstanding share count by up to 9%. Although we temporarily paused our repurchase activity in the third quarter, retire debt and – excuse me, and to build cash, we continue to review buyback – or we continue to view buybacks as a critically important tool for us to compound per share growth for investors over time. As Rick stated earlier, we'll target 70% of free cash flow for cash returns to shareholders moving forward. With the recent weakness in our share price, investors should expect us to be an aggressive buyer of our equity once we come out of the earnings blackout and the general weighting of cash returns to be balanced towards share repurchases and our growing fixed dividend over the near term. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. I would like to close today by reiterating a few key messages from our prepared remarks. Number one, we plan to incorporate our learnings from the past year, tighten a few things up and refine our capital allocation in 2024 to deliver a step-change improvement in capital efficiency. Number two; this improved capital efficiency is anchored by our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin, where we expect well productivity to improve by up to 10% year-over-year. Number three, with our long-duration resource base, we have a depth of inventory to deliver sustainable results through the cycle. And number four, we are deeply committed to a disciplined pursuit of per share value creation and our carefully designed cash term framework that has the flexibility to allocate free cash flow across multiple avenues to optimize shareholder value. We've demonstrated that and we'll continue to do so in the future. And now with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. This will allow us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Doug, your line is now open, please proceed.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for having me on. Rick, obviously, the issues in the Bakken and North Dakota are obviously well telegraphed at this point. Your commentary in the slide deck suggests that you’re taking steps to improve productivity. I wonder if you just walk us through what some of those steps are in terms of how the market can get confidence in the results. And at the same time, perhaps you could address your latest thoughts on inventory depth in that asset.
Rick Muncrief: Good question. One of the things that we’ve talked about in improving productivity, really across the company is focusing on capital program as we go into 2024. Obviously, throughout this past year, we’ve done a fair amount of assessment across our resource base and virtually all of our basins. And so I think that what we have learned, we’re going to watch the performance from those wells that we did the assessment on. And then furthermore, as we’ve talked about, really zone in on some of our most productive areas. And so I think while the market may not have fully appreciated the value of assessment work, we know over the long haul that’s how you truly build inventory organically, and it’s very, very helpful for us. So I think that’s the thing that investors need to watch for is we’re going to stay very focused there. Can you repeat the second part of your question?
Doug Leggate: Yes. And just for Mr. Coody, this is not a second question…
Rick Muncrief: Okay. I was expecting it then. Yes, so…
Doug Leggate: Yes, inventory in North Dakota.
Rick Muncrief: Right. Well, I mentioned the – that’s how you can build inventory organically. And I think that that’s the thing I really value about the staff that we have here. We’ve got the depth and the breadth, and we talk about the resource that we have here in-house. And so at times you need to spend a little money assessing some of those resources. That’s what we’ve done in 2023. And so what you’re hearing us say today, we’ve learned some things, we’re tightening some things up, and we’re going to watch some performance, and we’re going to be very, very focused going into 2024. Clay, you have anything, you want to add to that?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Doug, I’ll just add to that. I appreciate Rick’s comments. And one thing we’ve learned, we’ve been very open on the amount of surprise we’ve had specifically around some of the partially depleted wells that we’ve drilled. We’ve gotten operationally better. We’ve made three or four very specific changes that have improved how we develop those wells, how we bring them online, how we keep them online, small things like artificial lift and even the design of the completion itself. And so as we get better, that improves the productivity, ultimately the economics of those wells in the later life. And so those are learnings that eventually will apply to lots of other basins and feel real confident that given that same circumstance, we now have a better arsenal of tools to approach those wells.
Doug Leggate: Okay. We’ll watch with interest. Thanks for that, Clay. Gosh, I’m torn on what to ask next, but I’m going to go with the variable dividend question. M&A was the other one, Rick, but I’m guessing you wouldn’t answer that. I guess, Jeff, you – sounds like you’re starting to recognize the opportunity to transfer value from debt to equity with your balance sheet comment, but you haven’t ruled out the variable dividend despite the comments around buybacks. Why not just take the variable off the table? Because if I may say so, it seems to me your share price hasn’t had any value recognition for that whatsoever.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I appreciate it, Doug. Yes, we understand the bias that the market’s had for share repurchases, and that’s certainly going to be our bias going forward. But we – frankly, we always think the variable dividend can be a component of our framework and expect it to be as we move forward. I appreciate your comments on the balance sheet because again, I’ll just remind folks, as always, that’s our primary priority as we work our way into any year and any budget. We want to make sure we maintain the financial strength. And as you heard in my opening comments, we’re committed to continuing to reduce our absolute debt level. Beyond that, we’re going to grow the fixed dividend as we’ve talked about as well. We always take that up with our Board in the first quarter of the upcoming year. And as we highlighted it in our materials, we expect to grow the fixed dividend again next year. Beyond that, I think it’s – at least in our view, it’s pretty clear that the equity price is disconnected from the fundamentals of our business. And moving forward here in the near-term, we’re going to lean in on the share repurchases. And as Rick said in his comments, that could have an impact on the variable dividend going forward. But I don’t want to exclude it as an option for us because frankly we think it’s a key component of continuing to deliver cash returns to shareholders. But without doubt our bias is going to be towards the share repo here in the near-term.
Doug Leggate: That’s very clear. Thanks very much, guys.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Nitin, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my question.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning.
Nitin Kumar: Rick, it’s good to see the refocused energy around the Permian. I want to touch a little bit. You show about 3,000 potential locations in the Delaware in your deck. As you go back to the New Mexico Wolfcamp, the specific area that you’re targeting, can you talk a little bit about how much of that inventory is focused on that area alone?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, a lot of it, to be honest with Nitin is and I think that we’ve actually talked here internally, if you think about our rig count, about two-thirds of our rigs that we have run – are in that area. So that's a good way to look at it. So two-thirds of that number that you see is pretty accurate, we think. Clay, anything you want to add to that?
Clay Gaspar: Well, as we think about kind of this 70-30 split, it does parallel our inventory. And so we think about most of our inventory being on that north side. Clearly, in 2023, we were very clear, we want to do a little bit more assessment work, spread some of that out. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had to reach in a little bit deeper in some of the areas that we wouldn't normally have kind of reach into that bolt-in. That kind of diluted a little bit the average productivity that we delivered. I think working through that inventory – or, excuse me, working through that assessment work and really having a better understanding of where that sits. We're now leveraging those learnings into the activity in 2024 and then also allowing that infrastructure to mature a little bit also allows us to leverage back the benefits of the work we did in 2023 for the benefiting 2024. So there's a good parallel there, and I don't see us falling out of too much out of sync with that inventory run.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks. As I follow up, Rick, I'm going to not assume that you won't answer the M&A question. So look, industry consolidation is certainly front and center. You have been part of that consolidation in the past. Can we maybe get some thoughts – updated thoughts on how you're viewing the go forward path for Devon, either as an independent company or as a consolidator?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. And I think it's something that's very – obviously very topical in light of some of the recent transactions out there. Really, as you know, you've been covering this sector a long time, many people on the call are, but really it's part of the fabric of this industry, the sector. The one thing it won't change is our approach. And we've always had been very compelled, just have a high bar, be very disciplined and make sure that it fits within the framework that we have. And as you've heard Jeff talk about in my prepared remarks, I mean, right now, we see one of the greatest, most clear cut opportunities is just ourselves with our share repurchases. And so that's how we're looking at it. I do think that you'll continue to see consolidation. We've been on record as saying we support continued consolidation in the sector. We think it's the right thing to do for investors. But as far as Devon's participation, I'm going to go back to those key elements and we're going to have a high bar, be very disciplined, be very thoughtful, and make sure we can sell that to shareholders, that it's the right thing to do.
Nitin Kumar: Thanks, Rick. Thanks for the answers.
Rick Muncrief: You bet, Nitin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Neil, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, team. The question I had was – first question was just around the cadence of production, obviously, Q4 and Q1 a little softer and then a nice ramp over the course of the year. Can you talk about the confidence interval you have around that ramp as you get into – through 2024 and help the market get comfortable on the oil side in particular, as that's been a little bit shakier this year.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, thanks, Neil. I appreciate the question. We've been staring at this kind of saddle in fourth quarter, first quarter for quite a while. We don't provide detailed guidance, typically ahead of the coming quarter. And so having the activity really that fourth frac crew in the front half of 2023, we've benefited certainly in this quarter and we'll see a rollover in the fourth and first before we build that duct cadence back up again and we're able to bring that fourth frac crew up. That provides some lumpiness. We realize that's not ideal. We're trying to make sure that we telegraph not just this fourth quarter, but the first quarter has a little bit of a saddle as well. I think once we get that frac crew back, we reestablish the higher rate. It's pretty – it’s steadier throughout the year. So think of two, three, four being a little bit flatter. The fourth could come down just a little bit, but probably not quite as much as a saddle as we saw in this fourth and first coming quarters.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. And then talk about the CapEx guide for 2024. It's a little bit lower than consensus, which is good, although partially offset by lower activity or lower production. So maybe just talk about what gets to the top end, what gets to the bottom end of the range and the modeling that went into building that 2024 forecast.
Jeff Ritenour: Neil, so we do a lot of work, as you can imagine, we talked last quarter about some of the work we do with the board and back in September really looking out five and ten years. And that leads to a kind of a more focused look this time of year, November; we have a call with the board. We're really starting to kind of firm things up. During that process, we run lots of sensitivities, the what ifs. We think about different deflation cadences, how that impacts us, different capital allocation. And what we've gotten to is we feel really good about this plan, refocusing as we've talked about on the Delaware Basin, benefiting from the work that we've done in 2023, around some of the assessment work. And so leveraging into that, we feel really good about the continued focus of the activity that we have and paring back on some of the other basins that probably could use a little bit more breathing room. And then feel really good about the deflation that we’ve baked in. Call it roughly 5% or so that we have in hand today we feel really good about those numbers. The balance, the remaining 5% is a little bit pair back in activity, and then of course, we’re striving to exceed those expectations every day inside our shop.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Team.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Scott, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. Want to get just a bit more detail on the infrastructure constraints in the Delaware. It sounds like it’s starting to improve. But are you still seeing some peak rates constrained? Is it still impacting where your rigs are running today? And if the answer is yes, when do you think these constraints can be fully alleviated?
Rick Muncrief: Scott, the good news is we’re in the hottest basin in the world. The bad news is when you’re in the hottest basin in the world you’re always going to have some kind of constraint. And so we work really closely with our third-parties on trying to stay ahead of that. In fact, we do proactive work on even modeling their own infrastructure. We’ve done some big projects this year. The Stateline processing facility that we are part of, we added a 200 million a day to that processing that not only benefits Stateline, but certainly some of the gas that we have in New Mexico as well. We worked very hard on some of the water infrastructure, made some great improvements on that, some redundancy there. So we feel really good about that really good work. Now we’re really focused on some of the electrification. While we’ve made good progress, I can tell you that’s going to be a continued focus for us and for industry. The weather specifically, around July, we had some serious windstorm blew over a lot of power lines. And as you can imagine, it’s not just getting those power lines back up, it’s not just getting our wells back up, but it’s all of the third-party infrastructure that’s daisy chained together. And so that’s where we saw some of the real tightness of that infrastructure, not having alternative outlets that you typically would in a looser environment. So that continues to build out. There’s been some really material improvement. But just know that this is a very active basin. Certainly Devon’s not the only company very active in the basin. And so we’ll continue to try our best to stay ahead, not just on our own controllable activity, but working with our third-parties so that they can stay ahead with us.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And just a quick one following-up on the budget. Do you have a rough sense for the well count that’s incorporated in your budget for next year?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, I’m pulling the number now. It’s about 400, yes; it’s about 400 wells, relatively flat. It looks like we kind of peak a little bit more towards the middle two quarters, but relatively flat during the year.
Scott Gruber: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist. Neal, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. My first question is just on the Permian infrastructure. I’m just wondering Rick and Clay have highlighted and I think been out there about the lack of infrastructure in recent quarters. I’m just wondering, was some that – did that come as surprise or was it you were thinking that some was going to be built out? I’m just wondering if you could speak to maybe what had changed and then maybe speak to the build out you’re seeing now and then what you anticipate next year.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, I think you try and plan this stuff years in advance because many of these big projects are multi-year projects and sometimes those projects slip. Ultimately, funding decisions are outside of your control. So some of those things can be typically accounted for and baked in. What we’re really focused on in 2023 is making sure that we’re honoring our flaring percentages. We’ve done an amazing job of driving that down. We’re really thoughtful about these outlets and making sure that we have the ability to flow these wells back. And so we want to make sure that we’re staying ahead of any bumps and disruptions. As you know, in the New Mexico side, it’s a lot more federal land. You’re relying a lot more on the BLM, even small things like right away, which are pretty standard course take a little bit longer these days. And so during that transition, when we’re accounting for that and our third-party partners are accounting for that, there can be a little bit of an extended drag. I think we’ve gotten a lot of really good important progress during the course of 2023 that we will benefit from. But we will continue to see constraints all the way around the Permian Basin as this is a materially growing basin that’s so incredibly prolific.
Neal Dingmann: Yeah. Well said. And then my second question is just on your comment over high grading the upcoming multi-zone Wolfcamp wells in New Mexico. I’m just wondering, was it the infrastructure or what was the limitations to not high grade this Delaware sooner? And I’m just wondering what kind of runway do you all anticipate you’ll have in this core area?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Neal, I would say it was a combination of – we did some assessment work. I highlighted on the last call, specifically the B zone. Really understanding, how does this work as we co-develop? How does this work independently? What’s the right business decision? And that takes time to evaluate. So that’s some of the things that we did dozens of other tests as well. But some of the work that we invested in during the course of 2023. Some of the things that we’re learning, obviously, we’re applying to 2024. And then parallel to that was the infrastructure comments that that I just went through. So I think there’s a parallel as we think about what this concentration of activity means. Again, I’ll go back to the kind of two-thirds, one third of our inventory is in the New Mexico side. So we’re not overly leveraging New Mexico versus Texas. Now, we’re certainly high-grading. We’re always trying to drill our best stuff first, but that’s no different than what we’re doing in other basins. And obviously, other operators are doing as well.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks, Clay. Looking forward to the results.
Clay Gaspar: Me too, Neil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Charles, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Rick, Clay and Jeff. Clay, I want to take one more run at the Delaware Basin infrastructure question. As you were making your prepared remarks or earlier Q&A, I wrote down there’s electricity build-out, compression, processing, takeaway and then also you added water. And so as you look at – if those are the right categories, as you look at those, could you tell us what’s your best guess for 2024? Or is it going to be your top one or top two concerns? And I’m less thinking about where you have work to do, but more in the framing of what’s – which of those is most likely to emerge as a bottleneck in 2024?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Charles, it’s a bit of a whack-a-mole kind of opportunity. You bring on these big pads, and you’re really focused on gas takeaway or gas compression or processing. But as you bring these wells on, you’re also testing water. What we’re seeing is with everyone – the incredible electrical demand, some of the electricity providers are struggling to keep up with that growth. So we’re moving forward with some things to take a little bit more self-control on some of those projects and behind-the-meter opportunities to control our own destiny even a little bit more. But I can tell you as soon as we get one issue resolved, there’s other issues that pop up, and that’s just part of working in a very hot dynamic play. Now, what I will add to that, and I think is very important, we also see these as not just constraints, but opportunities. And we truly believe if we can identify them early, then we have options. We can wire around the issue. We can figure out how to work with third parties and develop and make sure that, that is built in time for our needs. We can certainly choose to drill alternate wells, reshuffle the portfolio or number four, we can lean in and be aggressive about capturing that value and leveraging that. And you’ve seen us do that a number of times. So I think the most important thing is being opportunistic, make sure we’re really thinking far out ahead and making sure we’re acting on that.
Rick Muncrief: Charles, this is Rick. I’d like to – I’d like to add. Yes, sorry. One thing I’d like to add is, we are really pleased with how the midstream providers are building out their capacity. So we think that some here in the next six quarters to eight quarters, you’re going to see another 2 Bcf a day, plus or minus, in the Permian Basin of processing. So when you step back and you look at the capital investment on the midstream, you look at the long-haul getting pipe built in the ground, getting those getting out of the gas to the Gulf Coast area and then over into Louisiana and there are areas like that for the LNG facilities. We just think the – the right amount of focus is being placed on it, and I feel very confident in future. And the other thing I’d say, I’ve got is a pretty good time to interject this, but we continue to see growth into Mexico. That is a market that has grown from 2 Bcf a day up 6 Bcf, 7 Bcf a day, and there’s no basin more well suited for that, I think, than the Permian when you start looking at Western margins of the Permian Basin. So whether you’re on the Delaware side, the Midland side, you’re going to benefit I think, from that Mexican growth over the next decade or two.
Charles Meade: Thank you for that elaboration Rick. And Clay I was going to say I came up – I consider using that term whack-a-mole, but I came up with the term cycling bottlenecks instead.
Rick Muncrief: You’re reliant than I am.
Charles Meade: A follow-up the question – feel free to use that one. A follow-up question perhaps for Jeff. Jeff, I think you clearly sent the message that you guys are tilting towards buybacks in the current circumstances that you see. But I wonder if you could elaborate a bit more on the framework that you guys have used to come to that conclusion. And with an eye with an eye towards if we do have the happy evolution where your stock price does go up at what point does it flip back towards the – more towards a variable dividend?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I appreciate that, Charles. And I think your last comment is important because that’s why we want to maintain flexibility and we believe the framework that we have today allows for that as we kind of navigate the different market conditions and whether that’s specific to Devon or on a more macro basis. As it relates to how we evaluate the share repurchase, I think I’ve talked about this in the past, but just like you all, we have our own internal models, obviously, around intrinsic value, but we also watch closely how our peers are trading, how we’re trading relative to them. And I think without question, you’ve seen compression of our multiple over the last 12 months. And so we sit today, it feels pretty clear to us. Given what we know and how we feel about the go-forward business, which I thought Clay did a great job of articulating our game plan here over the next 12 months. We feel like it’s a right time to jump in and be more aggressive on the share repo than we’ve been in the past. And so you’ll see us execute that over the coming quarters. And it’s always a little bit challenging with the earnings blackouts that we have as it relates to the timing of how that plays out. But we’ve got a game plan to go execute on that and be pretty consistent as we move forward over the next several quarters.
Charles Meade: Jeff, thanks for the detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Portillo from TPH. Matthew, your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning, all. Maybe starting out a question for Clay. I was just curious if you could speak to some of the learnings from the down spacing tests and the Eagle Ford, maybe as it relates to the type curve performance on those titer space wells. And how many of your tills in 2023 were impacted by these tests versus kind of the high grading plan heading into 2024 that might improve that capital efficiency?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. I’d say it’s all a very much a work in progress. Definitely the South Texas Eagle Ford area is a maturing basin, similar to Williston, but very different in many ways. The rock is incredibly forgiving in the sense of down spacing refracs. We continue to find and uncover new ways to extract more and more of that oil in place. So we’re very encouraged with that. Now that said, it doesn’t always come out exactly as planned. I would say it was less about the learnings around down spacing more, a little bit about regional. And so as we moved into specific areas, we found that one, the recipe from what we call the Black Hawk area kind of our legacy business, isn’t exactly the same recipe as we reply to our Falcon, the new assets. And so some of those learnings certainly have accounted in for the results in 2023. We have a little bit less activity during this quarter. So you saw the oil production rollover second quarter, third, I’ll caution to look back, make sure you look back at the first quarter because we had about a 10% improvement or increase in production quarter-over-quarter from one to two, and then a down from two to three. So that’s more related to activity, less about individual well results. But as we continue to explore refracs down spacing combinations of how we do this co-development, I would say we’re very encouraged about what we’re seeing there. And this rock continues to be the rock that keeps on giving.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then as a follow-up question, maybe for Rick or for Clay like the shift here and further improvement on the capital efficiency into 2024, I guess one of the questions that continues to come up, and Rick, you highlighted in your prepared remarks that we’re kind of in an uncertain time with spare capacity within OPEC and kind of the volatility in the crude markets as well as what might be a challenged 2024 gas market. Just curious, as you guys think through your capital allocation plans for 2024, where do things stand at the moment in the Powder River Basin and the Anadarko, just thinking through the return profile there versus areas like the Delaware and is there further optimization that could occur if we end up in a bit of a lower commodity price environment?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. It’s a really good question, Matt. I think I’m going to start the Anadarko there. So we actually were running four rigs. We dropped a rig as you probably recall mid-year. The Dow partnership we have is going really well. Even though the strip is supportive for gas, the outlook we think is really good. One of the things that we were faced with or we made the decision to do is just scale back at capital just a little bit and going from four to three rigs. We think that’s the right thing to do. Obviously, the promote keeps those returns in a pretty good spot. So that’s how we’re looking at that. I think, as we go into 2024, we plan to keep a three-rig program is our plan. Now up in the Powder, we – our original plan contemplated running two rigs, possibly even considering a third rig up there just because some of the encouraging results. But the fact of the matter is that we are still challenged somewhat on the well cost a little bit. And that some of that’s just a function of your activity level being somewhat depressed quite honestly, or slower than you need to drive those costs down. We’ve made a decision to be just returns focused and make sure that we get that capital efficiency increase that we referred to. And the best way for us to do that is drop that back to one rig versus the plan two or three. It’s a – I think it’s the right thing to do short term. Now, longer term, we know that you need to put additional capital in there. So we’re working with service providers. See if we can see some creative ways to do that. But that’s probably something we’d need to contemplate more into 2025. But we are seeing some, right, some really encouraging results. So real pleased with that asset at that point in time.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners. Kevin, your line is now open.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey, good morning guys. And we appreciate all the details on 2024. You’ve talked about oil production taking a little bit before bouncing back up to what it looks like to maybe close to current levels at year-end 2024. And my question is, given that lumpiness, do you see the 2024 CapEx range is a good proxy for maintenance CapEx? And would that production level and the maintenance scenario would be kind of at the current production levels?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I've always struggled with the maintenance capital question because there's always a way to kind of game the system. If you just want to focus on oil or gas or whatever, I would say this is a maintenance capital with a longer-term mindset in mind because we are still doing work to really prove up future value. We're doing things to always kind of enhance our portfolio. At the same time, maintenance capital of essentially roughly the same production 2024, excuse me, 2023 to 2024. And then as we look out to 2025, we're at least that level, maybe a little bit of growth in 2025 based on this investment. So yes, rough numbers, I would call that a maintenance capital, but a healthy maintenance capital.
Kevin MacCurdy: Thanks. I think that clarity is helpful. And as a follow-up on the Eagle Ford, spending there has been a bit high this year. But in my take away from your CapEx budget is that it will be a little bit more efficient in 2024. Is that the right takeaway? And I respect you guys – that you guys are still nailing down the details, but anything you can share a high level on what's driving maybe better efficiency in the Eagle Ford?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. We are certainly still nailing things down, and this is all preliminary based on the Board's approval. But I think directionally, you're right. We had looked at what is the constant two rigs for us to operate scenario look like? What does a one-rig for us to operate scenario look like? And then, of course, we're working with our JV partners BPX [ph] on activity level for that side of the base in the Black Hawk side. And so I think what we're working towards and we're finalizing looks like a high-graded activity consistent with what we've talked about in the other basins. And you'll see a really nice uptick in efficiency – capital efficiency from that. Now still bear in mind, I mean, we're doing some really inventive things there. We're looking forward on a lot of projects. We're not starving the asset of how do we create more value moving forward. That's very important to us that we're balancing the short-term wins with also longer-term value creation.
Kevin MacCurdy: Thanks a lot.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Paul, your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning guys. Two questions, please. You guys have been indeed over there and that you have seen a lot of improvement. So if I'm looking out for the next one or two years, where is the area that you see the most opportunity for you to further improve? The second question is on the Bakken. You've been struck over there. I think from that standpoint, what have we learned from the RimRock acquisition in terms of future A&D, due diligence process and all that. And whether Bakken, given your substantially reducing activity what's the role for your longer-term portfolio? Do they have a role there? Thank you.
Rick Muncrief: Hey Paul, this is Rick. I'm going to start, and then I'll put it over to Clay and Jeff, but I'm going to start with that second part. I think one of the most interesting things we've learned with the RimRock acquisition, some of which was a little bit of a surprise, some was not. And that was our spacing RimRock and Devon that had historically somewhat slightly different development schemes, if you will. And I think what we have learned is it really drove home the point that Devon's approach was probably the right approach as far as density per spacing unit. We were a little more relaxed. In other words, we had wider spacing and I think that's why we had better recoveries. But some of those – sometimes those points aren't really made until you have several years of production history, and I think that's what we have learned with this. The other thing I'd say is that we also have seen the impacts of something that's not controllable, like weather. And last year, not too much or make excuses, but the fact of the matter is we had one of the worst weather events in that area in the last century. And so timing was not our friend at that time, but you just have to, I think, think through that as you execute, implement your capital program. So I think those are the things we've learned as far as I can assure you the Williston has an absolute place in our portfolio going forward. It's an area we've worked in a long-time. We've had a great track record up there over the last decade, going back to the WPX days. And we see that continuing. We still see opportunities to even be better yet in the future. So we've learned quite a bit from this and we've applied that. I can tell you, I personally challenged the team to step up during that period; sometimes that happens when you're a leader, sometimes you push a little too hard. And I think that's a learning for us as well. So Clay, what else you want to add to those questions?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I'll go back to kind of what are we excited about when we look at the footprint that we have today, as we think about innovation in that space, Paul, last week, I did a couple of days of intensive conversation did an off-site with my team. And we're really focused on what distinguishes us two years from now, five years from now. And most importantly, what are the actions that we can take to ensure that exceptional performance. I think the two year conversations, there was a lot about recovery factor. How do we intent – how do we intentionally go after more of that oil that we already knows there. We sit in five amazing basins, have incredible land footprints already under our feet. And how do we think about extracting just a little bit more from the resources that we have. So a lot about stimulation design, a lot about integrated approach, thinking like geologists and reservoir engineers and completion engineers all at the same time in extracting that value really leaning in some of the great work that we found around refracs, some of the other things that we have. And as we move towards five year really things start coming in more focus around things like enhanced oil recovery, how are we progressing those learnings. And again, leveraging the amazing footprint that we already have today, how do we enhance that ballpark 10% recovery to 12%, 15%, 20%, essentially doubling the resource that we have.  Specifically, the learnings around the acquisitions that was a little bit more than a year ago. We're still a pretty fresh team. I can tell you, the acquisitions were fantastic. Value-creating opportunities for us. They fit the portfolio. And what we really learned is that we need to do a better job in the process of the handoff and how do we pick those opportunities up. When these companies, the prior owners may have a little different mindset on how far ahead they are on infrastructure, on permitting, on how they manage the day-to-day operations things like ESG or a very high important factor to us. So moving through that kind of – that transition period, I think we have gotten materially better from the first to the second and when the third one comes, we'll make another material improvement. So real pleased with the team, the work that David's team, the greater team does in that evaluation. We're in every day to the room, we'll look hard at everything. We keep an exceptionally high bar and we'll continue to get very much better on that handoff and really improving the ultimate value from these opportunities.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Scott, your line is now open. Please go ahead. 
Scott Hanold: Yes. Thanks. I think this one is for Jeff. And just to be a little bit more pointed on the kind of the buyback kind of theme. Your stock is down circa 30% year-to-date, certainly underperforming the peer group by quite a bit. Like why not do buybacks in the third quarter? I know you – obviously, the stock is bit down here in the last, say, week or so, but it had points during the third quarter to where it was at similar levels. Just kind of curious why not 3Q and more so going forward.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Scott, you bet. The answer for the third quarter is real simple. As you'll recall, at the end of the second quarter, we disclosed our cash balance a dip below $500 million. As you might recall, when we rolled out our framework three years ago, one of the key criteria was that we maintain a cash balance in excess of that $500 million level. So our first priority was to take care of the maturity that we had in the third quarter. Second priority was to build back our cash balance above that $500 million level, which, as you saw in our reported results here in the third quarter, we've done that. So that married with our commitment to deliver on the variable dividend that we talked about in the previous quarter. We weren't in a position to buy any incremental shares in the quarter. But going forward. We've – I think we've hopefully clearly telegraphed today our intention on the share repo as well as the potential impact to the variable dividend going forward. And so look forward to getting to our next call in February and kind of talking about the results.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Got it. And then my follow-up is, when you look at oil production next year around 315,000, do you see that as your new baseline? I know I think a prior kind of, I guess, market expectation would be closer to 320. And so is 315 the new baseline? And was – is that driven more about like where you think it's best sustainable at? Or is it more reflecting of your view of the uncertainty in the macro and just wanting to kind of taper it a little bit?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. We think it's a new baseline. The fact is we – not too dissimilar from what the consensus was is that 320 was probably certainly doable. We've done it two or three quarters in a row. But the reality is, as we continue to see some constraints, some weather issues and real-world impacts, we think that 315 is absolutely the right baseline for us.
Scott Hanold: Appreciate it. Thank you. 
Scott Coody: Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon day. I see that we're at the top of our time. So if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Once again, thank you for your interest, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Devon Energy’s Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2023. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I will turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. Pleasure to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us. Devon’s second quarter performance can be defined as another one of solid execution on all fronts as our business continued to strengthen and build operational momentum throughout the quarter. The attractive per share growth we have consistently delivered quarter after quarter demonstrates the efficiency of our disciplined business model, the quality of our Delaware-focused asset portfolio, and the team’s execution capabilities and the benefits of our cash return framework. The chart on Slide 4 provides a very compelling visual of this success, showcasing our impressive track record of value creation. Since we unveiled the industry first framework in late 2020, we have deployed $12 billion towards dividends share buybacks, debt reduction and accretive bolt-on acquisitions. The cumulative value of these actions equates to nearly 2x the value of Devon’s pro forma market capitalization from just a few years ago. As you can see from our diversified actions to-date, we have carefully designed our cash return framework to be nimble with the flexibility to allocate free cash flow across multiple avenues to optimize financial results through the cycle. Importantly, this disciplined execution has been rewarded by the market with our equity performance, achieving the highest return of any stock in the entire S&P 500 over this period. Now, let’s go through some of our second quarter highlights and operating trends in greater detail. Beginning with production, the team did a great job, growing oil volumes by 8% on a year-over-year basis this past quarter. This result surpassed midpoint guidance expectations and for us set a new all-time high oil production record for the company by averaging 323,000 barrels per day in the quarter. Additionally, this volume growth was supported by an infrastructure that includes several strategic midstream assets that we have selectively invested in through the years and have taken equity stakes in an effort to enhance the result from our core E&P operations. A key driver of this record-setting result was higher completion activity in the Delaware Basin. By leveraging the benefits of a temporary fourth frac crew and consistently improving cycle times, we were able to bring online 76 new Delaware wells in the quarter, which was a few more than we originally planned due to efficiency gains. Importantly, the well productivity from this batch of wells in Delaware was excellent and included a Wolfcamp B appraisal success that strengthens the depth and quality of our resource in the area. We also had a successful redevelopment test in the Eagle Ford and advanced a handful of other interesting appraisal projects across our diversified asset base that it reinforces our confidence in the resource upside that currently exist across our portfolio. Looking ahead, with higher levels of completion activity in the second quarter, we expect our production profile to continue to strengthen the upcoming third quarter. A good visual of this operational momentum can be seen on Slide 7, with oil volumes expected to grow to a range of 322,000 to 330,000 barrels per day in the upcoming quarter. As I touched on earlier, the capital spending to drive this growth trajectory was a touch ahead of expectations due to very strong execution from our drilling and completion teams that brought forward activity into the quarter. Clay will spend time and cover this topic later, but I am extremely proud to share that we’ve set several operational records at both the basin and company level, contributing to the record-setting drilled and completed feet per day metrics we have achieved year-to-date. In addition to our strong operating efficiencies, our business is also beginning to benefit from service cost deflation as contracts are refreshed. This is driven by reduced activity from natural gas-focused companies and private producers over the past few months resulted – resulting in improved availability of services and cost deflation in virtually every category. Although this is a very dynamic environment, we’ve observed the most downward pressure to date in the areas of tubulars, rig rates, fuel and other miscellaneous drilling services that will begin to positively impact our cost structure as we enter the end of this year. We also anticipate price movement with pressure pumping, which is our largest cost category in a very near future. While it’s still somewhat premature to say what and set what our firm outlook for 2024 is, our expectations for deflationary trends should continue. We have the potential for meaningful savings from peak well costs as pricing improvements gradually flow through our cost structure over the next year or so. With a free cash flow model that our business generated, we had another great quarter of cash returns. We returned $462 million to shareholders through our fixed plus variable dividend which we have paid out now for 12 consecutive quarters. We also have an active buyback program that resulted in the repurchase of nearly 4 million shares over the past 3 months. We believe this balance between dividends and buyback offers investors the powerful combination of an attractive yield and steady per share growth through the cycle. Now moving to Slide 11. With the progress that our business has made year-to-date, we are well on our way to meeting the capital objectives associated with our 2023 plan. The momentum we have established places us on track to deliver a production per share growth rate of approximately 9% for the year. Importantly, the activity required to fund this growth is self-funded at a $40 WTI price or approximately half of where we are today and is delivering returns on capital employed greater than 20% at today’s commodity prices. While once again, it is too early to provide firm guidance for next year. The trajectory of our business sets us up for a strong outlook in 2024 as well. Given current market fundamentals, we plan to invest at levels that will sustain our productive capacity and any improvements that we see from lower service costs will accrue to our shareholders in the form of higher free cash flow generation. This disciplined pursuit of value over volume positions us to continue to deliver another year of differentiated cash returns and highly competitive returns on invested capital versus the broader market. And now with that, I’ll now turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter operating results demonstrated that our business is performing at a high level and building momentum as we head into the second half of the year. As Rick touched on, this positive trajectory is underpinned by improving capital efficiency from faster cycle times, improving service costs and positive appraisal results that will contribute to our production profile and financial results over the balance of this year and more significantly into 2024. We Today, I plan to provide a brief overview of the second quarter results across our assets as well as highlight some upcoming catalysts, the most significant contributor to Devon’s second quarter operating success, so once again, our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin. As you can see on Slide 8, more than 60% of our capital activity was deployed to this prolific basin, allowing us to run a consistent program of 16 rigs. With the fourth completion crew of work in the first half of the year, we were able to place 76 wells online in the second quarter, up more than 80% compared to the first quarter. This elevated completion activity grew our Delaware production to 420,000 BOE per day and is expected to underpin volume growth in the third quarter as well. While we had great results across our acreage position, a key project I would like to highlight from the quarter was our Mule development in Eddy County, New Mexico. We’ve talked in the past about the important appraisal work that we do each year with 10% to 20% of our capital budget. The Mule pad is an example to provide you some visibility into the fruits of this labor. This 11-well project successfully codeveloped multiple landing zones within the Wolfcamp with particularly exciting results from the appraisal of deeper Wolfcamp B benches. The initial results from these 6 wells targeting the Wolfcamp B landing zones average greater than 3,100 BOE per day with 44% oil cut. Per well recoveries are on trend to exceed 2 million barrels of oil equivalent. Importantly, these highly commercial appraisal results de-risk and enhance the economic expectations on approximately 100 Wolfcamp B locations in the Cotton Draw area. Furthermore, these deeper Wolfcamp locations are expected to be highly competitive within our capital allocation framework going forward. The Delaware team also continued to make progress advancing drilling and completions efficiencies across our operations in the basin. In the Wolfcamp, we improved drilling productivity by about 10% on a per foot basis over the past year, while some of our best spud release times for 2-mile laterals pushing below 15 days. Completion efficiencies have also steadily improved, with our cycle times decreasing by 9% year-to-date and compared to 2022. Averaging a record completion pace of more than 2,200 feet per day in the quarter, this operational progress has been accomplished in conjunction with an even higher safety and environmental focus and expectation. The great work our team has done to drive improvements across the entire planning and execution of our resources coupled with a broader service cost deflation trends are positioning our business to be even more efficient as we head into 2024. Moving to the Eagle Ford, our 3-rig program resulted in 29 gross wells placed online during the quarter. This activity which was concentrated in the recently acquired acreage in Torrance County drove a 9% increase in productivity versus the previous quarter. This margin – this high margin growth was driven by strong well productivity achieved from a balanced mix of development and appraisal activity designed to refine the next stage of development for this prolific resource play. Our top development project in the quarter was headlined by LP Butler pad. This 4-well pad developed a highly charged theme of pay in the volatile oil window of the play that exceeded pre-drill expectations, reaching an impressive average 30-day rate of 3,600 BOE per day, with a 56% oil cuts. On the appraisal front, a key success in the quarter was the [indiscernible] unit. This development project in Torrance County tested infill spacing, ranging from 140 to 150 – excuse me 180 foot and roughly 30 wells per section. The initial 30-Day rates from this package of wells averaged 2,000 BOE per day, resulting in highly commercial returns, that adds the depth and quality of our inventory in the play. Also, adding to the commerciality of this tighter spacing was our drilling performance where we broke a company record averaging over 2000 feet per day, which included the fastest bud rig release time in company history of only 5.7 days. As we look to allocate capital for 2024 and beyond, the positive operating results we have achieved year-to-date served as valuable data points to optimize future development activity in the Eagle Ford and other and further deepens our convictions of the resource upside that a crop that exists across this entire field. Moving to the Williston, volumes began to rebound in the second quarter growing 4% quarter-over-quarter to 56,000 BOE per day. This growth was driven by improved weather, higher up times on existing producers, and successful adjustments to completion and production techniques for some of the new well activity. These completion and production modifications consisted of change to larger profit size designed to mitigate mobility of sand and a shift in artificial lift techniques to improve well uptime. With the favorable flow-back results on two pads that have deployed these techniques. We have high confidence that the wells productivity will improve as we see progress throughout the year. Looking at inventory, we now have more than 150 wells remaining and identified significant refract opportunities across hundreds of producing wells in the field, providing us the optionality to deploy steady reinvestment in this play for multiple years to come. Turning to the Powder River Basin, the key objective of our 2023 program is to continue to appraise and methodically refine our understanding of the Niobrara, so that we can optimize this resource for future development. With this focus, the team has made substantial progress over the last year, establishing repeatable commercial results, with three-mile laterals across a significant portion of our acreage and Converse County. Furthermore, since we are not observing any degradation in the results from 3-well spacing, we plan to test 4-well per section later this year. And lastly, we are also encouraged by the early flow rates from appraisal activity recently brought online in the northern portion of our leasehold position that could extend the Niobrara potential into Campbell County. I will provide more updates on these tests in the coming quarters. But it has been evident that our 300,000 acre net acreage position in the Powder River Basin is providing Devon important resource catalysts for the future. Lastly, in the Anadarko Basin, production volumes grew 10% from the previous quarter, driven by the ramp up and completion activity funded by a drilling carrier from our Dow joint venture, the operational execution from this program was superb, with well costs consistently coming in below pre drill expectations and the initial flow rates from several wells exceeding 3,000 BOE per day. Today, we have only utilized approximately half of the 133 well carry agreement we have in place with Dow, we anticipate the remaining carry will provide us sufficient runway to support our current pace of activity for the next 18 to 24 months. And we're open to expanding the scope of partnership as we've successfully demonstrated in the past. For the remainder of 2023, we plan to bring on 10 new wells weighted towards year end.  In summary, I’m proud of the capital efficiency results that each of our asset teams are delivering during the quarter and the strong momentum that we have built heading into the second half of ‘23. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our second quarter financial results and provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year. Beginning with production. A key driver of second quarter volumes exceeding midpoint guidance was efficiency gains that compress cycle times, leading us to capture a few more days online than planned. Looking ahead. The benefits of higher completion activity from the Delaware in the first half of the year is expected to drive volumes – oil volumes higher in the upcoming third quarter and leaves us on track to meet our volume targets for the full year as well. On the capital front, we've invested 55% of our budget year-to-date. This waiting to the first half of the year is due to higher completion activity driven by a fourth temporary frack crew in the Delaware Basin. With this temporary crew recently released, we expect a lower capital spinning profile as we head into the second half of the year and remain confident in our capital spending guidance range for the full year. Regional oil pricing once again remained strong with realizations near WTI benchmark levels in the second quarter. We're also seeing strength in the oil price curve for the second half of 2023. This positive trend is providing a meaningful impact to our returns and cash flow generation capabilities with every $1 uplift in WTI, resulting in about 100 million of additional annual cash flow for the company. Despite the strength we saw in oil pricing in the second quarter, we did experience weakness in both natural gas and NGL realizations. We do expect improved markets for gas and NGLs in the second half of the year, which should translate into better price realizations for us across the portfolio. Moving to operating expenses, our field level costs were right in line with expectations for the quarter. However, we do expect a minor uptick in per unit cost in the second half of 2023 driven by our recently executed water handling joint venture in the Delaware Basin. Our new water JV provides us significant operational flexibility to enhance scale and multiple disposal options. In addition, the JV material lowers our future midstream capital requirements in the area. Looking forward, our equity stake in the JV will provide us distributions over time, offsetting the incremental operating cost at the asset level. We could also choose to bring forward value by monetizing this asset at some point in the future.  Cutting to the bottom line, we generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow during the quarter. Combined with the low reinvestment rates to fund our disciplined capital program, we were able to generate free cash flow for the 12th straight quarter. Furthermore, we've delivered these results across a variety of market conditions showcasing the durability of our business strategy. With this free cash flow, our top priority was the return of capital to our shareholders. A key use of our excess cash in the quarter was the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend with the board declaring a payout of $0.49 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of September. In addition to dividends, we also see great value in our equity and continue to be active buyers of our stock. During the quarter, we repurchased an additional $200 million of stock, bringing our year-to-date total to approximately $750 million. With the authorization we have in place, we remain on pace to repurchase approximately 9% of our outstanding shares by the end of next year. These opportunistic buybacks are a critically important tool for us to compound per share growth for investors over time. And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I’d like to give a brief update on our investment-grade financial position. We exited the quarter with $3.5 billion of liquidity and a low net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.7x. This leverage resides well below our mid-cycle leverage target of 1x or less. Subsequent to quarter end, we took the next step in improving our financial position by retiring $242 million of debt at maturity. With a strong cash flow our business is generating, we will have additional opportunities to pare down our debt and maturities coming due in 2024 and 2025 as well. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Good job. I would like to close out today by reiterating four key messages from our prepared remarks. Number one, our disciplined execution in the second quarter demonstrates our business is performing at a high level and building momentum as we head into the second half of the year. Number two, this positive trajectory is underpinned by better capital efficiency from higher and faster cycle times, strong well productivity and improving service costs that will contribute to our financial results over the remainder of this year and into 2024. Number three, our resource base continued to strengthen this quarter. This was evidenced by our highly commercial appraisal results in the deeper Wolfcamp and a positive redevelopment test in the Eagle Ford that adds to our conviction of resource upside across our portfolio. And number four, with this advantaged resource base, we are deeply committed to a disciplined pursuit of per share value creation over production volume growth. Foundational to this commitment is our carefully designed cash turn framework that has the flexibility to allocate free cash flow across multiple avenues to optimize shareholder value through the cycle. And now with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott as we get into Q&A. Scott?
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we will take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Neil, your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thanks so much. The first question is just on the production profile for the back half of the year. As you indicated, you guys are focused on value over volume. But some of the pushback we’ve done this morning has been centered around volumes being a little bit below consensus for the back half of the year. So maybe your thoughts on thoughts on whether there is some conservatism in the way that you model this out and where areas potentially that could surprise the upside? Thanks.
Clay Gaspar: Hi, Neil, thanks for the question. This is Clay. I just want to reiterate, we feel good about our full year guide certainly, with the accelerated activity, things moving a little quicker on the D&C front, that pulled a little bit of our production forward. That’s great on a per well basis, but you get a little bit of lumpiness in the productivity. So we get – we pulled some of that third quarter volume forward. So we maintain our full year guide, but we’ve always seen kind of a role as we pull back from that four frac fleet in the Delaware to the third. So nothing new, nothing unplanned, but consistent with what we’ve been showing and once again, feel real good about the full year guide.
Neil Mehta: Alright. That’s great. And then the follow-up is just, can you talk a little bit about this water handling contracts in the Delaware. There is a modest bump up in the LOE in the guide a little bit of background on what it is, and how we should think about it?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Neil, this is Jeff. Happy to do that. Yes, we’re excited about the flexibility and the scale that, that’s going to bring to our water handling in the basin we’re going to have multiple disposal options as opposed to what we had before. It does bring a little higher operating cost at the asset level. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with the equity stake that we’ve got in the joint venture, we will be receiving distributions on a go-forward basis, which is going to more than offset that additional LOE costs that we’re going to see. So – and as I also mentioned in the prepared remarks, we also think it provides us a great opportunity with that equity position to monetize the asset at some point in the future. So really excited about the flexibility it gives to us operationally. As Clay will attest, there is certainly a fair amount of water we got to move out in the Delaware Basin. So this additional flexibility and scale, we think, is going to be a real positive for us. I’ll also add, it certainly helps us on the capital efficiency front because it helps us to eliminate a pretty material amount of capital that we otherwise would have had to spend on water infrastructure as you look out over the next couple of years.
Neil Mehta: Alright, guys. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Nitin, your line is now open.
Nitin Kumar: Hi, good morning. Rick, and team, glad to speak to you. Rick, you’ve kind of mentioned a little bit of an acceleration of activity into the first half. It’s a little bit different than what you had said when you gave the guidance for the year, it does imply a little bit slower cadence of completions in the second half of 2023. And I’m just wondering, could we use that as a baseline for 2024 in terms of activity levels?
Rick Muncrief: Nitin, I’ll tell you what we like to do is we think most important thing for us is we like the consistency. As you think about quarter-over-quarter, we’ve been pretty consistent for a while on our production. And we like to look at things on an annual basis. Clay mentioned the fact that you do have some lumpiness from time to time just through acceleration. You could have working interest changes, you could have some assessment work, you do all sorts of things like that. But I think for us, the most important thing, Nitin, would be that let’s just look year-over-year, and I know that we – people like to look at things on a quarterly basis. But from my perspective, I want to watch that year-over-year profile, and let’s lean in on share repurchases and let’s make sure that we get that growth on a per share basis. And Clay, is there anything else you want to add to that?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Rick, in your question was, should we expect that run rate. Just remember that fourth frac crew in the front half of the year we are consuming DUCs essentially in that period. Just if you look at Delaware Basin, and then when we’re running three frac crews as we will in the second half of the year, we’re essentially generating DUCs. And in a fully optimized world, we would pick up and drop that fourth spot crew to optimize. I would say in today’s world, what we’re doing is really trying to bring that crew in, get them fully up to speed, let them run through the opportunities that we have. And then put them on pause in this case, for about 6 months, we will pick them back up again in January. You’ll see capital tick up, but you’ll certainly see the production tick up as well related to that crew. So that does exacerbate the lumpiness that we talk about. I’d love to have a straight line. But again, when you pan out and look at an annual basis like Rick talked about, you really see the consistency of our program.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the color, Rick and Clay. I guess for my follow-up, we’ve seen some private assets change hands here in the last 3 months or so. The shape of the Delaware Basin is – has changed a little bit. You’ve previously talked about scale and the importance of that to the new business model that Devon initiated 3 years ago. So just any thoughts on the M&A market going forward? Do you see room for consolidation here? And what is the role that you think you might pay?
Rick Muncrief: Nitin, that’s a great question. I think we’ve talked about this fairly consistently. As far as consolidation, I think, a, it’s going to continue to happen. I think as you start looking across many companies’ portfolios, and we’re not one of those companies, but there is a lot of companies out there, many of the smaller companies they are going to start looking for options because they are getting light on inventory. Some of the private consolidations that we’ve seen recently that you’re referring to – many of those were companies that exhibited performance. It was really – quite honestly, it was pretty impressive in how fast they grew their production, how fast they were going through that inventory, but they also see the challenge of where they are going to go in the future. And for companies like us, we’re going to be very, very disciplined, and we just haven’t had an appetite to really take on that steep decline rate that you would be inheriting. You have to be very, very thoughtful and it gets to be tricky. Now I will say there were some pretty creative solutions with some of those companies that had those and bringing some two and three companies altogether to make some pretty interesting transaction. But I think it just represents the creativity in our sector. I think you’re going to continue to see consolidation. I think it makes a ton of sense, and it’s going to happen for numerous reasons. And over time, you’ll continue to see companies consolidate, and there’ll be companies such as Devon, I believe, that will be the beneficiaries of those because we’re going to be very disciplined, and I think we will try to be opportunistic and make sure that we make moves that just build a stronger and stronger, more durable company. And so – but you’re spot on. I think consolidation in our industry is going to continue.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the answer, Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Nitin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Scott, your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. Curious about the returns you’re seeing on the refrac wells in the Eagle Ford. How do those compare to a new well in the basin, and how does that influence, how you prosecute that program going forward?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scott. This is Clay. We’re really excited about the work that we’ve seen to date. We have about 30 tests we’re still learning on what’s the right wells to go in and refrac what’s the right techniques to go in and prosecute those. And so I would say for only being 30 wells and 30 refracs in we’re very encouraged about the results. We’re encouraged about the inventory that we had. I should note, in the Validus acquisition we did, we had zero refracs underwritten in the acquisition price. And now we’re seeing more material upside, both in redevelopment and in refracs. I would say on a heads-up basis, when you think about returns, the better ones certainly compete heads up with the wells that we’re drilling today. But you really have to really think about how do you prosecute those, the right approach, and you end up getting a variety of them. So I would say it’s too early to tell on an exact quantity and the overall return, but certainly, the top half of what we’ve derisked today, we feel really good about and will certainly become more of a regular part of our investment opportunities on an annual basis.
Scott Gruber: Appreciate the color. And just an unrelated follow-up, but I did notice that the gas feed on the quarter at least versus our numbers, was largely driven by the Anadarko and by the Williston. Was anything going on in those basins that led to a gas production step up. Are you seeing the gas oil ratio of the base there step higher? Just some color on the gas production in Anadarko and Williston be great.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for that. The Anadarko Basin certainly is our gassier option. We have a lot of running room right now. We’re more focused on the liquids-rich portion of it. But even relative to the rest of our portfolio, that’s certainly a gassier part of the mix. When we look to the wells that we’re developing in Williston, a little bit higher gas cut there as well. Very importantly, we’ve done a good job of getting that gas down the line, through the meter and sold rather than flaring. Happy to report our flaring numbers continue to be heading in the right direction around the company, especially in Williston. And that’s certainly not without challenges. I think that’s the bigger contributors to the increase in gas, getting that through the meter, getting that sold is always a very high objective, but we’re also really focused on the oil side of the equation, which is where our revenues really come from.
Scott Gruber: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Arun, your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning, Arun.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, Rick. I know you guys aren’t yet ready to provide more specific called soft commentary on 2024, but I did want to get maybe some of your early read on 2024 CapEx. If we look at your second half ‘23 CapEx guidance, it’s around $1.7 billion or $850 million a quarter. If we annualize that, that would be about $3.4 billion. It sounds like you would need a, call it, a partial fourth frac crew to execute your 2024 plan. So I just wanted to say if those are kind of the elements should we be thinking about CapEx in the mid, call it, $3.5 billion kind of range. But again, just wanted to get some preliminary thoughts.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I appreciate that, Arun. I think your logic on how to get there as far as rig count, frac fleet count, I completely agree with. I’m going to hold back on giving you a number for next year. There is a lot of things going on around what’s happening in commodity price, therefore, rig count, therefore, inflation, deflation, those things have pretty material impacts, and we’re just going to hold back. But I think directionally, think of the same similar activity as a really good starting point.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up maybe for Jeff. Jeff, I wanted to kind of zero in on the Williston Basin. This is called the third quarter in a row that we’ve seen relatively low realizations for natural gas and NGLs. So I was just wondering if you could provide what’s going on there? And is this going to be a persistent impact to you going forward?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Arun, this is Jeff. Yes, I appreciate the question. As Clay mentioned earlier, there, particularly in the Williston, where you’ve got some gas is obviously not the lion’s share of the production mix. But can be a real challenge, obviously, to move the gas up there given the infrastructure and the constraints that we have. I would tell you, when you look at those realizations in particular in the – excuse me, the Williston, you’re going to see some wild volatility just given the deducts that we have from a realization standpoint. And so it’s not a – it’s not going to be as clean and consistent as you would usually see in some of our other basins. I’d also point out, as you’re well aware, it’s pretty immaterial in the grand scheme of things, given the margins that we see from the oil barrels there.
Arun Jayaram: Fair enough, thanks a lot, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist. Neal, your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks for the time. My first question, guys, is on your Delaware Basin specifically. Maybe, Clay, could you speak to what benefits that recent Wolfcamp B appraisal success might have on – I mean maybe it’s too early to say what it might have on total production. But maybe what you think the upside will that could drive in the, I don’t know, later this year or next year? And then just wondering how you view also the benefits. You’ve touched on this earlier in your comments. How you view the benefits of bringing some of those wells forward this year, not the appraisal of course, but the others.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Neal, first question around the B. I mean, this is so important and fundamental to what we do around the assessment work. We talked about on several calls, this 10% to 20% of the dollars that aren’t directed towards the most near-term capital efficient, but it’s so important that we dig deeper out into the portfolio to de-risk these opportunities. And when we see after several reps of really understanding what that opportunity is, and they certainly jump up to the front of the line compete even with some of the best stuff we’re investing in today, it’s pretty exciting. And so it’s something we just want to share specifically in Cotton Draw, specifically in these B zones. These are really accretive and very valuable. Now full disclosure, they are already baked into the inventory numbers that we guide to, but they are baked in on a risk standpoint. So as we de-risk them, net-net to us, there is real value creation and being able to prosecute on those. The second question was around moving the opportunities forward. So that’s just – we have 16 rigs running. They are all running just a little bit ahead of pace. The completion crews, same deal there, four frac crews for the front half of the year in the Delaware Basin, they are just running just a little bit ahead of pace. And so that fourth crew that we toggle on and off originally was slated to run through October. And then we pull it back to September than August. We finally were able to release that in July and accomplish everything that we needed to accomplish. So you can imagine the well cost savings and the value creation on a per well basis. Now it kind of monkeys with our quarterly numbers a little bit, as you can see. But overall, we’re always trying to pull that value forward. We’re thinking about per well full cycle cost, how do we continue to drive that? And then how does it manifest to the bottom line of the company.
Neal Dingmann: That makes sense. And maybe the last one for Jeff, just on capital allocation, just how aggressively Jeff, do you all think about going forward, do you all plan to target net debt while combining this with your strong shareholder return program?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I appreciate the question. I think going forward, you are going to see our – as our framework has been pretty consistent from day one, as Rick mentioned in his opening remarks, you shouldn’t expect a material change in that approach. We are going to be pretty balanced. As you saw this year-to-date, between the variable dividend and the stock buyback, it’s been about 50-50, which to me is a great example of how well our framework is working last year when you had much higher prices and significant free cash flow generation. We leaned in on the variable dividends. And this year, when you have seen that pull back, you have seen much more balance from us with the stock buybacks as well. Going forward, where we are from a cash balance and a framework standpoint, as we generate excess free cash flow here in the back half of the year given the lower capital spend we expect, and the higher oil prices that we are projecting in the back half of this year, we should generate significant free cash flow, we are going to look to build our cash balance back. And then with the remainder of the cash, we are going to focus on, obviously, the variable and the stock buybacks on an opportunistic basis.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Doug, your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: I have two if you don’t mind. One is on mix, and one is on portfolio capital intensity. And I guess it’s that we have seen this trend obviously across a number of your peers. But if you look at the oil mix in your production. It’s obviously been up and down a little bit over the last couple of years, but it seems to have dropped now below 50%. I am just wondering when you think about how you are allocating capital between your different operating areas, particularly, I guess Anadarko versus Permian. How do you anticipate as you optimize your spend that, that oil mix is going to trend? I have got a follow-up, please.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Doug, this is Jeff. I would say we view that the mix of the oil to be pretty consistent on a year-over-year basis. We are really focused on rate of return and the returns that we generate in our play. We are agnostic, frankly to oil or gas. But as we all know, certainly, oil is the higher-margin product today, and our focus has been, particularly in the Delaware. So, with the Dow JV that we have in the Anadarko Basin, that obviously reduces those returns and helps from a capital efficiency standpoint and makes that activity pretty competitive with our broader portfolio. But we – I think we would all tell you, and it’s not going to be a surprise to anybody on the call that the Delaware without doubt is our most capital-efficient asset today, it’s oil-weighted. That’s where the bulk of our margins come from. And as we move forward into 2024 and beyond, we would expect it to capture the lion’s share of our capital investment.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I guess we will take another look at that. But my follow-up, Jeff is, look, I realize that inflation and cost and everything else is a well-trodden path. Everyone understands what’s going on there, what has gone on there. But I want to share an observation with you just to get your opinion on this and see what you think. When I look at your peers, obviously, one of your large peers reported this morning that the capital intensity simplistically on a per BOE basis is up about 30%. U.S. is up about 80%. For example, if I take your spend in the first half of last year, it was about $10 a BOE. First half of this year, it’s about $17 a BOE and production is obviously up small. So, I am just wondering if you can address that and tell us what you think is going on? Is there capital in there that is transitory, for example, in the infrastructure you talked about or what else should we be looking at to try and understand what’s changed there?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Doug, I would say, as you know, it’s a mix of things. Without a doubt, one of the things that we have talked about a lot is the inflation that hit us and that certainly started in the back half of last year and worked its way into this year. That’s a big driver of that. The timing of our contracts and the roll-off of our contract structure as it relates to all of the different cost categories, I think has also disproportionately hit us relative to our peers. Said another way, I thought our teams did a great job of protecting us from the inflation in the very early part of the cycle. So, think about the fall of last year and the early part of this year. And now as we worked our way through 2023, a lot of those contracts have rolled off into a higher price environment from an inflation standpoint. And so you have seen some of the capital efficiency for our asset base relative to some others certainly change. Obviously, mix is a big driver of that. The shifts that we made with the acquisitions in Validus and RimRock, you are moving away from a more capital-efficient asset in the Delaware from a mix standpoint to really great assets, really great returns in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. But as I mentioned in my response to the previous question, they are certainly not as capital efficient as what we see in the Delaware. So, you put all that together, and I think that’s what you are seeing really driving that capital efficiency rate of change relative to some of our peers. I will say, though, when you step back and you look at that capital efficiency on an absolute basis, company versus company, we feel really good about where we sit, and we look really, really competitive against the top-tier companies in the space. That rate of change as you pointed out has just been pretty material and have been a challenge on a relative basis as you all screen for capital efficiency. But when we look at the capital efficiency on an absolute basis, we still feel really good about where we sit. And we expect that to improve as we work our way into the future for all the reasons you mentioned earlier, which is we do expect to see some deflation as we work our way through the back half of this year and into next year. And as Clay mentioned earlier, the mix of our asset base and the things we are focused on, we think that only is going to add to our productivity moving forward.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thanks for the answer, Jeff. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Portillo from TPH. Matthew, your line is now open.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning all. Clay, maybe a question for you to start off on the Bakken. I know that’s an asset that has faced some technical challenges to start the year. Could you impact some of the headwinds a bit more that you faced in the first half and maybe a little bit more around the completion design change that you guys have made that may start to show some improvement in the well results in the back half and heading into 2024?
Clay Gaspar: Happy to do it, Matt. Thanks for the question. As I think about the Williston, it is certainly maybe the most mature of all the oil resource plays. We are learning things for the first time what these late innings really look like. Certainly, with the RimRock acquisition, bringing those wells in, we faced some challenges really from a surface standpoint, but also from a relatively surface standpoint, and I will talk about both. From a subsurface standpoint, one of the challenges we faced, specifically with some of the wells we acquired is the nature of the depletion. These crosscut wells are really unique. And so we have seen wells we have drilled through essentially have a depletion and then essentially verge pressure and then back to depletion throughout the lateral. Producing those – completing those and producing those have been a relatively unique challenge. We haven’t seen anywhere else. We have gotten some solution, I have talked about earlier. I think we are doing really well on getting those wells producing consistently, getting them unloaded and allowing the proppant to stay in place, which is fundamentally important to be able to producing the wells. More on the surface side, once you get that proppant in place, then you don’t have the challenges of artificial lift. You don’t have the sand flowing back to surface and adding additional complications. What we really faced in the first quarter was some of these operational challenges and then still in a very tight workover rig environment, reaching for that workover rig, having to stand in line or the opportunity cost of pulling it off of something else we were trying to do has been pretty uniquely challenging. I think we have gotten a good recipe for the wells going forward. A lot of our inventory that we are able to go back to now will not have some of these same challenges. It’s more run of the mill, what we have been dealing with in Williston for the last several years and really delivering some really good well results. So yes, the first quarter was challenging from an operational standpoint, especially in the first quarter, compounded by weather. I feel good about the direction we are headed, the response we have had from the team, and the outlook going forward.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then just as a follow-up, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned seeing quite a bit of success in the Anadarko Basin and the potential for a further expansion of the partnership. Just curious, is that something that you may pursue with Dow, or are you looking at bringing in potentially other partners to continue to progress the asset from a development standpoint?
Clay Gaspar: We love – we cherish our partnerships, and we love it when it’s a mutual win-win. Dow has been very pleased with this partnership. We have as well. It’s allowed the Anadarko Basin to compete in our pretty rigorous portfolio. And so expanding that, certainly, Dow has a very good knowledge of the basin, it would be the easiest to pursue with them. Certainly, look, we are objective. We have other partnerships around the company, but it’s something we are regularly talking about with Dow, how would this work for them, how would this work for us. We haven’t made any decisions on that, but just thought I would mention, we have an additional runway beyond the current scope that we may end up pursuing at some point.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Matthew. We have our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Scott, your line is now open.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Thanks. I am just wondering if you have had some thoughts on just the overall maturation and depth of your inventory. It appears with you all that there is a little bit more exploration and refrac and other kind of opportunity. Does that point to the maturity of some of the assets? And is there a little reason more to do more kind of exploration and development of that sort, or just give us a sense of like when you think about like primary drilling of economics you have today, like how much of a runway do you have?
Rick Muncrief: Hey Scott, it’s Rick. We feel really good about our runway, but we also are compelled to continue to explore, to continue to assess what we already own. You have heard several comments, commentary around consolidation opportunities. I think it’s incumbent upon this management team to first, let’s understand what the opportunities we already have in hand. You have heard Clay talk about how we had – in the Wolfcamp B, we feel really, really good about some resource potential there. We had it in a risk basis, and you go out and you execute on those and you find out that they really are good. And the implication is that not only the offsets of where we are at, but when you think about a 400,000-acre position that we possess in the Delaware, and you can continue to do these and these assessment activities. And quite honestly, you either meet or exceed what your expectations are. That’s a good thing. That’s better than good. That’s a great thing, because that adds to your risk or your un-risk – excuse me, your risk inventory that you feel really good. When I say that, that’s inventory you are pulling off the shale and executing on and with phenomenal returns. And so whether it’s in the Delaware, whether it’s these opportunities that we have in the Eagle Ford, which we are really bullish on, which is the opportunities we see in the Bakken, which we continue to see some nice opportunities there. We feel really good about it. But I think it’s incumbent upon this team to continue to assess what our current acreage position is as we compare and contrast executing on that, holding what we have versus going out and buying more, consolidating more. So, just – it’s real fundamental to our business.
Scott Hanold: Yes. I mean – and that’s good to hear. And I think the question is a lot on sort of the capital efficiency trend as you move from a very high core prolific Delaware Basin to some of these other zones or even to some of these other players like the Anadarko and Eagle Ford and Williston or PRB, right? So, it’s more about that capital efficiency trend relative to kind of the best stuff you have already drilled?
Rick Muncrief: Right. I think that’s what you are going to see. I think you are seeing maturation in a lot of these basins. And if you just think about whether it’s – you have seen it in the Midland Basin. We are not in the Midland Basin, but you have seen that for several years where every year until you start bringing new resource on, you are going to be continuing to evolve and people tend to go to their highest returns. What – you have seen it in the Bakken. We have seen it in the Eagle Ford. But I can tell you there is many of these basins. We are excited about the potential that we see with restimulation and some tighter spacing. In some cases, we up space in the other areas. We just learned more about the resources we have. But that’s been the history of our business over the last 100 years is plays and basins will mature over time until there is either a change in technology, new intervals are found. And so I think you are just – you are seeing that play out in real time. We are continuing to – but we are excited about what we are seeing. So, hopefully, that’s coming across in our – not only in our prepared remarks, but some of our answers that whether it’s restimulation down in the Eagle Ford, whether it’s what we are seeing the assessment work in the Delaware and other places Powder, Anadarko, we are just really excited about what we have.
Scott Hanold: Okay. I appreciate the added color. And just one quickly on the fixed dividend, you have spend a little bit time, Jeff, on buybacks and variables. But remind us of your thoughts on the fixed dividend, what – where you want that to be? I think it’s about 1.5% or something to that effect. Do you feel good about that, or would you like to see it stronger relative to the S&P or to some of your, obviously, E&P peers?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. No, absolutely. I am glad you asked the question. We are absolutely focused on growing the fixed dividend as we work into the future. And so you should expect us on a year-over-year basis to lean in and grow the fixed dividend as we get more and more confident, obviously, in our base game plan and our framework. It’s – yes, I certainly should have mentioned it earlier. It’s the priority one as it relates to our cash return framework, and it only falls behind, obviously, the financial strength and the balance sheet. So, absolutely expect to see us grow that into the future.
Scott Hanold: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Scott. We have our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Paul, your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions, please. First, I think Clay, you mentioned that Bakken is the most mature, and which certainly is the case. And you talked about the refrac and redevelopment opportunity in Eagle, can you talk about within your portfolio, have you already looked at what is the refrac and redevelopment opportunity in Bakken and how long do you think you may be able to hold the current production spread. The same question, going back into the Eagle Ford, I know it’s still early, but for refrac and redevelopment, what kind of WTI and Henry Hub gas price minimum you need in order for those to work? Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. So, I will tackle those. Starting with the Williston, it’s a very different reservoir rock than the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford is very notoriously tight, low permeability, which is a challenge in trying to initially develop. What we are finding is there are some benefits in redevelopment being able to space in wells later in life and not having some of the challenges that we see in other basins. We are not going to be able to do that same kind of model in many other basins because it’s fairly unique to the Eagle Ford. When it comes to refracs, it’s a little bit different scenario. Williston being on the more mature and also having a fair amount of the development early in the industry’s understanding of how best to complete these wells. There are some really inferior completions, and so the opportunity there is a little bit different. It’s not from a reservoir standpoint, it’s more from a completion standpoint, how do we go in and restimulate some of these wells that were massively under-stimulated. So, therein lies a different opportunity there. The Eagle Ford, you asked about kind of breakeven costs for the refracs, I don’t have a very good number for that. I would say, in the top half of the opportunities that we are looking at, many of those are very competitive with what we are drilling today, which is pretty – a very, very solid return. So, I would put it in that bucket. There is still a lot of work to do on refining how do we figure out where is the line and certainly commodity price will play a role in how many of these refracs and potentially even trifracs, you come back again at a later date. Those opportunities will certainly be commodity price dependent.
Rick Muncrief: Paul, it’s Rick. I would just say that when I think about those restem opportunities down the Eagle Ford. In my mind, in a $50 world, as long as you are north of $50 and a $3 Henry Hub, you are going to have some pretty good returns. We are pleased with that. One of the things I will add, the previous question we had was around some of the assessment work, just – everybody needs to recall, we are only doing a small percentage of our capital budget with assessment work. It’s not like we are really leaning in on that. We do think it’s important to allocate a certain amount of capital and really excited about what it holds for us. That being said, I know at a time when people are hyper focused on capital efficiency, that’s fair. It really is. But we also need to think about the future. And when I say the future, it’s not next quarter, it’s the next 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, 20 years.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Scott Coody: Alright. It looks like we are at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2023. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under US Securities Law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It's a pleasure to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking time to join us. For today's discussion, I'll be focusing on three key topics that I believe are most important to our shareholders at this point. First, I plan to cover our solid first quarter execution. Second, I will run through the steps we've taken to bolster the return of capital to shareholders. And third, I plan to share insights on how our business is positioned to effectively control costs and gain momentum throughout the rest of the year. So to start off, let's turn to our first quarter results on slide 6, where we had several key highlights. First, total oil production exceeded our midpoint guidance at 320,000 barrels per day, representing a growth rate of 11% compared to the year ago period. This level of oil production was the highest in our company's 52-year history. Our strong well productivity in the Delaware Basin was once again a key contributor to this result, and our recently-acquired assets, The Eagle Ford and Williston Basin also provided us higher volumes in the quarter. Clay will touch on our well productivity in greater detail later in the call, but I do want to highlight that the average well placed online in the quarter is on track to recover more than one million barrels of oil equivalent. These strong recoveries are right in line with our historic trends over the past few years, demonstrating the quality, depth and ability to deliver sustainable results across our resource base. Another notable achievement from the first quarter was our team's effective cost management. This was demonstrated by capital expenditures being in line with expectations and operating costs coming in better than our guidance by a few percent. I'll cover this topic in greater detail later in the call with our outlook, but this positive start to the year puts us in a great position to potentially spend fewer dollars in 2023 to achieve our capital objectives for the year. With our first quarter capital activity, we limited reinvestment rates to prudent levels resulting in over $665 million of free cash flow. This marks the 11th quarter in a row our business has generated free cash flow, with oil prices over this time ranging from as low as $40 a barrel to as high as $120 a barrel. This is a great example of Devon's ability to generate meaningful amounts of cash flow -- free cash flow across a variety of market conditions, further showcasing the durability of our strategic plan to create value through the cycle and deliver returns on capital employed that compete with any sector in the S&P 500. With this free cash flow, we continue to reward shareholders through our cash return framework, which was well balanced between dividends and stock buybacks in the most recent quarter. As shown on slide 7, the total cash payout from the shareholder-friendly initiatives reached an annualized rate of around a 12% yield in the first quarter, which significantly exceeds the available opportunities in other sectors of the market. Nearly half of this payout was derived from our distinctive fixed plus variable dividend framework. This consistent formulaic approach, which began almost three years ago has allowed Devon to offer one of the highest yields the entire S&P 500 since its groundbreaking implementation. Now turning to slide 9. In addition to our strong dividend payout, we continue to see attractive value in repurchasing our shares, which we believe traded a significant discount to our intrinsic value. To capitalize on this compelling opportunity, we made substantial progress advancing our buyback program by repurchasing $692 million of shares year-to-date. In addition to our corporate buyback activity, multiple members of our management team, myself included, have also demonstrated their conviction in Devon's value proposition by purchasing stock in the open market over the past few months. With our Board of Directors approving the upsizing of the capacity of our repurchase program by 50%, up to $3 billion, the company is well equipped to be active buyers of our stock over the course of the year. Now moving to slide 11. Looking to the remainder of 2023, there is no change to our disciplined operating plan we laid out for you earlier this year. Now that our Delaware infrastructure is fully operational and actively ramping to place more wells online, we expect our production to grow over the remainder of the year. This momentum places us right on track to average just over 650,000 BOE per day this year, which translates into a healthy production per share growth of approximately 9% on a year-over-year basis. With capital, we've not made any revisions to our outlook of $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion for the year. As a reminder, this capital for cash assumes a low-single-digit inflation rate compared to our 2022 exit rate. However, in the first quarter, we did experience service stock – service price stability for the first time in many quarters, and we began to see signs of increased availability of goods and services due to an overall slowdown in industry activity. If these trends continue, we see potential for downward pressure on service costs later this year and into 2024. With much of our contract book shifting towards shorter duration agreements, we're now well positioned to work with our service partners for better terms as more frequent contract refreshment occurs over the next several quarters. Lastly, on slide 12, I believe this chart does a good job of summarizing the competitiveness of our outlook in 2023. With the plan we've laid out, we continue to possess one of the most capital-efficient programs in the entire industry that is self-funded at a $40 WTI oil price. With this disciplined plan, Devon is well-positioned to continue to generate significant free cash flow and execute all aspects of our cash return model, making 2023, another successful year for us. Now with that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As Rick touched on earlier, our team did a great job of meeting the first quarter operational targets through solid well productivity, effective cost management and the steady progression of upcoming development projects that will benefit us over the coming quarters. Remember, we're focused not just on delivering the numbers for this quarter and year, but also derisking opportunities for the coming years and also investing in R&D that will create value throughout the coming decade. We're making great progress on all three fronts. This positive start to the year put us in great position to continue to build momentum throughout the course of the year and achieve our corporate objectives for 2023. A significant contributor to the success in this quarter was our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin. As you can see on slide 15, roughly 60% of our capital was deployed to this prolific basin, allowing us to run a consistent program of 16 rigs and four frac crews in the quarter. With this level of drilling and completion activity, we brought online 42 new wells in the quarter, with the majority of this activity targeting high-impact intervals in the Upper Wolfcamp. This focused development program resulted in another quarter of volume growth year-over-year, with oil representing 51% of the product mix. While we had great productivity across our acreage position, our performance during the quarter was headlined by our Exotic Cat Raider project. This 6-well pad located in Lea County, New Mexico, targeted a highly productive area with 3-mile laterals in the Upper Wolfcamp. Individual wells at Exotic Cat flowed at rates over 7,200 BOE per day and well -- per well recoveries from this pad are on track to exceed two million barrels of oil equivalent. The flow rate from this activity rank among the very best projects Devon has ever brought online in the basin. And lastly, on this slide, another key event for us during the quarter was the resumption of operations at our Stateline eight compressor station. This was possible. Thanks to the team's timely efforts in securing replacement equipment and the personnel to safely repair this critical facility. Although this repair work did temporarily limit our production in this part of the field during the quarter, we are confident that we resolved this issue and we do not expect any further disruptions of this nature. Furthermore, we also commenced operations at our Stateline 10 compressor station, providing us another 90 million cubic feet of throughput and even more flexibility in the region going forward. Turning to slide 16. As I look ahead to the remainder of the year, our Delaware asset is well positioned to build upon the solid results we achieved in the first quarter. Overall, with the 200 wells that we plan to bring online this year in the Delaware, we expect well productivity to be very consistent with the high-quality wells we brought online over the past few years. And for context, as shown on the chart to the right, this level of well productivity would not only position Devon among the top operators in this world-class basin, but would also surpass the performance of other top shale plays in the US by a noteworthy margin. This impressive well performance, coupled with a long runway, a high-value inventory, further underscores the competitive advantage and the sustainability of our resource base in the Delaware Basin. Turning to slide 17. Another asset, I'd like to spend some time on today is the Eagle Ford, which is our second-highest funded asset in 2023. Over the past few years, we've taken the disciplined and scientific approach to refine the next phase of development in this prolific field through thoughtful and measured appraisal work. The momentum generated from these learning's is evident in our current capital program, where we are pursuing tighter infill spacing and have active refrac program, with the goal to efficiently sustain a steady production profile and harvest significant free cash flow. This year, we plan to spud over 90 wells, with the majority of this drilling focused on redeveloping acreage with much tighter spacing than originally conceived when we first entered the play a decade ago. We attributed this infield opportunity to high reservoir pressure, a fractured network that heals quickly and low but consistent permeability. This unique combination allows us to pursue significantly tighter spacing, with redevelopment activity targeting 16 to 20 wells per unit across multiple landing zones in the Eagle Ford. In addition to the benefit of oil-weighted recoveries that are projected to exceed 0.5 million barrels per well, our ability to leverage this existing infrastructure in the play also bolsters the returns. These unique and favorable reservoir characteristics in the Eagle Ford provides us with many years of highly competitive drilling inventory. The team has also made steady progress on our refrac program in the Eagle Ford, achieving consistent, successful and restimulating the productivity of older wells. To date, we have roughly 30 refracs online that have successfully accessed untapped resource, resulting in an immediate uplift to the well productivity that has expanded per well reserves by more than 50%. In 2023, we plan to execute around 10 refracs and we've identified several hundred high-return candidates across the field to pursue in the future. While we have made significant progress on improving recoveries through infill spacing and refracs, we believe there's still meaningful resource upside in this play. A catalyst to help us accelerate our learning's in this area is our Zgabay pilot in DeWitt County, which is supported by a grant from the US Department of Energy. The objective of this grant is to fund as field study and create an underground laboratory to improve the effectiveness of shale recoveries by testing new monitoring techniques for both initial stimulation and production as well as collecting critical data to enhance recoveries via refracking and EOR. While we're still in the early stages of gathering and interpreting the data from this project, we have already incorporated learnings into our day-to-day operations. These learnings will enable us to optimize recovery of resources, not only in the Eagle Ford, but across our broader footprint in the US I expect to have more positive updates on this topic in the future. And finally, on slide 18, I'm also excited to talk about the positive results we're seeing delivered on other key assets across our portfolio. As you can see on the graphic to the right, over the past year, we've done some good work to opportunistically build up operating scale in these areas and increase the production by 9%. The main factors that drove this growth were our Dow JV partnership, which helped us regain operational momentum in the Anadarko Basin, the RimRock acquisition in the Williston and the quality assessment work we've done in the Niobrara oil play in the Powder River Basin. That has helped us build for the future. In addition to solid production growth, this diversified group of assets is on pace to generate a meaningful tranche of cash flow that we can deploy to other key strategic priorities such as the return of capital to shareholders. I appreciate the team's hard work and the effort that goes into delivering near-term free cash flow and also derisking valuable future inventory. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for a financial review. Jeff? 
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our first quarter financial results, and I'll also provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year. Beginning with production, our total volumes in the first quarter averaged 641,000 BOE per day. This performance exceeded the midpoint of our guidance for the quarter due to better-than-forecasted well performance across our asset portfolio. Looking ahead, our second quarter completion activity is weighted towards the back half of the period. As a result, we expect volumes to be relatively flat in the second quarter as compared to the first. However, given the cadence of activity, we do expect to build momentum throughout the second quarter, setting up the third quarter to be the highest production quarter for the year. On the capital front, we invested $988 million in the first quarter, which was in line with expectations. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect capital spending to remain essentially flat versus the prior period. As a reminder, we do expect to spend more capital in the first half of the year given the timing of completions in the Delaware Basin. This higher level investment in the first half of 2023 sets up Devon for a stronger production profile in the second half of the year. Moving to expenses. We did a good job controlling costs in the quarter with several of our expense categories coming in better than forecast. Looking ahead, as Rick touched on earlier, we're seeing cost pressures plateauing across our business, and with a solid start to the year, we feel very comfortable with our full year guidance ranges for operating cost and corporate expense. Jumping to income tax. After adjusting for non-recurring items, cash taxes were 11% during the first quarter. This better-than-expected result was driven by an R&D tax credit that was taken in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect our cash tax rate to step up to around 15% for the remainder of the year. Cutting to the bottom-line, Devon's core earnings totaled $952 million or $1.46 per share. This level of earnings translated into operating cash flow of $1.7 billion. After funding our disciplined maintenance capital program, we generated $665 million of free cash flow in the quarter. With this free cash flow, our top priority was to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders. As we communicated in the past, the first call on our excess cash is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. Based on our strong first quarter financial performance, we declared a dividend of $0.72 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of June and once again includes an $0.11 per share benefit from the divestiture contingency payments received earlier in the quarter. Another highlight for the quarter was the continued execution of our ongoing share repurchase program. We remain confident in the intrinsic value of our equity as evidenced by the repurchase of $692 million of our stock so far in 2023. With the Board expanding our share repurchase program to $3 billion, which is equivalent to 9% of our outstanding share count, we have plenty of runway to compound per share growth as we work our way through the year. Moving to the balance sheet. We exited the quarter with $3.9 billion of liquidity, consisting of $887 million of cash on hand and $3 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured credit facility. With this strong liquidity, Devon exited the quarter with a low net-to-debt EBITDA ratio of 0.6 times, well below our mid-cycle leverage target of one times or less. Looking ahead, we plan to further improve our balance sheet by retiring additional debt as maturities come due. Our next debt maturity comes due in August of this year, totaling $242 million. We'll have additional opportunities to pare down our debt with maturities coming due in 2024 and 2025 as well. As I look ahead, I'm confident that our financial framework provides us the necessary flexibility to effectively manage through the unpredictable fluctuations of commodity prices, while optimizing value creation for our shareholders. With the business plan designed to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow, we'll look to grow our fixed dividend over time, pay out as much as 50% of our excess cash flow via a variable dividend, opportunistically buy back shares and take additional steps to improve our financial strength. Furthermore, we possess the flexibility within this framework to lean in to any one of these options to maximize result for shareholders. We believe this balanced and transparent approach is differentiated versus peers. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments. 
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I'd like to close today by reiterating a few key messages. Number one, our team did a superb job of meeting the operational targets we set out for ourselves in the first quarter through solid well productivity and effective cost management. Number two, our disciplined execution resulted in another strong financial performance for the company. This is evidenced by the attractive per share growth we're delivering, substantial cash returns realized by investors and the high returns seen on invested capital. Number three, with a solid start to the year, we're now on track to achieve all of our capital objectives in 2023. Inflation is showing signs of plateauing and our business is well positioned to build momentum and generate substantial free cash flow as we progress through the year. Number four, and lastly, we have the resource depth, execution capabilities, financial strength and disciplined business model to continue to deliver sustainable results through the cycle where a premier energy company are also perfectly positioned to benefit from this multiyear upcycle. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A. 
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions today on the call. With that, operator, we'll take our first question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta : Yes, thank you so much. Appreciate the time. Rick, you alluded in your comments that you might be tracking towards the lower end of the guidance as it relates to CapEx and costs. Can you talk about that? And is that a function of any early signs of cost -- service cost deflation as well? 
Rick Muncrief: Well, Neil, I think we're watching a lot of things. We have seen a softening in the market, but I think as we've laid out in our guidance, there's really no change. We'll see how it plays out through the year, but as I alluded to, and then Clay had in his prepared remarks, we are seeing some softening and we'll just see on how that plays out. But I do see right now, no change.
Neil Mehta : And then the follow-up is just around the Q2 guide, obviously strong Q1 results. Q2 oil guide was a little bit below consensus. Is that just timing of completion and activity? And just anything you could say around the cadence of volumes over the course of the year? 
Rick Muncrief: Yes. It is strictly time. And I'll have Clay weigh in, also more color, Neil. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Neil, just think of the -- our band, as we try and pursue flat production, is somewhere in that 320, maybe 330 right -- or excuse me 320 to 330, excuse me, that band in there. And I think the second quarter is going to be on the low end as we expect that third quarter to be on the high end of that range. But no, our original guide, that's still very much intact and we feel good about it. As you start really dialing in, I mean, the plus or minus 1% of our numbers, it's definitely affected by timing. You bring that big pad on early in the quarter, later in the quarter. We've got some other things going. We're a little front-end loaded on the capital with that fourth frac crew. So you'll see that kind of peel off. That affects kind of the very tail end of the year, but we'll see the biggest quarter of the year in the third quarter.
Neil Mehta : Make a lot of sense. Thank you guys.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Arun, please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram : Yes. Good morning. Clay, maybe for you. I was wondering if you could provide some thoughts on the integration of the RimRock and the latest assets, we've seen production. Maybe down a little bit since on a premier former basis versus when you announced the deals, but I wondering if you could talk about how those assets are performing relative to your expectations?
Clay Gaspar: Sure, Arun. Good question. I appreciate it, and I'll look -- I'll pan out just a little bit because we did RimRock and Validus kind of back to back. I would say, from an integration standpoint, they've both gone exceptionally well. We certainly learned some things on RimRock, we immediately applied to Validus and always looking to continue to get better. Specifically on the Validus side, we're certainly learning things, I've alluded to in some of my remarks, additional upside that we didn't even contemplate in that acquisition. On the RimRock side, or the Williston, really the Northern US, has been plagued by some pretty cold weather. That has not -- we've definitely been affected by that. And then digging out from that, everyone is reaching for those workover rigs, kind of all reaching for the same equipment, so there's a little bit of a backlog associated with that. And then honestly, we've seen a little bit of more offset frac activity that we've shut wells in for, so that impacts things. But one of the things we're learning about the late innings in Williston is some of these wells would have kind of complicated depletion metrics to them. So you have -- might had a crosscut well that has a lower -- a little bit more depletion in part of that lateral. That's causing some interesting things around how do we clean these wells out, how do we provide the right artificial lift. We've made some really good strides there. Really excited about the latest group of wells that are coming online. But I think all three of those factors have caused us to probably underperform a little bit in the second quarter relative to expectations, first and second quarter. But I see that already in the second quarter, things are starting to pick up, and I'm really excited about that asset and it continues to be such a critical piece of Devon's portfolio. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up, Clay, it sounds like the team is working on some R&D efforts to unlock inventories. So I was wondering if you could maybe detail what exactly you're testing and perhaps some opportunities to grow your inventory base?
Clay Gaspar : Yeah. There's a lot of it going around the company and a lot of stuff that we're -- is pretty early innings. We're not talking a whole lot just yet, but one that we are talking about is in South Texas, the Zgabay project, in particular Department of Energy-funded, something that we've shared pretty broadly with the industry in a number of forums. And the real win so far have been from completion design, refracking and then the earliest knowledge we're getting around some EOR, some enhanced oil recovery. So that's all very exciting. I can tell you we've already put some of that information to work. The refracking activity is very encouraging. Some of that is pretty unique to the Eagle Ford. Talked about some of the reservoir characteristics there. It has an ability to stay really -- the original completion tends to stay very near wellbore, and so it gives you that opportunity to feather in a few more wells or other basins. That just really doesn't work very well. And then the re-stem, figuring out the techniques how to go about this, how to prosecute this and we've seen tremendous upside. So all of that is great inventory. And most of it, to be honest, is upside from what we underwrote with the Validus acquisition. 
Arun Jayaram: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist. Neal, please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann : Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. My first question is just on shareholder returns, specifically Rick for -- you are one of the guys. Just -- are there certain levels where you'd continue to materially lean into the buybacks based under assume sort of mid-cycle prices? And then if you continue to have some nice divestitures like you had, would those continue to go to incremental variable dips?
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, Neal, this is Jeff. Yeah, thanks for the question. What you're going to see from us is more of the same on the model, and you described it well, which was certainly to the extent where we see opportunities to buy back our shares, when we see that valuation dislocate, if you will, from our view of the intrinsic value which certainly happened in the first quarter. Post our February call, we saw the stock trade on a relative basis to the peers in a negative way. And we jumped in with both feet and bought back shares in a big way. We think that's the beauty and the balance of our -- the flexibility of our model, which is it provides us the cash and the wherewithal to go take advantage of those opportunities. So moving forward, that's absolutely our expectation. If we see the stock trade off relative to the group or dislocate from our view of intrinsic value over the longer term, you should expect for us to lean in on the share repurchase program. All the while, our first priority is to sustain and grow the fixed dividend, which we plan to continue to do, and then feather in the variable dividend, the -- up to 50% of our free cash flow in any given quarter is going to go to the variable dividend. So that flexibility and balance that we have in the model, we think has served us really well over the last three years, and you should expect that to continue going forward. 
Neal Dingmann: Yes, that's great. You all stepping into that. And then secondly, my question probably, Clay, for you or Rick on the Delaware infrastructure. Rick, it sounded like you were confident, you all have the needed infrastructure now in place to handle the growth. The remainder of the year, I'm just wondering if you all could talk about now, maybe what the buildouts look like or what type of growth that infrastructure now can handle in the coming quarters. It looks like -- sounds like, it's where you want it to be.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Thanks, so Neil, I mean, we've -- I mentioned Clay and Clay drove home the point. We're really confident in our infrastructure -- actually the recovery and from downtime. And more importantly, we are staying ahead of it. We have a great team that -- on the build-out. It's working really well. And then we have third-party providers that we have great relationships with, and we have a tendency to try to work a year and two and three years down the road. And when you've got the inventory we do, the execution you do, you can sit down with people and plan that out because that's what the Permian is going to continue to need year after year after year as continued infrastructure growth. And I'd say it's going really well. 
Neal Dingmann: No, I appreciate that. Thank you, Rick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James. John, please go ahead.
John Freeman: Good morning. Thanks a lot. Looking at the success of the 3-milers you did on those six Wolfcamp wells, do you have a sense of how much of your acreage, what percent maybe of those undeveloped locations would be candidates for those three-mile developments in the Delaware? 
Clay Gaspar: John, I will wing it a little bit. I think it's about 20% this year that we're going to be drilling the three-mile laterals. It's always a little bit in flux. We're always trying to trade the opportunities. I can tell you, our -- we feel very confident in the returns of the two-mile laterals. That's kind of our go-to with most of our acreages set up. I think it's just really where we see those opportunities to turn a one mile into a two or turn a few ones into a three, those turn into really phenomenal economics. So what I would say is operationally, we're very comfortable drilling three-mile laterals today. I think we've got that recipe down. So operationally, it's not a challenge. It's strictly just looking at the land and where is it set up for 2s and where is it set up for 3s. 
John Freeman: Great, and then just my follow-up question. I just want to make sure that in the filings, I'm kind of interpreting this correctly. So the contingency payments, the remaining $130 million you got from Barnett. At the current strip, should I assume you get the remaining $65 million in 1Q '24, the other $65 million 1Q '25 at the current strip?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, John. You're exactly right. As it relates to the contingency payments, it varies obviously by commodity price, both oil and gas. And at a $65 oil price, which above a $65 oil price where we are today, we would expect to receive around $20 million. And then from a gas price standpoint, it's tiered from $2.75 all the way up to $3.50, and the variability there is anywhere from $20 million to $45 million. So, where the current strip sits today, I haven't looked at -- you're probably somewhere in the mid-3s, I would guess. So that would be another $25 million or $35 million that you could expect to receive on top of that oil payment. 
John Freeman: That’s great. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it.
Jeff Ritenour: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from Cowen. David, please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for taking my questions today guys. Just wanted to follow up on some of the thoughts around the buybacks in the first quarter and using the cash balance opportunistically. Does that in any way sort of inform your view on how you're looking at further consolidation this year? Obviously, Devon was a pretty active participant last year, but are the opportunities that you're seeing in the A&D market just sort of less robust than what you would have seen last year relative to the on value of your own stock?
Rick Muncrief: Dave, good question. I think for us, when we did the two transactions last year, we talked about the metrics that we bought those packages at and you've heard Clay talk about some of the -- particularly down in the Eagle Ford, some of the additional upside that we've seen. So we feel very, very good about those. I think the market has pulled back up too, expectations are a little higher. Some of the packages in the market today, I think we'll probably take -- we'll look at them. But once again, we have a high bar. And I don't know that you'll see us being that active in some of the packages that are out in the market today. So we see how that all plays out. But once again, that takeaway is a high bar. And if it fits us, makes sense for our strategy, then something we may consider.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And Clay, if I could just ask a little bit more about ZGABAY. Just more around the scope of the project, how long the DOE grant last for in this partnership? And then, in terms of EOR, are you looking at gas re-injection, or is it all CO2? Is it mostly re-fracs? I guess just the total scope and duration and how this would be applied to some of your other active basins.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Excellent question, I love talking about it. This was a project that I think was originally conceived in West Texas. That project ended up falling through and through some great work of our team here being very heads up, say, hey, we've got an opportunity where we can do some of those same things in the Eagle Ford. We've got the right set up, the geology operations, and it was taken up. So we did a lot of very interesting work. We took a horizontal core to really understand that fracture network. I talked about these fractures healing up and what that means to that stimulated rock volume, and ultimately, our depletion zone that we're seeing on any individual wellbore. So we were able to see where do those fractures kind of breakthrough, where do we actually have proppant, and therefore, where do we think we're actually seeing some of the depletion. We've used that information in our stimulation design, knowing what the original recipe was, kind of how do we alter that. And then, as we go back into these re-fracs, as you can imagine, it's a mechanical complicated activity. You have to go in and run a liner and then ultimately, you're trying to stimulate new rock. And so with this information, we've been able to leverage that science and go in and really, we believe, stimulate new and incremental rock and really up the reserves, the recoveries from these original well-bores. That's all been not just scientifically exciting in practice, seeing the returns and seeing that value come through. When we look at EOR, this project is really about injecting natural gas and a huff-and-puff kind of model. That's still an early project, understanding how that works. We have a lot of monitoring subsurface from gauges to fiber optics and really watching for what are we influencing from that injection and how ultimately we were covering more rock. So there's a lot of good information out there. The team has done a phenomenal job at presenting at various technical conferences. So if you're interested, there's lots of great intel out there to dig further into.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks Clay and thanks for your time guys.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Portillo from TPH. Matthew, please go ahead.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning all.
Clay Gaspar: Hi Matt.
Matthew Portillo: Just to start out, as we look across the portfolio, it's nice to have a diversified asset. Curious, as you guys look at the returns by basin and with the volatility in the commodity strip, how you're thinking about capital allocation to some of the basins like the ANADARKO in particular, given low natural gas and NGL prices as well as some downside volatility to crude oil as we progress through the year?
Clay Gaspar: Hey Matt, this is Clay. Great question, in the last 12 months, we've kind of tested every flavor of commodity price. High oil price, low oil price, high relative gas price, 10:1, it was $80 and $8 at one point. And so we've run the sophisticated model that we have in a number of scenarios really looking for when does our portfolio really command that we shift the capital allocation materially? And what was interesting is, in all of those scenarios that we ran even some of the gas-levered opportunities, it still said keep pushing towards oil, keep pushing towards the Permian, the Delaware Basin. We're still always commanding capital first. As we've matured our understanding of places like the Eagle Ford, certainly, it's risen up. And with the acquisition of Validus, it's commanding more capital, as I mentioned earlier. As we stress test the gas side, certainly, things like the gas-prone areas of the Anadarko become more stressed. But remember, the preponderance of our investment is on the Dow JV, which is the gas condensater. So you get a high -- significant amount of condensate in those wells, and then also that carry really helps us support pretty phenomenal economics even in this commodity price environment. Now look, we're always watching. We're always rerunning this. This isn't a single once-a-year scenario. This is a monthly exercise. We're always stress testing, and you can bet we're making changes on the margins. We will pull a few wells out of the system for this year, replace a few as opportunities come our way. Maybe it's a trade that just came to us or a new opportunity that the team has discovered. We're always evolving on the margins. But what I can tell you is our program is very consistent and very robust, certainly even in today's commodity price and service cost because we believe the service cost is still decoupled from today's commodity price.
Matthew Portillo: Great and then, Clay, maybe as a follow-up for one of the longer-dated resource basins in your portfolio. Just curious your updated thoughts on the Powder? I know it's not overly active this year, but you'll continue to progress the Niobrara in particular. Kind of curious how you've seen results so far and how maybe the costs are stacking up there as well? 
Clay Gaspar: Matt, great question. I love talking about the Powder because it is kind of behind-the-scenes. It is something that I'm really, really proud of the work that the team has done. On the front end of the challenge is de-risking the productivity. Making sure that when we drill a well, wherever we are in the basin, that we have a good understanding of what it can deliver. The second order is how do we get the cost structure down, so that we generate the right competitive return? I can tell you on the former, we've made tremendous progress, and that's really exciting. To me, that's the -- if you don't have good rock, you can't do anything about that. We've got good rock. We've been able to improve the productivity, prove that up time and time again. On the well cost, to me, that surface considerations that we can always improve on. Have a tremendous confidence in the team to be able to drive those costs down in time. And so that is something we're now working on to ultimately get to a place of more competitive and sustainable returns. But we've got a ton of inventory there. It is very oil prone, and that will certainly have its day in the sun in the coming years. So really great progress from the team there.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC. Scott, please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Yes, thanks. Hey, Jeff, I was just kind of curious. When you step back and look at the balance sheet, I mean, you got about $800 million, $900 million of cash. I know you talked about the debt coming due, you want to take down later this year. But as you start thinking about the quantum of incremental buybacks, do you all just really focus on what is left in free cash flow, or is there some optionality to utilize the cash balance? And any color on kind of working cap per -- cash needs per working capital too would be helpful. 
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. You bet, Scott. It's a good question and one we've been thinking a lot about. If you think about our cash balance, what you heard me say historically, it's somewhere between $500 million to $1 billion cash balance on the balance sheet. It's kind of what we try to optimize for and work towards. You've seen us kind of hover around that level, certainly over the last several quarters. Moving forward, we're going to stay focused on the financial model that we've been pursuing for the last three years, with 50% going to the variable and then 50% accruing back to the balance sheet. We feel really comfortable with our leverage position where it is today. Obviously, we've got a target out there of kind of one times net debt to EBITDA. We're significantly below that currently. We certainly would flex up and back and forth depending on the market conditions and that, again, is what we think is the real beauty of our model, which it provides us the flexibility as we did this last quarter to utilize free cash flow generated, whether it's the current quarter or previous quarters, and then push that back into a buyback program, right? So obviously, over this last quarter, we chose to pull down the cash balance. That's certainly something we might do in the future as well, depending on the market conditions that we see. And really, it's the real benefit of the flexibility of the model that we've rolled out, which allows us along with the strength of our balance sheet to really step in and take advantage of opportunities. Whether it be acquisitions that we saw, obviously, last year or the stock buyback opportunity that we saw here in the first quarter. 
Scott Hanold: Thanks. That's a good answer and maybe this one is for Clay. When you think about the tighter spacing in the Eagle Ford, I know we've -- the industry has gone from tightening and widening and tightening in whether it's a Permian and the Eagle Ford before, and it seems like there's always an aptitude to eventually go back to wider spacing when oil prices come down. But can you kind of speak to the resiliency of this tighter spacing if we do see lower oil prices? Do you guys think you'll stick with it, or is that just work given the current context around oil prices in the strip? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. It's an excellent point because it -- we certainly, as an industry, have lived all of those spectrums, and myself included. So, while we generally believe up-spacing is the right move in most basins, we would rather have more robust returns and be able to withstand a fall in commodity price. I think that has generally served us better time and time again. As we look at the Eagle Ford and certainly the maturity of that basin, we're really looking at how do you get those remaining resources most effectively depleted. And so the work that we did at Zgabay [ph] is part of the -- a significant part of the highlight. When you're really kind of sampling that rock, really understanding how that wellbore drainage is really happening downhole, that gives you great insight into not just blindly down-spacing and hoping for the best or statistically hoping for the best, this gives you very good kind of tangible evidence of what we're doing there. We're going to be real cautious about it. Certainly, we have -- we've been very, very pleased with the results so far. But we will continue to watch service cost, continue to watch commodity price, and always reserve the right to get smarter. 
Scott Hanold: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Doug, please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Rick, it's not so long -- it's not so long ago that Devon was not only the best performing stock in the sector over an extended period, but the best performing stock the S&P 500. I think it was most of 2021, if I recollect. I'm wondering, given that one could argue the market has, therefore, recognized the value of what the combined company is and benchmarking the free cash flow capacity with some additional tax headwinds perhaps going ahead, I'm wondering how you would characterize your value proposition today? What do you think you need to do to break out beyond just a call on the commodity? 
Rick Muncrief: Yes, I think, Doug, just -- it's incumbent upon this management team. We just need to execute. We just need to stay confident in our plan or strategy. We got great assets, and I do think we've seen some volatility speak to the outperformance that we saw a couple of years ago. That's real, very well documented. And so when you have a period of softness or what appears to be softness in execution, whether it's -- whether or not, and not weather, but whether or not, we saw a pullback and -- because it impacted our numbers. And I think in my mind, maybe a little bit too much so, and -- but at the end of the day, that sets us up for the share repurchase program. We just think that our shares are under way too much pressure. It provides a great opportunity for us and ultimately for shareholders, so that's how we're addressing it. The bottom-line is we have got, as I mentioned, the assets. We've got the inventory. We're doing some great things. I think you've heard some examples from Clay around some of the technological advancements that we're making, I think in some cases, leading the industry, and that's going to continue. That's part of our genetic makeup. And so I think we just have to stay after it and stay confident with our plan and keep executing. And I think things will work out for us. 
Doug Leggate: Okay. I know it's a tricky one to answer, and I appreciate your perspective. My follow-up is on the 0% to 5% growth. Not target necessarily, but outcome that you laid out at the time of the merger. Obviously, the incremental bolt-ons have got you there this year. What about the go forward? And I'm thinking what would the capital budget have to look like to support that? And do you think 12 years of inventory, is enough to support that kind of go-forward visibility? 
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Well, first off, when we talk about the 12 years of inventory, that's -- make sure you -- we're honest with each other, and we realize that's what's -- that's not contemplating the additional inventory that we see out there that will move over to the near-term bucket. And so the way I look at it is we have closer to a 20-year inventory. When you start looking across our entire asset base, some of the ideas that we have, some of the assessment work that we're doing. I think you and I have talked about that before, making sure we continue to work for the future. So I think we've got an extended runway on inventory. So the 5% -- 0% to 5%, that's what we laid out at the time of the merger. We stuck to that gun. The way we've looked at it is, really there has not been a huge call on getting up to that 5% growth. So our focus has been let's continue to implement on a per share basis. And so when you start looking at some of the transactions that we did, the accretion there, you start looking at the buybacks. I think that's, what we hear continually from our largest shareholders, Doug. Let's focus on those per share growth metrics and let's continue to build this thing for the long haul. 
Doug Leggate: I like shared comment. Thanks so much, Rick
Rick Muncrief: Okay. Thank you 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Paul, please go ahead. 
Paul Cheng: Hi, good morning, everyone. I have to apologize first because I want to go back into the variable dividend and buyback. Rick, you just mentioned that we should focus on the per share metrics. From that standpoint, will the buyback be a more preferred way to return cash to the shareholders and variable dividend? And also, then after more than two years -- have we looked at it and do you believe the stock or that the company has been rewarded for the variable dividend given that your yield is so high already? That's the first question. 
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Paul, this is Jeff. 
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Go ahead, Jeff, and I'll follow up. 
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I was just going to say again, Paul, and we talked about this a lot with you in the past. With us, it's all of the above. So we've delivered on a sustainable fixed dividend which we're growing over time. We've got the framework which allows for the variable dividend up to 50% and then stock buybacks on top of that. We're not biased to one or the other. Over the long term, we think that balanced approach makes the most sense. Certainly, as Rick mentioned earlier, to the extent that we see an opportunity to jump in and buy back our shares when we see a dislocation versus intrinsic value, we're going to do that, and that has the opportunity to accrete per share growth for us over time. But at the end of the day, it's about total shareholder return, right? It's not just the dividend, it's not just the buyback, it's not just the stock price, it's that total shareholder return. And we think over the longer term, this model and this balanced approach will deliver the best results. And I'll point out over the last two years, we're the number one company as it relates to total shareholder return and that includes the last several quarters. So we feel pretty confident in our game plan. We're going to keep our head down and execute and deliver on that game plan. And we think when we wake up many, many years from now, we will have delivered a great result for shareholders. 
Paul Cheng: Okay. The second question is probably for Clay. I think you answered the earlier question saying that 20% of the Delaware Basin well to be drilled this year will be three miles. If we look at your risk inventory of 4,500, do you have a rough estimate that what percentage of that number just on the three miles? Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Hey Paul, I'm going to fuzzy that number. On the 20%, reminder, that's a rough number for this year and probably a little bit rougher. But I would say directionally, it's probably about the same, maybe a little bit lighter to that number as I think forward on the inventory. Remember, a lot of this happens kind of evolves in our land shop as they make trades and kind of extend that runway a little bit, so it's a pretty healthy number. Our standard is two miles. Again, the returns on two-mile laterals in the Delaware Basin are phenomenal. And so we don't need that three-mile to make the numbers work. But when it comes our way, it sure is a nice thing. And once again, I feel very confident in our operational ability to execute on three-mile laterals. That's become a fairly standard fair for the team in the Delaware.
Paul Cheng: And can you just -- curious that the opportunity of trade up and make the well from, say, two miles into three miles or even one mile to three miles, is it focusing primarily in Delaware, or that -- another basin that you also see the opportunity there? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes, we've drilled three-mile wells in multiple basins. And certainly, the Niobrara and the Powder is kind of built on a three-mile concept. We've drilled at least 20 years, 30 wells, three-mile wells in the Williston, so this is something that we feel very confident in our ability to execute on. And again, most of our performance, most of our wells we execute on are actually about two-mile laterals in general and that's become kind of our standard. But where the opportunity presents, we feel very comfortable in executing three-mile laterals.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thank you. Thank you.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Roger, please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning.
Roger Read: I'd like to come back to a couple of maybe the more operational questions. Your comments earlier about where you're seeing inflation, maybe get an idea of how sort of the, let's call it, disinflation maybe at this point would flow through? Where you're seeing it? Where we should expect to see maybe the bigger benefits? 
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Roger, this is Clay. The last couple of earnings calls, I've talked more about the tone of the conversation. And I think that's your best -- in my view, best leading indicator where prices are gone. And it's gone from a very aggressive, you-will-take-our-prices-or-you're-not-going-to-get-our-equipment circa two or three quarters ago to something a little more along the lines of, hey, we love you guys, you're our favorite customer. We really want to work with you, but we're not conceding on price. I would say state-of-the-art today is lots of inbound phone calls, lots of equipment available. They're really, really trying to hang on to pricing, but some areas are starting to slip, and so we're starting to see some deflation in a couple of categories. The headline, of course, is pipe. We're seeing that kind of materially start to move through in the second half of the year. And then we're starting to see some smaller categories as well start to come down. Again, I'll remind you, for us in particular, we took our fourth quarter numbers, put about a single-digit inflation on top of that and that's how we plan for 2023. I think we're still in line with that. We still have contracts, two and three-year old contracts that are maturing this year that will be going up to offset some of the wins that we're seeing in the deflationary category. I would say state-of-the-art today, things have leveled out. We're seeing a few wins in a couple of categories, but the availability is a material change and our ability to high grade equipment, high-grade crews has really continued to translate into better operations, in fact, moving the wells quicker through the drilling and completions phase.
Roger Read: Okay. So we should expect not just a decline in cost, but you would expect also an improvement in productivity as you high grade across the board?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, we're definitely seeing some of that. We see some of that in the second quarter already, activity being pulled forward. And these are just a few days at a time, but that's one of the things we're seeing from a capital standpoint in the second quarter.
Roger Read: Okay, great. And then my follow-up question is on the refrac wells. I know it's early days in this, but I was just curious, is there a type of well or a vintage of well that works best? And then going back to a question earlier about where you should put your money in terms of the returns. I'm guessing oil over gas. But just as a broad comment, how does the return on a refrac compare to the returns on new drilling, your capital program as currently laid out?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. I think you're in the right categories when you're thinking about what is the ideal candidate. Ideally, really good rock that was really understimulated, maybe an ancient design that had a larger final string, like a 5.5-inch casing string, that you can run inside of and seal that back off and reperforate and restimulate. That's our ideal scenario, but we've tested beyond that. We said, what about a more modern completion? What about in not the most ideal rock, but the medium rock? And we've seen favorable results there. As you can imagine, it acts up like any portfolio. You have some of your best candidates that compete head-to-head with new wells. And then you have lots of middle grade contact -- middle grade opportunities, and those are the ones we're continuing to evaluate. Maybe there's a little tweak on the stimulation design that we can push those into the very best category, like some of those ones we've seen upfront. So still relatively early days, but very pleased with the progress. And again, this is -- the beautiful thing is the land is already paid for, the surface facility is already paid for, the infrastructure is already in place, and that can really help these returns from an immediacy and a capital efficiency standpoint.
Roger Read: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks Roger.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we're at the end of our time slot for today. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon, and if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and our outlook for Devon in 2023. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief : Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us. On the call today, I will cover three key topics: our record-setting performance in 2022, the strong outlook we have for 2023, and the cadence of our capital and production in the upcoming year. Now to begin with, I'd like to turn your attention to Slide 6 and 7, which cover our results for the past year. As you can see, for Devon Energy, 2022 was another year of outstanding accomplishments. We achieved all the capital objectives associated with our disciplined operating plan. We delivered the best financial performance in our company's prestigious 52-year history. And we took important steps during the year to strengthen the depth and quality of our asset portfolio. The slides on Slide 6 show a great visualization of the solid execution we delivered over the course of 2022. Production per share advanced by 9% year-over-year. This growth resulted from a combination of record oil production that has more than doubled since 2020 to accretive acquisitions and timely stock buybacks. Our streamlined cost structure captured a full benefit of favorable commodity prices, expanding per unit margins year-over-year. Returns on capital employed set a new company record at 39% for the year. This impressive return profile outpaced the S&P 500 by a substantial margin, and this strong capital efficiency translated into free cash flow reaching an all-time high of $6 billion in 2022, more than doubling the previous year. I want to congratulate the entire team at Devon for these accomplishments in 2022. This type of operational excellence and financial performance differentiates Devon as one of the premier energy companies in the U.S. Another key highlight for 2022 was the market-leading cash returns we deliver to investors. On Slide 7, we have included a comparison of our total cash payout that reached around 10% for the year versus other opportunities in the market. As you can see in the red portion of the bar, Devon's dividend payout was more than double that of the energy sector and vastly superior to every sector in the S&P 500. However, I want to be quick to add that we are not just a high-yielding dividend story, we are also compounding per share growth for investors through the execution of our $2 billion share repurchase program. By upsizing this buyback authorization twice during the year, we reduced our outstanding share count by 4% since program inception and security shares as a substantial discount to current trading levels. We also supplemented per share growth in 2022 by deploying a portion of our excess cash toward taking advantage of unique M&A opportunities. These acquisitions in the Williston and Eagle Ford were highly complementary to our existing acreage, and we secured and met an attractive and accretive valuation and capture top-tier oil resource in the best part of these prolific fields. While tough to come by, these transactions successfully demonstrate another way, our plan can create value for shareholders. On Slide 11, as we shift our focus to 2023, I want to be clear that there's no change to our disciplined strategy. At Devon, we are driven by per share value creation, not the pursuit of produced volumes. For the upcoming year, we have designed a consistent capital program to sustain production, deliver high returns on capital employed and generate significant free cash flow that can be harvested for shareholders. Now let's run through some of the highlights of our 2023 outlook. Beginning with production, we expect volumes to build throughout 2023, to reach an average of 643,000 to 663,000 BOE per day for the full year, of which approximately half is oil. Combined with the tailwinds from share repurchases and our two well-timed acquisitions, our volumes on a per share basis are on track to deliver an attractive high single-digit growth rate once again in 2023. The capital investment required to deliver this production profile is expected to range from $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion with these capital requirements being self-funded at pricing levels as low as a $40 WTI oil price. This low breakeven funding level showcases the durability of our business model and positions us with an attractive free cash flow yield in 2023 that screens as much as 2x higher than other key indices in the market. With this strong free cash flow, we will continue to prioritize the funding of our dividend, which includes an 11% hike to our fixed dividend payout beginning in March. We will also have plenty of excess cash after the dividend to evaluate opportunistic share buybacks or take steps to further improve our balance sheet. Lastly, on Slide 12, I would like to end today's comments with a few key thoughts on the trajectory of our capital spending and production profile as we progress through 2023. Beginning with capital, we planned for spending to be slightly elevated in the first half of the year due to the addition of a temporary fourth frac crew in the Delaware Basin. This elevated completion activity in the Delaware is expected to be wrapped up by midyear, resulting in reduced capital spending over the second half of 2023. Looking specifically at first quarter production, we expect volumes to approximate 635,000 BOE per day. Our production during the quarter is expected to be temporarily limited by three factors: first, due to the timing of activity, we expect to bring online around 90 gross-operated wells in the first quarter. This will be our lowest quarterly amount for the year. However, activity does ramp up from here with roughly 15% more wells online per quarter over the remainder of 2023 compared to the first quarter. Another factor impacting near-term production is infrastructure downtime in the Delaware Basin due to a temporary outage at a compressor station in the Stateline area, along with some minor third-party midstream interruptions in the area. We estimate these outages will limit first quarter volumes by around 10,000 BOE per day. However, we expect to fully resolve these issues and resume operation by the end of the quarter. Lastly, our forecast is also assuming that we elect to reject ethane at several processing facilities across our portfolio in the first quarter. This is expected to limit volumes by roughly 10,000 BOE per day during the quarter. The key takeaway here is that while our first quarter production will be held back a bit due to timing of activity and infrastructure, we do expect volumes to fully recover and increase over the remaining few quarters of 2023 to an average of roughly 660,000 BOE per day. So in summary, since we first unveiled the industry's very first cash return pointing mark in late 2020, we have created tremendous amount of value for our shareholders. 2021 was a great year, 2022 was one for the record books and 2023 is shaping up to be another excellent year for Devon. The outlook beyond 2023 is also exceptionally bright given my belief that we are still in the early stages of a multiyear energy upcycle. This conviction is anchored by supplying constraints from a decade of global underinvestment, ongoing sanctions on Russian production, a generational low in OPEC spare capacity, fiscal discipline among U.S. producers and the inevitable rise in demand for our products as global economies normalize and grow post-COVID. I fully expect this favorable supply and demand set up to be another catalyst for our energy appreciation or equity appreciation as more investors rediscover highly profitable and value-oriented names like Devon.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover a few operational results and more details regarding our capital activity in 2023. Clay?
Clay Gaspar : Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. In addition to our strong 2022 financial results, Devon also continued a run of strong operational execution as well. As you can see on Slide 14, this was evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments including a new all-time high for oil production that was underpinned by another year of world-class well productivity in the Delaware. Devon's oil-weighted production mix, coupled with our low-cost asset base, allowed us to capture record margins and maintain low reinvestment rates of just over 30% of cash flow. We also efficiently expanded our resource base in 2022 with proved reserves advancing 12% through the combination of strong drilling results and by seamlessly integrating two property acquisitions during the year. Flipping to Slide 15. You can see that these strong operating results in '22 also place us in the top echelon of capital efficiency for the entire industry, differentiating Devon in this crowded and competitive space. These operational achievements across every phase of the business demonstrate the power of Devon's advantaged asset portfolio, the success of our rigorous capital allocation process and the quality of our people to extract the most value out of these assets through superior execution. For the remainder of my prepared remarks, I plan to discuss the key capital objectives and catalyst of our '23 operating plan. For '23, we plan to maintain a very similar activity level as compared to the fourth quarter of '22, which was the first full quarter of operations with our recently acquired assets in the Williston Basin and Eagle Ford. Overall, we plan to run consistently 25 rigs throughout the year, resulting in approximately 400 new wells placed online in 2023. Turning to Slide 16. Once again, the Delaware Basin will be the top funded asset in our portfolio, representing roughly 60% of our total capital budget for this year. To execute on this plan, we will operate 16 rigs across our acreage footprint with the sweet spots in Southern Lea and Eddy Counties in the Stateline area of Texas, receiving most of the funding. Approximately 90% of our capital will be allocated towards high-return development activity in the Upper Wolfcamp and Bone Spring while the remaining 10% will be allocated towards delineating upside opportunities in a deeper Wolfcamp that will add to the depth and quality of our inventory in the basin. Importantly, we expect overall well productivity from this program to be very consistent with the high-quality wells we have brought online over the past few years. We are also well positioned to maximize value for our production in the Delaware for the upcoming year. The marketing team has done an excellent job of diversifying across multiple transportation outlets and sales points allowing us to avoid many of the takeaway constraints in the basin. Looking specifically at the gas volumes, approximately 95% of our gas in the Delaware is protected by either firm takeaway constraints -- excuse me, contracts, or Gulf Coast by regional basis swaps. With oil production, we expect our revenue to benefit from access to premium Brent pricing through Pin Oak's export terminal in Corpus Christi. This advanced pricing, combined with low LOE plus GP&T cost structure of around $7 per BOE will drive another year of strong margins and excellent free cash flow from this franchise asset. And lastly, on this slide, I would like to provide a few more thoughts on our first quarter infrastructure downtime in the Delaware. As pointed out on the map, in late January, we had a fire at one of our compressor stations in the Stateline area that severely damaged the electrical system and the [DI] unit. The station is our largest operated compressor facility in the basin with capacity of 90 million cubic feet per day and is a key component to our centralized gas lift operations in the surrounding area. We have secured necessary replacement equipment and the team is currently on site repairing the facility. With this disruption and other third-party midstream downtime in the area, we expect to have a negative production impact of 10,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. With the quick reaction time and the team's focus on safety and recovery, we expect to have this facility back up and the affected production fully restored by mid-March, and we do not expect to have any negative production impacts drag into the second quarter. Turning to Slide 17 and moving on to the Eagle Ford. The team has done a great job integrating the Validus acquisition into our operations resulting in our fourth quarter production nearly doubling to 68,000 BOE per day. With this increased scale, the Eagle Ford will play a much bigger role in our capital allocation in the upcoming year, accounting for just over 15% of our total capital spend. During the year, we plan to run a steady 3-rig program with 70% of the activity deployed towards developing our recently acquired acreage in Karnes County with the remaining capital invested in our JV partner, [WPX] in DeWitt County. Overall, this development-oriented activity is designed to maintain steady production in 2023. Looking beyond the production trajectory, a key catalyst for this asset in the upcoming year will be the continued appraisal of resource upside from tighter redevelopment spacing and refracs. Early results indicate there's a lot more oil to be recovered from this prolific play over time. As we get more data points, I expect to provide more commentary on this important resource expansion catalyst in the near future. Moving to the Anadarko Basin. In 2022, the team's approach of wider well spacing and larger completions design consistently delivered triple-digit returns with the benefit of our $100 million carry with Dow. As we look ahead to 2023, I expect continued value creation as we plan to deploy a steady program of 4 operated rigs once again carried by Dow. This program is expected to result in around 40 new wells placed online, focused on primarily the co-development of the Meramec and the Woodford formations in the condensate window of the play. The carried returns of these projects will once again be very strong, allowing us to maintain a steady production profile throughout the year while harvesting significant amounts of free cash flow. For both the Williston and the Powder River Basins, I want to begin by acknowledging the tremendous job our field personnel did in fighting through extremely challenging weather conditions over the past few months. While operations in the fourth quarter were certainly slowed due to these artic conditions, the production from the business was resilient, collectively averaging 80,000 BOE per day between these assets in the Williston and the Powder River Basin. Looking ahead to 2023, approximately 10% of our capital spend will be deployed across these two plays resulting in approximately 50 new wells placed online during the year. Approximately 2/3 of the Rockies capital activity will reside in the Williston Basin. In 2023, the capital objectives for this asset are to efficiently sustain production through low-risk infill drilling, evaluate resource upside with a handful of refrac test, and generate around $700 million of cash flow at today's pricing. In the Powder, our objective is designed to build upon the 3-mile lateral success from last year by taking the next step in the progression of the Niobrara with spacing tests of up to 4 wells per unit. These pilots would not only help us better understand spacing but also help us inform optimal landing zones and completion designs. The key takeaway here is that Powder is one of the few emerging oil plays in North America, and we have a 300,000-acre net position in the core of the oil fairway providing Devon an important oil growth catalyst for the future. Overall, we're very excited about the prospects in 2023. I believe with the high-quality slate of projects we have lined up for the upcoming year, we expect to continue to deliver top-tier capital efficiency that investors have become accustomed to. We're also well positioned to refresh and add our depth of inventory as we execute on these programs in 2023. A good visual reminder of Devon's depth of inventory and upside potential is on Slide 18. I've covered this topic at length during previous calls, so I won't go through the details today, but I do want to emphasize two key takeaways from this slide. First, we have identified roughly 12 years of high-return development inventory evaluated at mid-cycle prices. This inventory positions us to deliver highly competitive results for the foreseeable future. And secondly, I want to highlight that this inventory does not fall off a cliff at the end of year 12. We expect to systematically refresh this inventory over time as we successfully characterize and derisk the many upside opportunities that exist across our diverse set of assets. And lastly, on Slide 19, we are continuing to make significant strides our environmental performance as outlined in our recently published sustainability report. This comprehensive report details Devon's aggressive mid- and long-term ESG targets, including those highlighted on the right side of the slide as well as meaningful steps that we've taken towards meeting these targets. Our actions demonstrate the priority we have placed on long-term carbon reduction intensity of our operations. I'm really proud of the team's commitment to doing business in the right way, which means balancing three mandates: first, providing the critical energy to power the world's economy; second, provide compelling and sustainable returns to our investors; and third, do all of this in an environmentally conscious way. You can expect Devon to continue to raise the bar on all three of these imperatives.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour : Thanks, Clay. I'd like to spend my time today discussing the highlights of our financial performance in 2022 and the capital allocation priorities for our free cash flow as we head into 2023. A good place to start is with a review of Devon's 2022 financial performance, where operating cash flow totaled $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter, an 18% increase versus the year ago period. This level of cash flow funded all capital requirements and resulted in $1.1 billion of free cash flow for the quarter. For the full year 2022, free cash flow reached $6 billion, which is the highest amount Devon has ever delivered in a year and is a powerful example of the financial results our cash return business model can deliver. Turning your attention to Slide 8. With this significant stream of free cash flow, a unique component of our financial strategy is our ability and willingness to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. Under this framework, Devon's dividend payout more than doubled in 2022 to a record high of $5.17 per share. Based on our strong fourth quarter financial performance, we announced a fixed-plus-variable dividend of $0.89 per share that is payable in March and includes the benefit of our 11% raise to the fixed dividend. Another priority for our free cash flow is the execution of our ongoing $2 billion share repurchase program. On Slide 9, you can see that we upsized this buyback authorization twice during the year and we bought back $1.3 billion of stock at prices well below the current market level. Over the past two quarters, our buyback activity has been limited given the large cash outlays associated with our recent acquisitions and our preference to rebuild cash balances to optimize our financial flexibility. As we head into 2023, we expect to be active buyers of our stock, especially if we see trading weakness relative to our peers. On Slide 10, I'd like to give a brief update on our efforts to improve the balance sheet. In the fourth quarter, our cash balances increased by $144 million to total $1.5 billion. With this increased liquidity, Devon exited the quarter with a very healthy net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of only 0.5 turn. Our strong investment-grade financial position provides us the opportunity to return more free cash flow to shareholders and be less aggressive on debt reduction. Moving forward, we'll look to retire debt as it comes due, utilizing our healthy cash balance. Our next debt maturity comes due in August of this year totaling $242 million. We will have additional opportunities to pare down debt with maturities coming due in 2024 and 2025 as well. And finally, I'd like to highlight the excellent return on capital employed we delivered in 2022. As Rick touched on earlier, we achieved a company record 39% return on capital employed during the year. Importantly, even with today's lower commodity price environment, we expect to deliver another fantastic result with return on capital employed projected in excess of 25% based on our provided guidance and current strip pricing. This showcases the durability of our financial model to deliver highly competitive returns through the cycle.  With that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief : Thank you, Jeff. Great job. To wrap up our prepared remarks today, I want to reinforce that at Devon, we are unwavering in our focus to deliver differentiated results for our stakeholders, including our shareholders and employees. To meet these high standards, it all begins with our commitment to be a financially disciplined company that delivers high returns on invested capital, attractive per share growth and large cash returns to shareholders. To achieve these financial goals, we have carefully assembled a long-duration resource base that has high graded to the very best plays on the U.S. cost curve. This resource depth, coupled with the execution capabilities of our team, position us as a premier energy company that can deliver sustainable results through the cycle. Since the merger announcement in 2020, we have delivered on exactly what we promised to do with this disciplined operating model and I expect more of the same in 2023. While we will be slowed down a bit in the first quarter by an unfortunate outage, the pathway to recover is well defined, communicated and the trajectory of our business will only strengthen as we go through the year. Overall, 2023 is going to be another really good year for Devon.  And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody : Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. This allows us to get to more of your questions today on the call.  With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai : So I guess maybe if we could start off with the 2023 plan. Just wondering if you could bridge between kind of that annualized Q4 CapEx guide, which would have implied about $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion in CapEx and then the 2023 budget of kind of the $3.6 billion to $3.8 billion. Just wondering if the increase was primarily related to inflation, activity or something else? And if the new level of CapEx is kind of the sustaining number going forward.
Clay Gaspar : Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. Good question, and happy to talk about it. So yes, we soft guided in the last couple of months, extrapolating our fourth quarter. I think we're very much in line, but it is notably just a touch higher. And so we are continuing to see inflation and I want to define inflation because it's -- as we have conversations at the tip of the spear, I don't sense that we are seeing incremental inflation coming our way. What we have is a maturing of older stale contracts that are coming up to a little bit more kind of current rates. So we experienced some of this in the fourth quarter. We're baking in assumption that we'll see more of this throughout '23. Now some people have wondered on our projection for the second half of '23, do we have any deflation or maybe even an inflection to more inflation in the second half. I would say what we have is a more steady run rate, including just a little bit of incremental inflation, really on the order of maturing our contracts. That may be a little bit on the conservative side. But I think as far as we can see, I think that is kind of what we're experiencing today.
Jeanine Wai : Okay. Great. Thank you, Clay. I appreciate all that detail. Maybe moving to you, Jeff, we heard your commentary about the buyback slowdown in Q4 for good reason. We thought maybe there could have been some kind of catch-up in the quarter because Q3 was probably impacted by the acquisitions. But can you provide any color on just the pace of the buyback in Q4? And is it reasonable to think that you could finish up the remaining 700 million in authorization, which I know would be big, but you talked about being opportunistic. But is it reasonable to think that maybe you can finish authorization by the end of Q1? Or is it more likely to kind of be done by early May when it expires?
Jeff Ritenour : Yes, you bet, Jeanine. Thanks for the question. Yes, you're exactly right on the back half of last year as we walked into the acquisitions with the cash outlays there as well as all the noise that you're well aware of related to blackouts during that time period and certainly in the fourth quarter as we we're leading towards year-end, that made it more difficult for us to get into the market. And then frankly, we were just in a position where we wanted to build back our cash balances to maximize our financial flexibility, as I mentioned in our opening comments. Going forward, to answer your question specific to 2023, we do expect to get back into the market in a bigger way. As it relates to our authorization, as you highlight, that authorization kind of wraps up in the second quarter of this year. Of course, just as we did last year, my expectation is we'll have plenty of opportunities to go back to our Board, to reload that authorization to build upon it as we work it forward. And certainly, our expectation here in the first quarter and moving into the second quarter, is it will look more like the pace that you saw from us in the first half of last year as it relates to the buyback and particularly on days like today where we're trading off relative to the group, that's a point in time where you're going to see us be real opportunistic and aggressive getting into the market and buying our shares back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nitin Kumar from Mizuho.
Nitin Kumar : Rick, I want to -- I think we're going to spend a lot of time on capital efficiency today, but I want to start with cash returns, if I may. Some of your peers have talked about maybe steering away from variable dividends and more towards buybacks just because the dividend payout is a bit variable just by this term. Can you talk about why the current mix of the fixed-plus-variable and the opportunistic buybacks is the right cash return strategy for Devon in your view?
Rick Muncrief : Yes, Nitin, great question. It's one that we've debated here internally, but we always come back to our starting point where we were back in September of 2020 when we announced the merger. And we feel that this framework gives us all types of flexibility. Number one is the fixed dividend is something we've been very proud of. We -- now decades that Devon has delivered on. The variables certainly -- getting 50% of your free cash back to shareholders, and it's a very transparent method of cash return admittedly. Now, what we like about this strategy and this approach is it still gives us opportunity for share repurchases or for debt paydown. If you'll recall, in the first year after the merger, 2021, we actually retired $1.2 billion of debt at some great terms. And so really, really pleased when you look back and certainly that move. So I think for us, we feel that this still is the right framework for us, and so we're going to stick with it and it gives us plenty of opportunities to do the share repurchases. As Jeff just mentioned, certainly, when you see these kind of dislocations from our peer group or our longer-term outlook, we'll certainly contemplate that and we'll be moving on that. So that's no change. That's why we feel very committed to this framework.
Nitin Kumar : I appreciate that, Rick. And just as my follow-up, some of your basin peers have been talking about new technologies that can help improve recovery factors in the Delaware Basin in the Permian. I'm just curious, you mentioned the test that you're doing or the stuff that you're doing in the Eagle Ford. But anything in the Delaware that you can speak to in terms of improving well productivity or efficiencies?
Rick Muncrief : Yes. Let me -- I'm going to start it, and I'm going to pivot and let Clay wrap it up. But the reality is that Devon, we have got an unbelievable technical team here. And it's not just in the Delaware. I know we've got some -- some of our competitor companies are talking about some things. We see that as well. But I can assure you we see longer-term opportunities in the back-end and longer-term opportunities in the Eagle Ford as well. So as Clay touched on, you're going to hear more and more of this in the future from us. But we're really excited with what we see. And then I'll just say this. I can't drive on this point hard enough. And that's whether it's the incremental resource assessment we're doing to develop new inventory for the long term for the company or what we can do from a technical perspective, operational perspective to enhance the longevity and the sustainability of our assets. We're all over that. And I'm going to be really excited to -- in the future to be able to talk about it. So Clay, I'll pivot to you.
Clay Gaspar : Yes, I think, Rick, I think you nailed it. I'll add just a little bit of color. I mean I think this is kind of the brave new frontier as we think about the maturing of resource plays. The land capture, the kind of the easy, relatively easy stuff has been done. And so now we are thinking about, how do we take these overall recovery factors and where there are significant opportunities, how do we eke out that next incremental opportunity. I mentioned a couple, continued on a couple of things we're doing in the Eagle Ford as well as in the Williston. I can tell you, all of those things are extrapolatable to other basins as well. Those happen to be two of our more mature assets, where we truly understand the geology, we understand the development. We have the opportunity to kind of feather in some of these interesting approaches. So there's quite a bit of excitement around that. I would tell you it's a little too early for prime time, but you know that our focus is clearly on that as we think further out into the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup.
Scott Gruber : I want to come back to the comment on inflation that at the tip of the spear, you're seeing a bit less inflation. At this juncture, are you starting to sense that some of the gas directed equipment in the Haynesville is starting to get bid into the Permian. And I know you mentioned your base case is for a bit more inflation over the course of the year. It sounds like mainly on contract role. But is there a case building for deflation in rigs and frac pumps before the end of the year, just given where gas prices at?
Clay Gaspar : Thanks for the question, Scott. Yes, I would say, as I look at it steady state today, we are at a service cost point that is higher than the current strip. And so what that tells me is, in time, as steady state -- as we get into a little bit more steady state conditions, these two things will come together. Either price will come up or service costs come down to kind of converge. What we're seeing is in the front half of the year, we want to make sure we're really clear on this, is we have things pretty well locked down. And so you'll see a lag towards something that conversions -- potentially in the second half of the year that, again, we will see -- we will benefit from in a lagging way but honestly, with all of the crosswinds in '23, I'm not sure where commodity price is going to go, and therefore, net activity, we've seen a pretty wild swing in gas prices over the last six months, absolutely, that will have impact. These rigs are pretty fungible can move from basin to basin by design. And so if that trend continues, we will absolutely see coming down in service costs, certainly in the Permian. Now again, I want to be real clear, we have not baked that into our capital program. We're assuming very steady, very steady state, kind of single-digit type inflation as we think -- as we turn the page from fourth quarter '22 to '23. Because it's really too early to bake any of that in. We're having some very interesting kind of real-time conversations. I can tell you the tone is vastly different than it was just a couple of months ago, and that's encouraging. But I think it's too early to really bake into our capital forecast.
Scott Gruber : I appreciate all that color. And then just a quick one on Delaware operational efficiency. It looks like the drills and tills for this year maybe up a handful versus last year, but pretty similar level, but you guys are running a few more rigs versus early last year and you got that fourth frac crew coming in for the first half. Can you just speak to kind of expectations around lateral length and any other factors kind of impacting overall efficiency in the basin, kind of mix impact from wells targeted in the program this year?
Clay Gaspar : Yes. Thanks for that, Scott. I would say directionally, the lateral length and the working interest when you pan out, are about the same. We may be a little bit longer overall as we started thinking about net spend, you have to think about working interest as well that varies throughout the year. It's probably within the margin of error. When I really look at the efficiency of how quickly we're getting wells down, when you're looking at days, you're looking at hours of pump time on frac crews. Those points of efficiency, I continue to see steady improvement, very encouraging in that regard. And so I would say there is a marginal increase in operational efficiency. Ultimately, what that will yield, as I mentioned a couple of times in my prepared remarks, is essentially the same type well performance, productivity kind of year-over-year. And we're kind of claiming that as a victory, honestly. When you look at the maturation of the overall resource plays and where some of the rest of the industry is, we continue to see kind of flat productivity. Certainly, when you bake in a little bit of inflation, that capital efficiency erodes from a numerator standpoint, not from a denominator. So we're baking all that in, and we're well prepared. But when you really think about where we're at, still the remaining margin is pretty outstanding. We're very optimistic about the net financial results as we project for '23 to be quite an outstanding year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : Rick, first question to you is just on M&A. You talked about the two property acquisitions last year. How do you think about balancing incremental bolt-ons relative to buying back your stock? And what do you think the activity set around M&A could look like in 2023.
Rick Muncrief : Neil, that's a great question. The foundation for us is really the high bar that we've always had on transactions. And so we'll look at transactions. If it makes sense, we'll compare and contrast that with what you're talking about the share repurchases. And I think what you saw, that's the beauty of our model. We had an earlier question about that. The beauty of our model is we can do a little of all those. And so we paid some great dividends, the share repurchases took place, we were able to pay cash for two very accretive acquisitions, bolt-ons. And so I think that's a winning combination. It really is. Now, I do think that you're going to continue to see consolidation in our space. I think there's consolidation needs to take place, and it's healthy for our industry. And I'm very much in that camp. For us, I can tell you we're going to continue to be disciplined and thoughtful and once again, think about over the long haul. And these be something that can compete. We've got a wonderful portfolio. And so we'll always -- that will always be something we look at as an option.
Neil Mehta : And a follow-up for the team is just on the outlook for natural gas. You shared your comments around the oil markets. Gas is a lot more uncertain. It does feel like we might need to see a supply response in order to calibrate the market given where inventories are. So just perspective on the gas macro in 2023? And then how is the lower flat price for gas changing the way Devon is approaching its activity program in 2023. Do you see any changes that you need to make on the margin to respond to the margin environment?
Rick Muncrief : Yes. Neil, I'll start and then I'll have Jeff follow-up, clean up any of my comments. But I think for us, we were on record is going out there a year ago, where we felt like gas actually, some of the commodity price has actually got a little bit ahead of itself. And we're a little surprised it went up quite as fast as it did. I can also say that it's come down a little faster than I thought it would as well. But I think it's driven by two things. Number one, certainly was Freeport with the -- you take 2 Bs a day. There is a cumulative impact of that export capability being lost. And then the second thing is probably in a lot of parts of the country, a little milder winter. Natural gas is still -- we all know this it's still somewhat weather-dependent. It's a lot different than crude oil. And so I think that for us, we're going to continue to stay as oily as we can for as long as we can. I can assure you. We just think that's a winning combination. Obviously, there's some strong gas guys out there, they probably are more appropriate to answer the questions. But Jeff, how are you looking at it longer term?
Jeff Ritenour : Yes. You bet, Neil. Thanks for the question. And I think I would echo Rick's comments. We continue to believe that longer term, there's going to be increased demand for natural gas out of the U.S. given the LNG projects that are going to be built out. Obviously, as we all know, that's still a couple of years out. And in the meantime, we're going to be susceptible to some volatility depending on what weather does and other dynamics like Freeport that impact the market. As Rick also mentioned, we view ourselves as an oil company and 80%, 90% of our revenues are around oil. So we're more focused there. To your second part of your question, Neil, hasn't changed our game plan for this year or going forward as it relates to activity? The answer is no. Again, most of all of our activity is oil-focused and driven by the prices that we see there and the cost structure. So no big change to our game plan as a result of what we've seen in the natural gas markets.
Rick Muncrief : One thing I may add is even some are more gassy development actually is here in the Anadarko. But you have to remember that a big part of that is on Meramec. And so that's a lot different kind of project than, I'd say, an Appalachia or a Haynesville-type project. Many of these wells IP 1,500 barrels a day of condensate. So they are high liquid content and that's what drives returns. That's what drives our interest in it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Doug Leggate : Well, Jeff, everybody, I guess someone else stole my variable dividend question, so I'll have to go with something else. But anyway, nice to be on the call. Two related questions, guys, if I may. And I guess, Jeff, they both might be for you. A year ago on this call, you talked about an ultra-low breakeven around $30. And in your press release yesterday, you talked about -- presentation rather. You talked about a $40 breakeven. It seems that with the moderate inflation, I guess, expectations, those two numbers don't really seem to align. Can you walk through what's changed about $40, $10 increase in breakeven is what you're trying to communicate?
Jeff Ritenour : Yes. No, you bet, Doug. So no question, the cost structure, as we've been talking about, has moved higher on a year-over-year basis. We had the benefit for the better part of 2022 given the supply chain work that we did and the great work that the teams did to kind of lock in, kind of firm contracts with term. You're starting to see some of that unwind now as Clay referenced earlier. And so that contract refresh has resulted in the higher cost structure that you're seeing in this year. And so that's really what's driven that breakeven higher. Now there are some other impacts as you're well aware, our cash taxes, we expect to be higher this year as we've utilized the NOLs in 2022. That's been an impact that's driving that cost higher. But far and away, I know everybody is tired of talking about it, I certainly am as well. But it's the inflationary impact that we've seen across, frankly, every cost category and you use the word moderate, I would actually choose a different adjective. When you think about most of these cost categories we've seen anywhere between 30% and 50% kind of inflation, depending on which cost category you're talking about, that's what we're walking into in 2023. And again, I'd like to think we've protected ourselves well and benefited from the other side of that for the bulk of 2022. But certainly, as we refresh contracts in the fourth quarter of last year, walking into the first and second quarter of this year, you're seeing some of that impact, and it's certainly driven that breakeven higher.
Doug Leggate : I guess I was referencing moderate versus the fourth quarter. But yes, you're quite correct. Thanks, Jeff, for correcting. Well, thanks for the clarification. I guess my follow-up, it might be for you, Jeff, and it might be for Rick, but I'm looking at the free cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2022. And it's basically the same as the free cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2021 with higher oil and gas price. And I guess my question is that with the deferred tax, it looks like that's going to move lower to your point versus the fourth quarter. On a normalized basis, Q4 would probably be lower than a year ago than -- if the deferred tax moves per your guidance. So I guess my question is, I don't want to say free cash flow has peaked but it kind of feels like outside of a commodity call, it kind of has. And so when you think about creating value in an inflationary environment, how do you expand free cash flow outside there, I say, of something like an acquisition. What do you do to drive value accretion, which is ultimately a function of free cash flow expansion? I'll leave it there.
Jeff Ritenour : Yes. I appreciate the question. You're spot on. I mean, that's why our focus here internally, and Clay referenced this in his comments earlier, is around the focus on that cost structure, the productivity and the efficiency of the wells that we're drilling. That's the piece that we can control, right? Obviously, we don't have a lot of help on the revenue side. You're certainly correct to the extent that commodity prices go higher, which we frankly expect that to happen given what we've seen in the market. That certainly would be incremental free cash flow to us but we can't count on that. And so what we're focused on as a company internally is around our cost structure and being more efficient every day in the field, in the office on the things that we can control. And so the good news, as Clay referenced, is we're continuing to see improvement on that front. We're continuing to squeeze white space out of the Gantt chart and on a day-to-day on each of our projects, but it's got to be focused around cost structure because that's what we can control and that's how we can drive greater margins relative to the inflationary environment we're seeing today.
Doug Leggate : I appreciate the answer, Jeff. I guess I was thinking about taking out someone else's cost because you have got a strong track record of M&A, but I'll leave it there.
Jeff Ritenour : Yes. Well, Doug, I'll just add on, and again, just to echo Rick's comments earlier, we continue to be believers that consolidation is going to happen in the space, and that certainly is going to be a driver of that. We feel like we're well positioned to take advantage of those opportunities. But as you've seen from us in the past, we've got a really high bar as it relates to what we would bring into the portfolio and to how it would compete with the assets that we've got. But again, we can't -- that's hard to control as well the timing and the nature of those transactions. So we got to stay focused on what we can control, which is the work we're doing day to day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng : Two questions, please. In your press release, it seems like in the fourth quarter, the lateral length for the well tied in is about 17% lower than the third quarter. Is that a structural reason? Or it just so happened that for other reasons that, that end up to be every single basin, your lateral length is lower? And also maybe Clay, in your press release, you also said there's a negative 55 million barrel of oil -- negative reserve adjustment or revision. What's the -- what area related to that, what's causing the negative revision there? And then a second question is that do you have a net debt medium to longer-term target? I know just mentioning that you're going to pay down the debt based on the maturity, but is there a gross net or net debt target you have in my say, what would be a par pay for the company longer term?
Clay Gaspar : Paul, it's Clay. I'm going to jump in on the reserves question, and then I'll let Jeff handle the debt question. So one, I appreciate the question. I'm really -- I want to stress this very importantly. We are super confident in our reserves booking process, the quality of our reserves. This is one of the hidden benefits actually from our merger. WPX had one auditor. Devon had another. We've actually brought in a third party to look at both sets of books and just take a brand-new refresh this year, which has been a great process and inevitably, there's gives and takes, but -- and we just -- we were very, very much in line with this world-class new look, fresh auditor. The nature of reserves in general is that we -- there's no strong incentive to overbook. There's lots of incentives to -- there's a strong disincentive to overbook. And so we want to make sure that we have a conservative outlook as designed by the SEC. I think that the general phrase is much more likely to go up and down. But sometimes you have -- with a five-year rule, there's things that move around. And so specifically to the oil question, you hinted at there was some movement in the rig dedications and the rig focus from some of the Texas assets in Delaware to a little bit more New Mexico focus. And that caused some of those wells to fall off in the five-year rule. And so they fall off one category. Obviously, they can come on in other parts of the additions as well. And so that tends to balance. But when you look at the overall quality of the reserves year after year, there's lots of really important hints to look at, finding in development cost as a run rate. If you think about PUD percentage booking, you think about PUD conversion percentage, there's a lot of things that are kind of very important to look at. When you watch all of those, Devon is in a very, very strong position. We feel very confident about our reserves. There's one other piece and a nuance of the reserves booking that's very important. When you -- first thing you do is you're looking at price revisions. So you make a change on price. The second thing you start looking at are things like cost structure and all of that. And in our case, in everyone's case, but in our case, in particular, our LOE ticked up year-over-year, and that falls into a reserves, a non-price-related revision. And so it's in that bucket. It's really as a result of higher inflation due to prices, but it doesn't quite fit into that to that price revision category. So there's some interesting nuances. I just want to emphasize the confidence that I have personally and the team has in our reserves process. I'll hand it to Jeff and let him talk that.
Paul Cheng : Before, Jeff, can you also talk -- comment about the lateral length in the fourth quarter that is about 17% lower shorter than the third quarter. Is there any structural reason or it's just a one-off because of other reasons?
Scott Coody : Paul, this is Scott. I'll jump in real quick and then pass it over to Jeff for the debt question. But the key driver of the shorter lateral length is largely the incorporation of Validus. You brought online in the Eagle Ford, you brought online about 30 wells in Eagle Ford. So that by nature of the drilling configuration there, they're shorter laterals but overall, if you exclude that impact, largely, everything else was close to a 2-mile ladder, which is in line of our previous trends. So that's going to be the big variance there and probably all things equal. You should see that kind of weighting be very similar going forward given the capital plan that we have planned for 2023. Jeffrey?
Jeff Ritenour : Yes, Paul, I think your last question was around our net debt to EBITDA and any targets that we have related to that. What we've talked about historically internally and externally was kind of a 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target. As you heard in my opening comments, we're well below that today. And we're very comfortable, frankly, with our overall leverage position. As we highlighted in the materials, we've got a strong investment grade credit rating. We have really positive conversations as it relates to the rating agencies. And frankly, just given the strength of our -- the core of our business, we feel really good about where we are. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, that allows us to be less aggressive trying to take down the absolute debt level. We feel really good with the maturities coming due here over the next, call it, two to three years, our expectation is we'll just take those out as they mature and wouldn't expect us to step up any incremental debt reduction in addition to that. Now certainly, should market conditions change or something else come to light that might change our point of view, we would adapt and be flexible given the cash balance that we have and the free cash flow we expect to generate and I'll just reiterate something Rick mentioned earlier, which is that's one of the beauties of our financial model is it provides us a lot of balance to do multiple things, whether it's debt reduction, variable dividend, stock buybacks are certainly even evaluate some cash transactions. So we feel really good where we are on the leverage, and we'll expect to just take those maturities as they come due over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist.
Neal Dingmann : My first question just on the reinvestment rate, specifically. It looks like I'm showing that the rate maybe has increased to potentially this year, a bit over 40% versus 31% last year. I'm just wondering how do you anticipate this trending? And is this just largely driven the higher reinvestment rate because of cost? Or are there other factors we should think about when sort of determining what this reinvestment rate is going to continue to trend towards.
Jeff Ritenour : Yes, Neal, this is Jeff. Yes, I think if you're speaking to our overall reinvestment rate at a corporate level, that's exactly right. It's just the math and the function of higher costs as a result of the inflation that we've seen and then the lower commodity prices, which we all know have been -- well, certainly on natural gas have been dramatic, but more so important to us is on oil and certainly on a year-over-year basis, the strip would suggest a lower oil price for this year as it relates to last. And so that math just works out to be a higher reinvestment ratio.
Neal Dingmann : Okay. Okay. And then just secondly, Clay, maybe for you just on -- you touched on this a little bit. Just on the infrastructure, you mentioned in the prepared remarks on the compressor and third-party. I think you mentioned that you expect this to be back to normal next quarter. Were there, I guess, proprietary changes? Or were there new contracts or anything you've done to help mitigate this going forward to give you more confidence in less on this happening going forward?
Clay Gaspar : I'd say it's a little too early to kind of really digest all of the lessons learned. The team -- this is really days, maybe a couple of weeks old. We're -- team want to make sure, first of all, there was no one injured. There's no one on location. So that worked very much in our favor. We want to understand the impact to see if there was anything immediate that we had to address on any other compressor facilities with similar designs. We didn't see anything in that regard. The teams are now doing deep investigation in parallel to the real-time fixing. And what I would say is, so far, there's no glaring issues. There's a lot of mechanical parts, a lot of moving pieces. We will learn some things. We will apply some learnings. But I don't think there's anything that really stood out right off the bat that we thought we could improve in the offset operations.
Neal Dingmann : But you do expect that literally normal play by second quarter, you said?
Clay Gaspar : Yes. I would say middle of March, we should have production fully up and running again about that time. And so it shouldn't bleed into the second quarter. I feel really good about that.
Scott Coody : Well, I see we're at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and updated outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It’s great to be here this morning, and we appreciate everyone taking the time to join us today. For Devon, the third quarter was another high-quality performance that demonstrated the flexibility of our strategy to create value in multiple ways. The team’s disciplined execution of our operating plan advanced earnings and cash flow by healthy double-digit rates on a year-over-year basis. Free cash flow was bouldered by capital efficiencies and effective supply chain management that drove capital spending below forecast. We rewarded shareholders with cash returns in the form of both dividends and buybacks that increased by nearly double over the past year. And we strengthened our asset portfolio by closing on two highly accretive bolt-on transactions that add to our ability to deliver sustainable long-term results, all in all, another great quarter of executing on our disciplined strategy. For my remaining comments today, I want to focus on the strategic moves we’ve taken recently to improve our business and the positive impact these actions have on our fourth quarter and our 2023 outlook. Turning to slide 4, we have worked hard through the years to assemble an asset portfolio that resides in the very best positioned plays on the U.S. cost curve. Being a low-cost producer with quality inventory is critical to our long-term success. And over the past few months, we’ve taken steps to opportunistically improve our asset portfolio. These bolt-on acquisitions were underpinned by exceptionally strong industrial logic that advanced both the financial and operational tenets of our strategic plan. First and foremost, from a financial perspective, the transactions represent a value-oriented consolidation of resource in the economic core of these respective basins, resulting in immediate financial accretion. The acquired assets were funded entirely from cash on hand and purchased at levels as low as 2 times cash flow and possess free cash flow yields ranging up to 30% at strip pricing. Furthermore, the addition of this incremental wedge of free cash flow also allows us to accelerate the return of cash to our shareholders through higher dividends and positions us to further compound per share growth through our ongoing stock buyback program. From an operation standpoint, these transactions fit like a glove within our existing asset portfolio and provide us improved economies of scale in the core of these respective plays. The direct adjacency of the acquired acreage also offers strong operational synergies and provides a meaningful runway of high-quality inventory that immediately competes for capital within our portfolio. Importantly, this resource capture allows us to sustain a high-margin production from these assets for many years to come and does not require us to accelerate drilling activity across other parts of the portfolio to maintain our overall productive capacity. Altogether, I could not be more pleased with these tuck-in acquisitions as they successfully demonstrate another pathway that our business can create immediate value for shareholders. However, I do want to be clear that deals such as these that check every box are exceptionally rare. We will always look for smart ways to strengthen our portfolio, but you should be confident in our disciplined approach that focuses on quality assets, adjacency to our operations and immediate per share accretion. On slide 5, in addition to enhancing our asset portfolio, we have also taken important steps to maximize realized pricing for our products. With our marketing strategy, we are focused on securing multiple low-cost transportation options in each basin we operate, with balanced exposure to domestic and international markets. By controlling firm capacity from the wellhead to the key demand centers, we’ve been able to steadily improve our price realization over the past few years. This progress is evidenced by the record oil realization we achieved in the third quarter that reached 101% of the WTI benchmark. A key contributor to the strong performance was the 20% equity interest in Penn Oak’s oil export terminal that we’ve accumulated over the past year. This investment in Penn Oak provides us 90,000 barrels per day of export capacity in Corpus Christi, offering valuable access to premium Brent-linked pricing that led to an uplift of more than $3 per barrel on these exports. We’ve also taken steps to secure additional pricing diversification for our natural gas portfolio by recently entering an LNG export partnership with Delfin Midstream. Once again, this arrangement will provide us with 150,000 MMBtu per day of direct exposure to international gas pricing, such as the lucrative TTF or JKM markets. However, I want to be clear, this is a capital-light approach to attain LNG exposure and our investment in Delfin, which is spread over this year and next, is very minor and will have a negligible impact to our capital outlook. A final investment decision for Delfin’s floating LNG vessel is expected to be made in the coming months, and we anticipate the facility will be operational within four years of this decision. Now turning to slide 7, with the positive tailwinds that come from our accretive bolt-on acquisitions, Devon’s upcoming fourth quarter is set to be a strong one. As you can see on the left, we are planning on delivering a high-single-digit growth rate in production per share. Capital will be higher in the fourth quarter, but our disciplined reinvestment rates remains at very low levels. Approximately two-thirds of the increased capital spending compared to the previous quarter is driven by our recent bolt-on acquisitions. The remaining third of the increase is a combination of higher service costs as contracts refresh, a bit more operated activity than previously planned helps our operational flexibility as we head into 2023. And we have seen an uptick in non-operated activity. Overall, it will be another great quarter for us as we expect to deliver free cash flow growth of more than 25% on a year-over-year basis. At today’s pricing, this outlook translates into a compelling free cash flow yield of 11% or nearly 3 times what the S&P 500 index offers investors. With this excess cash flow, there is no change to our cash return playbook, it will be more of the same. As you can see on slides 9 and 10, we will continue to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders through our market-leading dividend, which is one of the top yielding equities in the S&P 500 and we remain active buyers of our stock when the market presents us opportunities. This operational and financial momentum will also carry into 2023. I will hold off on detailed line item guidance today since we’re still integrating the recent acquisitions of RimRock and Validus into our capital allocation process. However, I can confidently say that our Delaware asset will continue to be the focal point of our capital program, and we’re focused on designing a plan with consistent activity levels that delivers the right balance between returns, capital efficiencies and free cash flow. With the benefit of acquisitions, we do expect to grow production in 2023. However, compared to fourth quarter exit rates, our volumes in the upcoming year are likely to be in the bottom half of our targeted growth range of 0% to 5%. The capital activity levels required to sustain production at these levels will be similar to the program we’re deploying in the fourth quarter of this year. Although we could pull back on less efficient rigs when considering the incremental activity we’ve recently added in the Delaware, we still expect to experience some additional upward pressure on costs as contracts refresh, especially in the second half of the year, but price discovery is still ongoing and very sensitive to industry activity levels and commodity pricing. We will provide official guidance in February, but I’m confident that 2023 is going to be another great year for Devon as we are well positioned to generate substantial free cash flow and execute on all facets of our cash return model. With that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Devon’s consistent quarterly performance exemplifies the importance of balancing three things: first, the value of well-communicated, consistent and long-term business strategy; second, a 24-plus month planning process that details out the development schedule, supply chain, the takeaway needs and any potential pinch points; and third, and critically important, near-term execution, AKA getting it done. Although third quarter was another quarter, our team was working hard to deliver on all phases. Altogether, we were able to deliver on our business, continues to strengthen and build momentum. During the quarter, the team delivered results that exceeded expectations by focusing on capital efficiency and strong well productivity. In addition to the important blocking and tackling associated with our day-to-day operations, we also invested substantial amounts of effort to ensure that we integrate the recent acquisitions into the business the right way so that we can maximize the value of these assets for shareholders. The integration is not just simply teaching the new people how we do it at Devon, but taking the time to learn, challenge and improve our own processes. On slide 14, let’s begin with an overview of our Delaware Basin operations, which account for more than 60% of our total activity and drove the overall company performance in the quarter. To optimize the returns of our capital program in this tight market, we’ve been very thoughtful in designing a plan with steady activity levels that has resulted in an average of 14 rigs and 3 frac crews year-to-date. On the top right chart, you can see that this disciplined capital allocation in the Delaware is working well, resulting in a healthy production growth rate of 11% year-to-date. Importantly, the low-risk development projects, underpinning this volume growth, have delivered world-class returns with IRRs consistent in the triple digits. Another win for us can be seen in the bottom left, where the team has leveraged our substantial operating scale to maximize the value of our production. With good upfront planning and economies of scale in the basin, we’ve been able to effectively control operating costs even as commodity prices have gravitated much higher over the last few years. On the bottom right, this cost mitigation strategy has allowed us to materially benefit from the higher prices, with margins expanding by 260% over the past few years. Looking specifically at the quarter’s results on slide 15, the Delaware team continued to do a great job of achieving operating efficiencies. On the chart to the right, new well activity was highlighted by several high-impact development pads, but the most prolific result was achieved by the CDU 604H in Southern Eddy County. This 3-mile lateral was our first test of the Wolfcamp B interval in the Cotton Draw area, delivering a 30-day rate of just over 6,500 BOE per day, with estimated recoveries for this well trending towards 3 million BOE. It’s not bad for a secondary target. In addition to our outstanding well productivity, we’ve not seen any meaningful communication with the shallower zones in the Wolfcamp such as the Wolfcamp A or XY sands, which deepens our quality of inventory and provides us flexibility to optimize future development plans in this portion of the field. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, the strategic development of these target-rich assets is some of the most complicated and important work we do. Results like this give us confidence that we’re getting things right. We also made great progress advancing drilling and completion efficiencies across our operations in the basin. In the Wolfcamp, we improved drilling productivity by 13% on a per foot basis versus last quarter, with some of our best spud rig release times for a 2-mile wells, pushing below 20 days. Completion efficiencies have also steadily progressed as were highlighted by a record-setting performance on a Cotton Draw pad, where our completion pace reached an average of 3,200 feet per day. While we have made a lot of progress on efficiencies over the last few years, these D&C results showcased the incremental improvements the team is making every day to reduce cycle times, refine completion designs and deploy leading-edge technology across all facets of the value chain. Moving to slide 16, I’m also excited about the positive results we’re seeing delivered and the other key assets across our portfolio. In the Anadarko Basin with our 4-rig program, the team’s approach of wider spacing and larger completion designs is delivering excellent results. A great example of this resource progression was the auto development in the condensate window of Canadian County. This 5-well project, which codeveloped the Meramec and Woodford formations, attained an average 30-day rate of more than 2,700 BOE per day. The strong well productivity we are experiencing, coupled with our $100 million Dow drilling carry, positions this liquid-rich gas play to compete for capital with any asset in our portfolio. Moving to the Williston. This asset continues its tradition of delivering some of the best returns and highest oil rates in our portfolio with another batch of great wells brought on line during the quarter. Coupled with the RimRock acquisition, oil production advanced 30% versus last quarter. The team is also making substantial progress integrating the RimRock acquisition into our operations. And because of this transaction, we expect volumes to take another step up to around 65,000 BOE per day by year-end. This enhanced production profile now puts our Williston asset on pace to generate around $1 billion of cash flow for this year. Turning to the Powder River Basin. We’re encouraged by the results from our Niobrara appraisal activity in the quarter. The top highlight was a 3-mile lateral SSU MLT project in Converse County that helped further validate the commerciality of the spacing test. With improved completion design that pumped 3,000 pounds of sand per foot, all SSU MLT wells performed above type curve expectations with 30-day rates averaging 1,400 BOE per day, of which 86% was oil. Importantly, we’re still experiencing strong reservoir pressure and shallower declines than forecasted, with per well recoveries on track to reach 1.2 million barrels of oil equivalent. While we still have a lot of work ahead of us, this positive result adds to the conviction that the Niobrara will be a repeatable resource play and an important growth driver for Devon in the future. Lastly, in the Eagle Ford. The results from the infill and redevelopment activity across our legacy position in DeWitt County continue to demonstrate that there’s a lot more oil to be recovered from this prolific play over time. During the quarter, we brought on 8 new infill wells bounded by existing producers that delivered 30-day rates averaging 3,200 BOE per day. Slide 17 provides a more detailed overview of our recent Validus acquisition. This opportunistic acquisition doubles the scale of our position in the Eagle Ford and captures a repeatable resource play in the best part of the Karnes Trough oil window. As you can see on the map, the transaction secures an operated position of 42,000 net acres with high working interest of 90% that’s adjacent to our existing footprint in the play. The oil-weighted production mix of around 35,000 BOE per day provides strong cash operating margins through access to the premium Gulf Coast pricing, low per unit operating and GP&T cost of around $6 per BOE. With enhanced scale in the basin, we expect to realize $50 million in average annual cash flow savings from the capital efficiencies, operating improvements and marketing synergies. Furthermore, the core of the Eagle Ford is providing -- is proving to be one of the best opportunities in the world for downspacing, redevelopment, refracs and also EOR. We have identified roughly 500 economic opportunities across the Validus acreage and this inventory allows us to sustain the high-margin production from our Eagle Ford assets for years to come. And lastly, on slide 18. With our recent resource capture, I wanted to end my comments today by covering the depth and quality of our inventory, which we believe is differentiating compared to the vast majority of the E&Ps out there. Turning your attention to the middle bar on the chart. At our current pace of activity, we’ve identified 12 years of high-return development inventory, delivering greater than a 30% return with $65 WTI and 325 Henry Hub pricing. This inventory disclosure reflects the confidence that we have in delivering repeatable, capital-efficient results for many years to come. As you would expect, the majority of our risked inventory resides in the target-rich Delaware Basin, but we’re also stocked with healthy amounts of high-return inventory across all of our key assets. To be clear, this rigorous characterization is a result of existing well control and detailed subsurface work, but it is not meant to convey the full extent of our resource base. This bar only represents the high confidence operated inventory that deliver competitive return and a conservative mid-cycle price scenario. Moving to the bar on the right, with a higher commodity price and further derisking of our portfolio over time, we estimate that our inventory extends more than 20 years at the current activity base. This upside scenario assumes that we capture additional efficiencies, fine-tuned spacing at higher prices and further delineate the geologic rich columns across our acreage footprint. However, I will be quick to add that the upside we’ve identified is not an exercise, including every molecule potential. We fully expect a significant portion of the upside opportunities to come into development over time. Tangible examples of these upside opportunities that the team are currently progressing include massive amounts of resource potential residing in the deeper Wolfcamp intervals, tighter redevelopment spacing and refracs success in the Eagle Ford, ongoing appraisal work in the Powder River Basin to further derisk the Niobrara, and improving capital efficiency that is unlocking resource potential in the Anadarko. Bottom line here is that we have an abundance of highly economic opportunities that will continue to deliver top-tier capital efficiency for the foreseeable future. And with that, I’ll turn over the call to Jeff for a financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I’d like to spend my time today discussing the highlights of our financial performance for the quarter and the capital allocation priorities for our free cash flow. A good place to start is on slide 6 with a review of Devon’s financial performance, where earnings and cash flow per share growth rapidly expanded year-over-year and exceeded consensus expectations. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $2.1 billion, an impressive increase of 32% compared to the third quarter of last year. This level of cash flow generation comfortably funded our capital spending requirements and resulted in $1.5 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. As you can see on the chart to the right, this strong result keeps us on track to generate a record-setting amount of free cash flow this year and is a powerful example of the financial results our disciplined cash return business model can deliver. With the free cash flow Devon generated this quarter, our top priority is to reward shareholders with higher cash returns through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. This dividend strategy is foundational to our capital allocation process, providing us the flexibility to return cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions. Under this framework, we pay a fixed dividend every quarter and evaluate a variable distribution of up to 50% of the remaining free cash flow. Based on our strong third quarter financial results, the Board approved a 61% increase in our dividend payout per year-over-year to $1.35 per share. On slide 9, you can see that our large dividend translates into a very compelling yield compared to other segments of the broader market. In fact, at today’s pricing, our yield is substantially higher than the average company in the S&P 500 Index. Another priority for our free cash flow is the execution of our ongoing $2 billion share repurchase program. On slide 10, you can see that over the past year, we bought back $1.3 billion of stock, which has reduced our outstanding share count by 4%. This equates to an average price of $50 per share, which is more than a 30% discount to our current trading levels. Over the past several months, our buyback activity has been somewhat limited due to our recent bolt-on acquisitions in the Williston and Eagle Ford. However, with those transactions now closed and with around $700 million remaining on our authorization, we can be more active buyers of our stock when the market opportunities present themselves. And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I’d like to give a brief update on our investment-grade financial position. After funding $2.5 billion of acquisitions from cash on hand during the quarter, we exited September with a healthy cash balance of $1.3 billion and low leverage with net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 0.5 a turn. Even with this strong financial position, we’re not done making improvements, and we’ll continue to evaluate opportunities within our debt stack to create additional value for shareholders. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. We have covered a lot of good information today, but I would like to close with this key message, and that is that the team here at Devon is delivering on exactly what we promised to do. This is so foundational to our strategy. Our consistency has developed a strong trust for our brand with internal and external stakeholders. We’ve prioritized building a can-do culture and taking care of our people, including the contractors who work for us. We’ve prioritized for share value creation over the pursuit of volumes. And we have rewarded shareholders with market-leading cash returns. We’ve also demonstrated time and again our technical capabilities and operational expertise against all -- across all five of our operating areas by consistently delivering top-tier well productivity and capital efficiencies. Furthermore, I believe we’ve continued to lead and differentiate from peers by establishing a logical, accretive track record of consolidation. The resource assessment successes that Clay referred to with our Lower Wolfcamp in the Delaware Basin and the Niobrara and the Powder River Basin are establishing new sources of supply and inventory. We look forward to sharing additional resource assessment successes in the future. Finally, we’ve continued to take important steps to enhance our business through our marketing and infrastructure strategies that have positioned us to achieve very attractive price realizations across the portfolio and stay ahead of any regional bottlenecks. Overall, it’s been another great year for us, but the best is yet to come for Devon. We are focused on closing out the year with strength and are preparing to build upon this positive momentum into 2023. I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A. Scott?
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We’ll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Arun Jayaram with JP Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. Rick, I wanted to start, you provided some, call it, soft guidance commentary for 2023. I respect the fact that you’re still in your capital budgeting process. But let’s go back to your prepared comments. You mentioned that you expected targeted growth to be at the low end of the 0% to 5% range from the 4Q exit rate. When we think about the 4Q exit rate, is that basically the 4Q guide of 650,000 BOE per day at the midpoint and 322.5 for oil? Just trying to get your definition of the exit rate?
Rick Muncrief: You bet, Arun. That’s spot on. That’s exactly what we’re saying. That’s correct. That’s the assumption you should make. You bet.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Okay. My second question for you, Rick, is to get your thoughts on what you think is the appropriate development scheme for shale in above mid-cycle conditions. We get a lot of questions from this from the buy side. But one of your peers has decided to high-grade their 2023 program to develop, call it, higher return locations starting next year. In the broader context of the fact that shale inventories are finite in nature, do you think it makes sense for Devon today to tailor your development programs on maximizing IRRs or NPV per section? I’d love to get your thoughts on that idea.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. That’s a good question. For us, I think the plan that we’ve been implementing over, I’d say, the last 18 months is about what you ought to expect from us in the future. We may have some minor tweaks, Arun, but we feel really good. When you’re a multi-basin operator as we talked earlier, we’re still doing in a couple of our basins, quite a bit of resource assessment, testing new zones, new intervals, things like that. We’ll continue to do that. But as far as the operating scheme, I don’t know that you’ll see a lot of change from what we’ve been employing over the last couple of years. Clay, you want to add anything to that?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Rick, I think you nailed it with balancing IRR and NPV is an important consideration. And of course, you have all the practical realities of we got to make sure we have take away. We want to make sure we’re doing the right thing from an ESG perspective. We’re thinking about assessing future potential. Those always don’t necessarily command the highest risk rate of return today, but it’s incredibly important as we think about not just this quarter’s return or year’s return, three-year, five-year, ten-year returns as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, team. Rick, I wanted to get your perspective on these opportunistic bolt-ons. We’ve had Validus Energy and RimRock and as you said, you acquired them at very attractive multiples. What is the opportunity set that you see around similar type of acquisitions? And can this become a core part of your go-forward business model rolling up assets and arbitraging the multiple?
Rick Muncrief: Neil, that’s another good question. From our perspective, I think you’ve heard us be very consistent with our messaging that we will always be opportunistic on transactions that could strengthen our company. We want to make sure that we do deliver the accretion. We’re not waving arms, but we -- actually, it shows up in our income statement over time. And to the point that you made, if it could deepen some inventory, that really is very critical. We’re going to continue holding consolidation, I think, an important part of our overall strategy. That being said, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, you don’t always find those deals that check every box, and we’re not going to overpay. We’re going to be very-disciplined. And these two transactions work quite well for us. And there could be others in the future, but we’ll wait to see. But we’re certainly proud of what we’ve done and have to give a tip of the hat to our team that brought these over the fence, and they’re great transactions and help us in a lot of ways.
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just on capital spending. It’s been the focus of investor conversations this morning. You talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks, but can you once again bridge between old and new guidance for 2022 spend. And just how we should think about how much of this bleeds into the way we should think about ‘23 as well? Thank you.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. I think I’m going to ask Clay to go into maybe some of the detail. But just as I said in our remarks, two-thirds of the increase of capital spending are a direct impact of these acquisitions where you had ongoing rig activity. We had two rigs running down the Eagle Ford on the Validus deal and a rig running in the Bakken on RimRock. So, it comes with capital spend. And so, that’s a big part of it. And I think we broke it down into three other areas for that other third. But Clay, you may want to just share your perspective as well on the increase.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Rick. First of all, look, there is inflation out there. We’ve never been hiding from inflation. It’s real. As we renew contracts, we see that continue to tick up. I think we’re starting to see a crest in that as I look to see not necessarily significant rollover, but certainly kind of a crusting, maybe some green shoots and softening here and there. We will continue to monitor that. I think it’s too early to say how that manifests over the course of 2023. But that’s the first piece of it. The second is we actually took some opportunity to step up a little bit of activity, get a running start on ‘23. You’ll see that in -- really in the November, December new wells spud. That spud count will come up a little bit. And then also as we start to look at kind of across the fence and our partners, the non-op activity, has stepped up as well. So, when you break it down with the two-thirds being from the acquisition activity, the remaining piece kind of divided roughly in thirds that way. I think it’s -- I think we feel pretty good about where we’re at and for the trajectory for ‘23 as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Guys, I wonder if I could go to Clay first and then to Jeff. Thanks. Clay, your comments about testing wider spacing, I guess, in the Mid-Con. I’m looking at slide 18. And to get from the 12-year inventory to the 20-year inventory, one of the comments under there is appraisal and tighter spacing. So I wonder if you can reconcile what does upspacing mean for your confidence in that increased longer term inventory guidance.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Doug, thanks for the opportunity to clarify that. So the upspacing is really relative to, I think, the dark years of the STACK where the industry really down-spaced too much, took for granted the amount of well-to-well interference or maybe isolation and frankly, just over-drilled. I think where we’re at today, we’re seeing phenomenal returns. But as you know, everything changes on a real-time basis, commodity price yields, well costs, realizations. And that constant mix is something we’re evaluating is 3 or 4 or 5 the right spacing specific to Mid-Con. But I think in the broader sense, as we look kind of across the basin and then you move from a midpoint of a $65 price deck to, I believe, we assumed an $85 on the larger account, you also have to reconsider how does that work in other areas. Powder River that is really yet to be defined on how -- what kind of spacing we’re doing. And even some of the deeper potential in the Delaware Basin certainly has significant upside depending on which commodity price you run. And that’s where that really that spot to the -- on the -- the bar on the right really comes in. One additional note on the -- in the Mid-Con area, there’s a lot of running room with gas. And I think that, of course, is a very important consideration as we start thinking about what price deck do you run, what realizations do we have and ultimately, what’s the right economic approach to extract the most opportune value.
Doug Leggate: Sorry. Clay, just to be clear, did you say $85 oil for the 10,000 locations?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Is it a little higher than that, Scott?
Scott Coody: Yes. It’s in that neighborhood, Doug. So we did -- for the unrisked we did have a higher price point that’s more reflective of maybe current spot pricing, just have a regulator on the unrest as well. But -- and also we did take some of the risking off with regards to some of the appraisal that needs to be successful to make that column convert into our risked category over time.
Doug Leggate: My follow-up is hopefully a quick one for Jeff. And it goes back to the comment that Rick made about free cash flow in the fourth quarter over 2021. Jeff, you still have about -- looks about an 80% deferred cash tax in that free cash flow number for the third quarter, $1.5 billion. When can we expect to see a more normalized cash tax going forward, and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Doug, thanks for the question. We -- as you saw here in the third quarter, we adjusted our expectation for the full year cash tax level. We have been guiding most of the year around a 10% cash tax burden, and we now think that’s going to be closer to 8%. The real big driver for us this year is we’re having the benefit of some tax attributes, the bulk of which are NOLs. As we move forward into next year, we’ll carry forward about $1 billion of NOLs that we’ll be able to utilize kind of over a multiyear period. So that will help keep our tax liabilities in check as we move forward. But as we’ve talked about before, our expectation for next year, if you assume kind of the current commodity price levels and cost structure, you’re going to be hovering around that kind of 15% current tax level, and that would be our expectation as we move throughout next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question -- actually, both are maybe for Clay here. Sticking with inventory, we again appreciate all the details on slide 18. On the Delaware, can you provide a little bit more color on that? It looks like for the over 4,500 risked locations, about 55% of those are in the Delaware. And so our question is kind of what’s the mix of zones within that estimate? And in particular, how much of those 55% of locations would you consider to be Tier 1 kind of Wolfcamp A, XY?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Jeanine. Yes. And you’re referring to slide 18, the bar kind of there in the middle, a total of greater than 4,500 locations. Yes, you got a keen eye, a little more than half of that is in the Delaware. As I think about that kind of light gray box and break that down, by far, most of that is Wolfcamp and Bone Spring, which is, as you know, kind of the really good stuff that we’ve been going after. Certainly, a smaller portion is some Avalon and some deeper other potential, but it’s by far, mostly Bone Spring and Wolfcamp.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. And then, maybe sticking on ops here on base declines. So in 2Q, the Delaware total in oil production, it grew significantly. I think it was like 22% year-over-year in 2Q and 16% on oil. In Q3, the year-over-year growth, it slowed and oil, I think, was down like 3,000 a day versus 3Q of last year. So just maybe smashing everything together, we’ve got flattish oil expected in 4Q in the Delaware. Can you provide an update on what you think the oil-based decline will be for the Delaware going forward? And then maybe for the overall company as you put in the Bakken and Eagle Ford deals?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. Yes, you’re right. And as we compare quarter-to-quarter, obviously, there’s two ends of that, last year’s quarter to this year’s quarter, and boy, can really get a little bit lumpy. So I think you’re thinking about it right, scaling up, maybe thinking about year-over-year trajectories. And so yes, we will continue to see some nice growth. We said 11% year-to-date on the slide. For the base decline, I would say it’s roughly 30% to 35%, probably closer to 30%. As we continue to moderate the growth, these numbers come down, and that’s a benefit of this -- of the business model that we have. We’ll continue to see that mitigate over time and therefore, making this, keeping our production flat more capitally efficient.
Jeanine Wai: Is that 30% to 35% in the Delaware, or was that for the overall company?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, coincidentally, really both. But yes, for both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. The first one is for Jeff and the second one is for Clay. For Jeff, in your presentation, you have an interesting comment saying that the management and effort and the streamlining effort have led to a higher unit DD&A. Can you elaborate about what extent you guys are doing and that could lead to higher unit DD&A? And also what is the benefit that you expect from those efforts? I mean, what were you talking about here? And second point is on the recent bolt-on acquisition in Eagle Ford, is that in any shape or form will impact how you’re going to look at your JV with BP in the area that the -- whether it’s the focus or attention for the companies. I mean, how -- is there any shape or form that is going to have any impact?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey Paul, this is Jeff. Yes, happy to address your question on DD&A. It’s a little bit of the nuance of successful efforts accounting, and you’re probably aware, we have different common operating fields or cost centers, if you will, kind of across the company as to align with how we kind of manage the operations. Post the merger that we did with WPX, we actually kept our Delaware South and North assets separate. So, New Mexico to the north, obviously and Texas to the South. Here, over the last couple of quarters, we decided to consolidate that all into one cost center. And so, as a result, you have spread that cost of those units across the entirety of that new business unit or a call center, if you will. And so as a result, you have a slight increase in the DD&A rate going forward to the overall company as a result of kind of streamlining that effort driven by the consolidation of those two call centers.
Clay Gaspar: Paul, this is Clay. I’ll pick up on the second question.
Paul Cheng: Is there any...
Clay Gaspar: Sorry, go ahead. Sorry, Paul, go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Can I just ask that, Jeff, is that resulting in any cash savings going forward with this consolidation or streamline?
Jeff Ritenour: Absolutely. I mean, the work that we’ve done around integration post-merger continues. So, we’re always looking for ways to continue to make the asset base better and how we manage those assets going forward. So certainly, this was a component of our -- of the execution of that integration, and we certainly would expect to see some synergies, albeit minor in the grand scheme of things today, but we’re certainly -- part of our thought process as we rolled out the synergies we talked about post merger.
Clay Gaspar: Paul, I’ll take the second question. So, our joint venture with BP is really a separate discussion. Now clearly, as we scale up our activities, we will bring our learnings, that economy of scale to BP as the drilling and completions operator and then vice versa. We’re also bringing knowledge to the Validus assets. Also remember, as part of the JV, Devon operates the joint venture wells. So there’s definitely economies of scale in our operations, some of the technologies that we use, some of the efficiencies around the people, being able to cover essentially more with less. That’s always very good as you scale up these opportunities. I think one of my favorite tests to do is as you look at one of these deals is just glance at the map. And if it makes sense from an industrial logic standpoint, you know that there is some real efficiencies to be gained, and we’re certainly going after those right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Gruber with Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: So on the Validus acquisition in the Eagle Ford, you identified about 500 in locations, which looks to double your total in the basin, as I squinted that inventory STACK bar chart. Are all these new drill locations, or do these figures include refrac opportunities? And if refrac is not included, how good could the refrac opportunity be?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. So, this is only the drilling opportunities, but we have additional refracs as well. They’re a little hard to quantify. We’re working on that now. We have some internal numbers around the refracs. And I can tell you, it’s more than just where does it work from a reservoir standpoint. It’s also where does it work from a well construction standpoint. You have to be able to reenter these wells for an economic -- economically and be able to restimulate and really stimulate new rock is the key to success there.
Scott Gruber: And as you study the opportunity set, how would you describe the economics of refrac today? And how would you think about layering them in over the next couple of years?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would say, we’re still in the early stages of really rolling that into our portfolio. I would say it’s still in the assessment bucket that I referenced early It could be very meaningful, not just in Eagle Ford, but maybe in other areas as well. And so the quantity that we’ve done this year, and I expect for next year, is relatively small. As I’ve mentioned, it’s finding the right recipe. What was the original stimulation in that well? What was the stimulations in the offset well? What’s the spacing to the offset wells? What’s the casing construction of that well? And does it lend itself to the right recipe so that we can reenter, properly stimulate, hopefully, charge that new rock and, therefore, really get the bang for the buck. What I can tell you, the early results are we’re very encouraged. I think we’re finding the right recipe, but it’s too early to really lean in too hard just yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist.
Neal Dingmann: My first question is on your Delaware transportation specifically. Could you all speak to the continued Delaware takeaway? And then also how you all are protected from the Waha price volatility that we’ve even seen recently?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. You bet. Neal, this is Jeff. We feel really good, frankly, about our ability to move the molecules. You’ve heard us talk about this in the past, and we’ve had these dislocations in pricing in Waha over the last couple of years, and the team has done a great job of kind of protecting us from that exposure. As a big picture, we move, call it, north of 50%, almost 60% of our volumes are gas molecules out of the basin to the Gulf Coast. And so those volumes actually have exposure to Houston Ship Channel pricing. With the remainder of molecules that sit in basin, we’ve hedged almost all of that. And so, the remainder of volumes that are specifically exposed to Waha is about 10% of our gas molecules in basin. So, when you put that all together, just to give you some context and somebody will correct me on the math here, but I don’t have it quite right. But it’s less than 1% of our revenues as a total company are exposed to Waha at this point given the lengths that we’ve gone to, number one, move the molecules out of basin and then number two, hedge our exposure there.
Neal Dingmann: Great answers. And then my second question is on your natural gas plant, specifically. Could you all give us some more color maybe on that Delfin LNG partnership, how you might see this advancing and then other potential similar, I’d call, nonbinding type agreements or opportunities going forward?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet. No, we’re excited about the opportunity with Delfin. We’re a little light on details at this point because we’re still in the process of negotiating some of the commercial terms there and how all that shakes out. But generally speaking, it’s really just an extension of our broader marketing philosophy and thought process, which is we’re always trying to capture the highest realized price wherever we can for our molecules, while at the same time, kind of balancing our exposure to the different markets that we’re involved in. And so, as we look forward over the next 5 and 10 years, we really expect the growth in demand for natural gas to come outside of the United States. And so, for us, it makes sense to have exposure to the water and to those international markets. And so, we’re excited that we could take a step forward with Delfin, make a relatively minor investment with them, which is going to provide us some access to those international markets going forward. I’ll remind everybody that those projects, we don’t expect to come on line until the kind of the 2026 time frame, but we’re excited to kind of work things forward with that group and then hopefully get us exposure to the premium markets that we’re seeing internationally.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Freeman with Raymond James.
John Freeman: Thank you. Yes. My first question is a little bit of a follow-up to what Jeanine and Doug were talking to you on slide 18. I guess just when I think about the risked inventory that you’ve got at the moment and we think about sort of the balancing act of adding to that risked inventory, either via bolt-on deals like you have done recently versus appraisal and testing to kind of move that upside location count into the risked inventory. I guess when you just sort of look out the next 2, 3 years, I mean, would you anticipate that more of those risk inventory locations comes from more of these kind of bolt-on deals, or is it more from kind of the appraisal, testing, spacing type of efforts?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, John. This is Clay again. I would say more from the appraisal. We think about the work that we’re doing in a lot of these horizons that are just not quite defined on downspacing, what’s the right spacing test, maybe even vertically. Is there two landing zones there or is there three landing zones in some of these intervals. And then I think about some of the stuff that’s a little bit further afield, say, in the Powder, there’s a lot more opportunity there to bolt on to that number from the appraisal standpoint. Any additional -- just to be clear, we don’t have any assumptions on future acquisitions or any additional bolt-ons in any of these numbers.
John Freeman: And then, when I think about for next year, I appreciate some of the early kind of color on how to think about 2023 from an activity standpoint and some of the cost inflation levers. Is there anything from like a midstream perspective on a year-over-year basis that we should also consider whether it’s related to some of the bolt-ons recently getting bigger in some of these areas, just that necessitate some more midstream infrastructure spend in ‘23 versus ‘22 and we’ll kind of trying to finalize what we think about the ‘23 budget?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Just think about it kind of similar to ‘22, kind of a similar runway.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Portillo with TPH.
Matthew Portillo: Just to start out a question around Q4. It looks like the market is a little bit spooked on the guidance. As we look at the well data in the Permian in particular, your well results look extremely consistent on a year-over-year perspective, but curious as you guys look at the data, how you’re feeling about your productivity trends. And then, if you are seeing fairly consistent well results, just curious if there’s anything to take into account regards to till timing during the fourth quarter that might have led to some of the guidance shaking out in Q4.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I appreciate being able to talk about that because the well performance is phenomenal. This is an absolutely world-class asset. We love the position we’re in. We love the scale that we have. The team keeps delivering. We’re still working on the efficiencies. We’re still applying technology, always trying to get a little better, a little smarter each day. No doubt about it. We have some inflation coming our way. So there is some squeeze to the margin -- on the margin, but I would take this world-class asset and love having in our portfolio and really, really pleased on what’s going on with the team and what they’re doing.
Matthew Portillo: And then, I guess, a follow-up question, Clay, maybe on the STACK. You guys have started the upspace program here with Dow. Looks like some impressive initial rates. Just curious if you could provide some context around well performance with the upspace completion design. And then additionally, just a view on midstream infrastructure as the asset starts back on growth, should we expect further midstream build out either on a G&P perspective or some marketing to move gas further south to accommodate that growth in ‘23 and ‘24?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question on STACK, Matt. Again, the team is looking at this holistically, thinking about what’s the right way to extract the optimum value, balancing rate of return, balancing NPV and thinking about the levers that we have. The first and the most significant is well spacing. The second, of course, is completion design. Both of those I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We like the approach that we have. Clearly, we have to understand what commodity price is going to do. And as those numbers rise up on gas and NGL realizations, there’s an opportunity for us to maybe even take a step tighter and still achieve super competitive returns. So, we’re still working on that. Like what we’re seeing as we move into the gas window, certainly the higher commodity price and the gas certainly helps. It’s a significant amount of upside for our inventory. As we think about the midstream, the nice thing about working in the Anadarko Basin is a lot of built-out midstream. So, we feel really good about the runway. Of course, we have regular conversations with our midstream partners trying to stay out years ahead because these big wells, especially with the gas volumes, can take up a lot of space in pipe and in plants. And so, we want to make sure we’re telegraphing what we’re doing to our midstream partners. And I would say that those conversations are going along very, very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy: Good morning, guys. And congratulations on a good production quarter above guidance. The only area you didn’t beat our expectations was in the Bakken. And I wonder if you could talk about the integration of the RimRock assets and what you expect the trajectory of the production to be? You mentioned earlier that there was a 65,000 barrel a day exit rate. Is that for the full quarter, or will you expect to grow above that next year?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would say roughly so that 65% -- or 65,000 BOE a day is about -- what would be for the quarter. So, I appreciate the acknowledgment of the third quarter, sometimes that can get lost. The teams worked exceptionally hard to continue to perform, and we’re really, really pleased with that. The Williston as we take over on any of these acquisition deals, no doubt about it, there’s going to be handoffs and little bumps in the road. There was a particular pad that came in. We had some delays. And as you know, when you’re running kind of a subscale activity, just a few days or a week of delay can manifest into a larger delay when you’re really trying to pick up and lay down equipment. And that beat us there. And so, we had a little bit of a transition issue there. But I think we’ve got the team up and running now, feel really good. I’ve bragged on many of earnings calls about the Williston team in particular, have tremendous regard for them and faith in their execution. And again, this is -- integration is not necessarily normal core competency. We’ve taken it as one that we need to be exceptionally good at this. And I’m really proud of the results we’re seeing around the organization from HR, from the IT department, from the accounting group, everybody coming together to really bring these assets in and ultimately extract the optimum value for the shareholders.
Scott Coody: Well, I appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s Devon Energy Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and updated outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team.  Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It's great to be here this morning, and we appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. By all measures, the second quarter was another excellent performance for Devon as our business continued to strengthen and build momentum. Our quarterly results were highlighted by our Delaware-focused operating plan that delivered production above our guidance expectations. Capital was below budget, margins expanded and we paid record high cash payouts to shareholders. We also took important steps to strengthen the quality and depth of our asset portfolio.  All in all, it was another quarter of systemic and systematic execution across the tenets of our cash return business model that shareholders have become accustomed to.  To begin with, I'd like to turn your attention to Slide 3 and 4, which describes who we are. We are a financially disciplined company delivering high returns on invested capital, attractive per share growth and large cash returns to shareholders. While our disciplined capital allocation framework on Slide 3 is foundational to Devon's financial success, also want to highlight that another critical competitive advantage contributing to our strong results is the depth and quality of our asset portfolio.  As you can see on Slide 4, with Devon's portfolio anchored by our world-class Delaware Basin asset, we possess a long duration resource base that is high graded to the very best plays on the U.S. cost curve.  Furthermore, with this low-cost asset portfolio, we also have diversified exposure across both oil and liquids-rich gas opportunities, affording us the flexibility to pursue the highest returns and netbacks through the commodity cycle. While this premier multi-basin portfolio positions us to deliver strong capital efficiency and repeatable results for the foreseeable future, we are not complacent and are always looking for smart ways to strengthen our asset base. And this is exactly what we accomplished with our recent acquisition of RimRock's assets in the Williston Basin along with a series of high-impact acreage trades in the Delaware that optimize our leasehold for future development.  Clay will cover these transactions in greater detail later in the call. However, I do want to emphasize that these portfolio additions are highly complementary to our existing acreage footprint. They tactically unlock quality inventory in the core of the play and the immediate financial accretions from these transactions allow us to further step up the return of cash to shareholders.  Now moving to Slide 5. The key message here is very simple. The combination of our strategy, our asset base and execution has resulted in an impressive track record of value creation for our shareholders. Since we unveiled the industry's very first cash return framework, upon the WPX merger in late 2020, we have consistently delivered on our strategy to return increasing amounts of cash to shareholders while steadily improving our investment-grade financial strength.  As you can see on the chart, since the closing of the merger, we have cumulatively returned $6.2 billion of value to shareholders in only 18 months. For perspective, this value exceeds more than 100% of the combined market capitalization of the 2 companies at the time of the merger announcement, unbelievable.  Jumping ahead to Slide 7. With a strong operational performance achieved year-to-date, we are raising guidance expectations for the full year of 2022. As you can see on the top left, a key contributor to this improved outlook is our 2022 production targets increased by 3% to a range of 600,000 to 610,000 BOE per day. These higher volume expectations are due to better-than-expected well performance year-to-date and the positive impact from our recent bolt-on acquisition in the Williston Basin. After accounting for the benefits of our share repurchase program, this outlook puts us on track to deliver a very healthy production per share growth rate of 8% this year.  We are also adjusting our upstream capital to a range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion versus our prior guidance of approximately $2.1 billion. This updated guidance incorporates $100 million of incremental capital from the Williston acquisition and includes additional inflationary cost pressures associated with this higher commodity price environment. Overall, at current pricing, this updated outlook is resulting in a 25% plus improvement in free cash flow generation compared to the assumptions that underpinned our original budget expectations.  The key takeaway here is that our low-cost asset base is capturing the benefits of higher commodity prices and winning the battle against inflationary pressures.  Now on Slide 8. I want to briefly showcase how our improved 2022 outlook translates into a compelling free cash flow yield. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated free cash flow yield in 2022 compared to other common equity benchmarks in the financial markets. As you can see from the 2 charts at today's pricing, Devon's attractive free cash flow yield of 16% is up to 4x higher in the broader market. I expect this valuation gap, which is at historically wide levels to correct as investors rediscover highly profitable and value-oriented names like Devon.  Now going to Slide 9. With this powerful stream of free cash flow, our priorities remain unchanged, which means the first call on our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. With this predictive and formulaic framework, we are on track to pay out around $5 per share this year, which is at a yield of more than 8%, places Devon as one of the highest-yielding stocks in the entire U.S. market.  However, I want to be quick to add that we are not just a high-yielding dividend story. We're also bolstering our per share growth by opportunistically repurchasing our stock. With the share repurchase program, we are on track to retire up to 6% of our outstanding shares at what we believe to be trading at a substantial discount to our intrinsic value. As you can see on the right, even with a large cash payout, we still have excess cash flow left over to further strengthen our investment-grade balance sheet. This balanced and transparent capital allocation framework provides us multiple avenues to create value for our shareholders through the cycle.  And finally, on Slide 14, I want to end my remarks with a few thoughts on what you can expect from Devon as we plan for the upcoming year. While it is still a bit too premature to provide formal production and capital targets for 2023, I can tell you that there will be no shift to our strategy. We will continue to prioritize free cash flow and per share financial growth, not the pursuit of top line volume growth. We are designing to plan that pursue steady and consistent activity levels to optimize supply chain cost and certainty of execution in this exceptionally tight market.  And finally, with our low breakeven funding levels, we remain well positioned to navigate the recent market volatility and build upon our track record of delivering outsized cash returns.  And with that, I will turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights for this most recent quarter.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As I reflect back, not just on the quarter, but the last 18 months since we've closed our merger, I'm very proud of what we've accomplished. Last year at this time, we were well past the hard work of organizational design answering the who, but still very deep into the systems process and culture building that's incredibly important to answering the how of running the company. In some ways, we're rebuilding the engine while we ran the race. This year, we're continuing with the never-ending challenge of improving systems, processes and culture, but we're also keenly focused on external factors like inflation and supply chain uncertainty. While these challenges are real and something we dedicate a lot of attention to, I'm also fully confident in our team's ability to once again differentiate Devon from the pack and execute on an exceptionally high level.  The second quarter results are a perfect example of this product related to this focus. As a summary of the operating results displayed on Slide 16, which showcases our solid production beat better-than-forecasted capital efficiency and the expansion of our per unit margins to the highest level in more than a decade. I know it can be a bit mind numbing when the team makes these results look as easy as they have. But listen, every well in the portfolio, average 30-day IP for the entire company of 2,900 BOE per day per well, $60-plus field level margins and a reinvestment rate of 22% are incredibly impressive when you put them into historical context.  The perpetually strong results that we've delivered since the merger between WPX and Devon is simply an outflow of 3 key factors: the high-caliber assets, our talented organization, and a disciplined investment framework that is designed to optimize returns and per share financial growth throughout the cycle. These key factors are held together by a steady strategic vision and a culture that exemplifies our corporate values.  I want to congratulate the entire team for the special results that we're creating together. And I'm confident we will build upon these accomplishments as we progress through the balance of the year and beyond.  Now turning to Slide 17. Our Delaware Basin asset was exceptional -- was the exceptional capital-efficient growth engine that drove Devon's operational outperformance in the second quarter. The net production from the Delaware continued to increase rapidly, growing 22% on a year-over-year basis. This high margin growth was driven by 52 wells brought online that were diversified across our acreage footprint in New Mexico and the Texas Stateline area.  Looking at the project level detail, the top thematic takeaways was the consistent execution and outstanding well production while we achieve across the development programs. This -- a great example of this theme was the prolific results we achieved in our Todd area in Eddy County, where we developed a highly charged thick team of Upper Wolfcamp. The initial 30-day rates from this 12-well Wolfcamp oriented development average 4,500 BOEs per well, with a per well recoveries on track to exceed 1.5 million barrels of oil equivalent.  With the strong upfront recoveries we're experiencing, coupled with the favorable commodity price environment, this package of wells is on track to pay out in less than 6 months.  Next, I want to cover the multi-zone development success that we had in the Potato Basin where our recent activity successfully codeveloped 3 different landing zones: The Third Bone Spring, the XY sands and the Upper Wolfcamp. The initial 30-day rates from Mr. Potato Head project averaged 3,100 BOE per day and given how the shallower drilling depths in this portion of the play, our D&C costs came in as low as $6.7 million per well. As we look to allocate capital for '23 and beyond, this positive result will serve as another valuable data point to optimize future development activity and further deepen our conviction of the resource opportunity in the Potato Basin area.  And lastly, on this slide, we also brought on several high-return pads online in the Stateline area. Adding to our long-term track record of success in this prolific tranche of acreage, our recent capital activity was highlighted by the CBR 8 and 9 pads that outperformed our predrill expectations by as much as 20% with the top well achieving 30-day rates as high as 4,300 BOE per day. In addition to these great wells, another impactful event for us this quarter was a recent trade completed that added to our acreage position in the Stateline area.  Turning to Slide 18. You can see a zoomed-in map of this critical 3,000-acre trade that we completed in the Delaware Basin State Line field. You've heard me on prior quarters, brag about the incredible results the team creates with these land trades. We typically execute dozens of trades every year in the company so far, we have executed on several trades bringing in around 7,000 net acres to the Delaware.  The trade we're highlighting today significantly enhances our Wolfcamp potential in the Stateline area and unlocks more than 200 extended reach drilling locations that were previously constrained to 1 mile developments. This is the economic core of the play and is further enhanced with Devon's significant surface ownership, company-owned wet sand line water recycling and disposal infrastructure and the midstream JV with Howard Energy.  Each of these levers create incremental margin to Devon that other operators would not benefit from. Also importantly, this transaction allowed us to trade out of acreage that was either not scalable to Devon or had lower priority within our capital allocation framework. With this high grading of acreage and the capital efficiencies that come with us, we expect that a net present value uplift to Devon of more than $200 million on a time 0 evaluation. And importantly, when we consider how these projects are getting pushed to the front of the development list, the uplift is over $350 million of present value.  Moving to Slide 19. Another area we enhanced the depth and quality of our drilling inventory was in the Williston Basin. In June, we announced the bolt-on acquisition of RimRock's assets in Dunn County at a highly accretive valuation of around 2x cash flow. This acquisition adds contiguous position of 38,000 net acres, directly offsetting the overlapping Devon's existing leasehold. This consolidates Tier 1 acreage on the Fort Berthold Indian reservation, where we have an exceptional competency for not only the technical perspective, but also the strong relationships with the tribe and with the community.  With completion activity lined up for the second half of the year, we expect production from the acquired assets to exit the year around 20,000 BOE per day, increasing our pro forma production in the Williston to around 65,000 BOE per day.  This acquisition also adds more than 100 highly economic undrilled locations, positioning our Williston assets to maintain this level of high-margin production and strong free cash flow for years to come. Our Williston team continues to perform at an exceptionally high level, and I'm thrilled to reload their opportunity set for continued great results.  And finally, on Slide 20, I'd like to call out the importance of our free cash flow generating assets that are also continuing success and sustainability of our business model. These assets may not capture as many headlines as the Delaware Basin, but I'm proud of the strong execution and consistent operating results that these teams have delivered to fulfill this critical role within our corporate strategy.  As you can see by the slide, by driving capital efficiencies, optimizing base production and keeping operating costs low. These high-quality assets are on pace to grow cash flow by about 40% this year to greater than $3 billion at today's commodity price. With our completion activity ramping up across each 1 of these plays in the second half of the year. I look forward to providing another very solid update on our November call.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review. Jeff?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our strong financial results for the quarter, and I'll also provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year.  Beginning with production, our total volumes in the second quarter averaged 616,000 BOE per day, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by 4%. This production beat was across all products due to another strong quarter of well productivity in the Delaware Basin.  As Rick touched on earlier, with our performance to date, we now expect our volumes for the full year 2022 to be around 300 basis points ahead of our original budgeted expectations. For the second half of the year, we expect the strongest oil growth to occur in the fourth quarter driven by the timing of completion activity.  Moving to expenses. Our lease operating and GP&T costs were $7.71 per BOE. This result was slightly elevated compared to our forecast due to higher workover activity and moderate pricing pressures across several service and supply cost categories. Overall, our exposure to higher value production, coupled with a well cost structure, expanded Devon's field level cash margin to $60.12 per BOE, a 22% increase from last quarter.  Cutting to the bottom line, our core earnings increased for the 8th quarter in a row to $2.59 per share. This level of earnings momentum translated into operating cash flow of $2.7 billion in the second quarter. After funding our capital program, we generated $2.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. This result represents the highest free cash flow generation Devon has ever delivered in a quarter and is a powerful example of the financial results, our cash returns business model can deliver.  The top priority for our free cash flow is the funding of our dividend and in conjunction with our earnings report, we announced a record high fixed plus variable dividend of $1.55 per share that is payable at the end of September. This payout represents a 22% increase from last quarter and includes the benefit of a 13% raise to the fixed dividend that was announced with our recent Williston Basin acquisition. In addition to the strong dividend payout, Devon also repurchased $324 million of stock in the second quarter. Since we initiated the program last November, we've retired nearly 24 million shares, lowering our outstanding share count by 4%.  We continue to believe the double-digit free cash flow yield of our equity offers a unique buying opportunity for us. We also took steps to further strengthen our financial position in the quarter with cash balances increasing $832 million to a total of $3.5 billion. With this increased liquidity, Devon exited the quarter with a low net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.4x.  And lastly, I want to briefly highlight that our disciplined strategy and execution are resulting in excellent returns on capital employed. Based on our performance year-to-date and our outlook for the remainder of the year, I expect our return on capital employed to exceed 40% in 2022.  This outstanding return profile, combined with our cash return framework, further reinforces the unique investment opportunity Devon offers versus other opportunities in the market today.  With that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I'd like to close today by reiterating 4 key messages from our call: Number one, Devon is a premier energy company, and the team is proving this quarter after quarter with our outstanding operational results and record-setting financial performance.  Number two, the momentum of our business has established is resulting in an improved outlook, manifesting in higher per share growth and cash payouts for the owners of our company.  Number three, we've taken steps to opportunistically capture resource, strengthening the quality and depth of our portfolio while ensuring the long-term sustainability of our model.  Number four, lastly, as we begin our planning processes for 2023, I can assure you there is no change to our strategy. We're driven by per share value accretion, not the pursuit of volumes.  I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Our question is on -- our first question is on -- our first question is on discipline. You mentioned that you mark-to-market the 2022 CapEx budget for inflation, presumably based on recent conversations with your providers. And I guess, how has those conversations really shaped your updated view on '23? And what we're getting at is you could pretty easily argue that returns being as high as they are, that inflation would have to get pretty high to make returns unattractive. And it's pretty clear how the market defines discipline on the production growth side. But how do you define discipline on the cost side?
Clay Gaspar: Jeanine, this is Clay. I'll take this one. The strategy remains the same. We do have categories of the strategy related to growth. The 0% to 5% is kind of one of the metrics. But if you refer back to Slide 3, we also focus a lot on free cash flow. On Slide 16, we talk about some of the margins. And so now that the focus is not just how much capital are we spending or how much production are we making. It's the flow-through result. And so while we're really excited about the margins today, and we're really excited about the 22% reinvestment rate, we have a stated goal to be somewhere below 70% on that reinvestment rate. So there's a lot of flexibility on built in and allowing us to continue the strategy even with the headwinds of the very real inflation we're seeing today.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. And then maybe moving to cash returns. There's been a lot of talk on buybacks this morning. For the past 2 quarters, Devon has increased the buyback authorization by about the amount of share buybacks that you did during that quarter. This quarter, the Board kept the authorization flat at $2 billion. And so we're just wondering, is there anything in particular that's driving you to treat the authorization differently this quarter than prior quarters?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Jeanine, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. Yes, the biggest thing that happened for us here at the quarter was we were blacked out the bulk of the second quarter as it relates to our share repurchase program, given the RimRock transaction that we've talked about. So we didn't quite get as much done as we would have liked to, that left us with just over $800 million of authorization still available to us. And so we felt like we've got plenty to go execute on here over the next quarter in the back half of this year. And of course, if we make as much progress on that front as we hope to hear in the near term, we'll absolutely go back to our Board and reload that authorization to accomplish more share repurchase. It's a critical component of our cash return strategy. And as Clay mentioned, we're very much focused on per share growth on all line items.
Operator: The next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: My first question is if we look at first half activity, perhaps for Clay. You guys tried to sells 131 wells, about 80%, a little bit over 100 in the Delaware Basin. We are seeing a little bit more spud activity or drilling activity in some of your other basins. So I was wondering if you could give us a sense for the 3Q TILs of 100, maybe a little bit of help on the mix on a basin level, just broad mix?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Arun, thanks for the question. We're still going to be obviously dominated by Delaware activity. We have some interesting work coming in, in the other basins as well. But it's -- I would say, for the third quarter, in particular, consider at least 55% or so, Delaware, some other number of wells coming in, in the other areas. You're also going to see the productivity of the Delaware Basin will also lever that turn-in-line number to a higher productivity, the higher contribution. We've gotten a lot of questions on the numbers on the kind of the flow of the capital throughout the year.  We're definitely more back-end weighted with the activity, the number of wells that we bring online but we also have an ebb and flow related to working interest that relates also to some of the capital flows as well.
Arun Jayaram: Great. That's helpful. And maybe one for Rick. Rick, you guys announced a couple of things on portfolio renewal over the last quarter, RimRock plus some of the acreage trades in the Delaware I was wondering if you view kind of RimRock as kind of a one-off just opportunistic? Or is this part of a broader strategy, call it these niche acquisitions to address portfolio renewal?
Richard Muncrief: Well, Arun, that's a good question. We get that quite a bit. And I think we have been very consistent with our answer for the last couple of years, and we will always be looking for unique opportunities like RimRock afforded us, also like the acreage trade that Clay talked about. We'll continue to look for those opportunities. And I'll say this is -- there's something pretty attractive about buying something at 2x cash flow in this day and time, when you think that it really fits in with your story and you've got the industrial logic.  So I don't expect us to ever be a serial purchaser per se. I hear that term a lot, but that does, but I will say that we'll always be looking for opportunities to strengthen our company's asset base and continue to build Devon for the long haul. We mentioned -- earlier this year, we celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company, and we really think about multi-decade. When we talk about it, it's just not an arm waving exercise. We truly are committed to that.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Rick, I wonder if I could ask you or maybe, Jeff, about the second half CapEx run rate. Obviously, RimRock is part of that, but there's also some midstream spending in there. How should we think about the 2023 implications of the second half of '22. Can we kind of annualize that and get a handle as to what we think CapEx might look like next year?
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I'd say this, Doug, as we said in our prepared comments, it's a little early for us to give you granular detail. We're going to continue to stick with our strategy of maintenance type spending level. You talked about the midstream asset spending, we do have some expansion. We have the joint venture. We're going to be building our third train. That JV is going very, very well.  We've got the 400 million a day cryo plant is full, and so we'll be working with our partners there to expand that to handle our gas production there. But still too early for us to be laying out any 2023 numbers. And I don't know if Clay or Jeff want to weigh in on that, but that's kind of where we're at right now, Paul.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Rick, I guess my follow-up would be on gas. You guys are the economics of your portfolio, obviously, has got a lot of variability in it. depending on what the gas deck is, and obviously, it looks to us at least that the outlook for U.S. gas has been reset some here, maybe to some kind of a new normal. I'm just wondering if you could talk then about capital allocation across the portfolio. And obviously, what I've got in mind is in Mid-Con, in particular.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. Doug, that's a great question. We get it quite a bit. And I can tell you, when you're looking at a $1 commodity price for gas, it's -- I think you're really -- I think people listen to us more than they did back when it was a $3.50 gas price, and we talked about the diversity that we enjoy with this portfolio that we have. And so for us, I don't know that you're going to change -- you'll expect to see us change our capital program allocation because recall that in our Delaware Basin, we do have a great deal of gas production there.  So really some wonderful returns. We do have 4 rigs running here in the Anadarko Basin to your point. We're seeing some great returns there. And the one thing that we want to do is a little bit more assessment type work there, some ideas that we have. And so we'll be very measured with that. But it's a wonderful asset. We have a great acreage position. We have a great joint venture partner, which we talked about with Dow. And the JV is going very well. We're generating some phenomenal returns with it. We're going to be very measured, very thoughtful about it. So I wouldn't expect us to have significant changes in our capital allocation mix.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: Yes. Just -- my first question is going to be around your view of intrinsic value. Can you give us a sense of how you get your arms around what the Devon's intrinsic value is. How aggressive will you get on the stock buybacks? And as part of that discussion, it would be interesting to hear your thoughts on your 50% variable dividend payout ratio if there is some flexibility to move higher than that? Or is really just keeping optionality for buybacks and maybe bolt-on another kind of M&A activity, the continued plan?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Scott, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. Maybe I'll hit the second part first, which is we're big believers in all of the above. So the framework that we've laid out provides an opportunity for a fixed plus variable dividend and then the share repurchases, as you mentioned. We think all of those are critical components to deliver on the business and operating in the financial model that we've laid out. Feel really good about that. Don't expect to see that change from us in the near term. We feel really good about the 50% threshold level for the variable dividend. As you point out, it provides us flexibility to bring cash back to the balance sheet for, obviously, any debt repurchases that we want to do, which we've mapped some of that out here over the last couple of calls. We've got $1 billion, we think we can do over the next 2 years, which is important to us to maintain our financial strength on the balance sheet. And then on top of that, we can execute on our share repurchase initiative.  So to your first question around intrinsic value and how we kind of think about the share repurchase, we're just like you guys, we've got 3, 4, 5, 10 different models that we look at when we evaluate our core business, run sensitivities operationally and financially, different price decks, different discount rates and how we think about that calculating that intrinsic value. We also do a lot of market comparisons, right, with -- from a multiple standpoint and otherwise. Bottom line is when we put all that together, any which way we cut it, we think our shares are an outstanding value right now. And have been for some time. When you look at the business model that we've rolled out and the outputs that we're generating case in point, the second quarter result. It's pretty clear to us that folks ought to be buying our equity, and that's exactly what we're going to be doing going forward.  So as I mentioned earlier, we've got over $800 million to go execute remaining on the current authorization and expect to approach the Board later this year for additional upside.
Scott Hanold: That's great color. And my follow-up question is you talked about looking at opportunistic activity, I mean with the bolt-ons and RimRock. But I think the term you used for that is portfolio renewal. Can you give us a sense of how you think about portfolio renewal versus acquisition per scale? Do you -- is Devon a right scale for -- to be a very efficient company? Or do you think there's still some advantages of rather than just buying stuff for renewal just for scale to have better cost efficiency on a per unit basis?
Richard Muncrief: Well, I'll say this. I think we're going to continue to see opportunities that come our way that we have to contemplate a number of things. Number 1 is the renewal, if you will, of inventory. We drill 300, 400 wells a year. So you just -- you think of that, even though you've got a deep inventory, we are an industry that needs to continue to renew your inventory, whether it's through exploration or transactions. And so I think that will always be part of our game plan to consider those. But there's also other things that come into play. Clay mentioned the acreage trades where suddenly we can drill another couple of hundred 2-mile laterals instead of 1 mile, and I can tell you, it just supercharges your returns. So there's a lot of ways we'll do that. We have a great team both the land and the business development side, we look at all sorts of opportunities, but we have a very, very high bar and we're going to keep that bar quite high, and we can do that because of the inventory that we currently enjoy.  And so I just don't know that we'll always -- we'll ever say that it's just absolutely part of our game plan, but I do think we'll have opportunities that come our way that could make sense for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Guys, and I'll refrain for sure returns to Devon, you guys are going to continue paying out. But Rick, my question is rather more on overall strategy, specifically, are there macro drivers or maybe even change in large investor sentiment that would have you all consider potentially more growth, let's say, next year, coupled with this large shareholder return?
Richard Muncrief: The shareholders we talk to and we frequently engaged with, the feedback we get continues to be similar to ours, and that is focused on a per share approach. And so when we talk about growth, it's a per share growth. And so fundamentally, unless we have shareholders, numerous shareholders that come in and say, look, we absolutely -- we do not like these big dividends. We do not like your share repurchase program. We want you to go back to a growth model. Until we see that, I see no reason to change our strategy. And this is a strategy that we didn't -- we've really not tweaked our strategy since we laid out the merger announcement in September of 2020 and nearly 2 years ago.  And so I think we've been very consistent. We did -- a few quarters back, we did talk about bumping our fixed dividend and we also talk about the -- adding the share repurchase option. And those are things that really just solidified our cash return model and I think as commodity prices strengthen, we saw it just -- it really adhered us to our shareholders when you could go across with all those options and deliver across the board. So to go back and completely change our strategy, I don't know, it just seems like a real long put for us right now to -- and we're certainly not getting that feedback from our investors.
Neal Dingmann: Yes. No, I agree. That definitely long put today. And then second question, maybe for Clay on Delaware activity specifically, could you address the current and future federal permits, of course, in the New Mexico area and I'm just wondering, will these permits or potentially just in the entire play lease expirations cause you to reallocate more activity into either Southern Living or Wingfield counties than you currently have?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Neil. It's -- I relate the federal land, it's kind of like work in international stuff. You have certain rules to live by. There's really good things about it, and there are some challenging things about it. I think specifically with the federal lands is you need to have a long view on a program. You need to be 2 years out ahead. You need to plan for your right of ways, you need to plan for your tie-ins, you need to plan for all the contingencies and that's how we treat it.  So happy to report. We still have 600-plus permits out ahead of us. That gives us plenty of runway. We're working very diligently with the local BLM office. I think they have a better understanding of what D&C is asking them to do, great hard working people that want to do their jobs well. And we work really hard to make them successful at helping us do what we need to do.  So I would say, so far, we feel good about the trajectory. There's always the concern of something changing. We'll react to that then. But I think most importantly, is having a long vision, a road map that allows us to stay out in front. As Rick mentioned earlier, having a diverse portfolio, having assets on the Texas side of the basin, having assets in other areas around the country is only accretive to the story.  Currently, we're allocating quite a bit of our total capital to the Northern Delaware because of the amazing returns that we have there. And the great work that the team does allowing us to execute on it.
Operator: The next question comes from John Freeman from Raymond James.
John Freeman: The Delaware well results continue to look quite good, but it is interesting that the lateral lengths are a good bit shorter through the first half of the year than what we've seen the prior couple of years. And obviously, you all highlighted the Stateline acreage trade that you all did, which caught up a good bit of the acreage highlighted to do some more extended reach laterals and, I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of kind of, I guess, a, what has kind of driven kind of the first half activity to be maybe on the shorter side on the laterals. Again, good results, but the laterals being a good bit shorter than what we've been accustomed to and maybe how to think about that going forward if we'll kind of move back toward that 10,000 type lateral length or better?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, John, appreciate the question. We are always striving to drill long laterals. And long today is sometimes 2-, sometimes 3-mile laterals. We've built really good proficiency in multiple basins to drill 3-mile laterals in North Dakota in the Anadarko Basin quite a bit all over the Delaware Basin as well. And so where the land position allows us to do that, that's often our first option. I can tell you in a little bit more of a mature development, you kind of set the tone on development, for example, 2-mile lateral development relatively early. And once that's established, it's hard to revert to 3 miles.  You just saw the great trade that we did, allowing us to go from 1 mile to 2 miles, that's of very high importance. We really try -- we've been holding back all that development, those 9 DSUs avoiding the 1-mile drilling because we had hoped to be able to get this transaction completed.  So you'll continue to see us push 2 and 3 miles. And sometimes we'll have 75,000 out of necessity and of course, the occasional 1 model. As I look at the results for the second quarter, 9,100 feet is what we delivered. That's a little bit shorter than the 97,000 to 10,000 that we've seen in prior quarters. I wouldn't take that as a statistical anomaly. It's just the stack of how many actual 3 miles versus how many 75,000 fell into that quarter. But we're always trying to push longer and keep that capital efficiency up high.
John Freeman: And then a follow-up question for me. In the past, you've -- you talked about one of the things that you have used to try and combat cost inflation as sort of your size and kind of consistent activity levels in terms of being able to look out and maybe layer in some longer-term sort of contracts for both materials and services. And I'm just curious if we could get some feel for kind of what the environment is at the moment in terms of service providers kind of willingness to offer longer-term contracts through 2023 or if it's just too cost prohibitive to kind of do that at this point?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, John, I appreciate you bringing up the question because it's a -- if it was important last year, it's 10x important this year. In fact, I would even point to a transaction like RimRock as maybe one of the contributing factors of us being able to get that deal done. As you can imagine, working in a tough environment like North Dakota, having to try and pick up, drop various services. It is a really tall order. Even to get basic casing design and some of the basic equipment necessary to get work done. And I think that allowed us to come in with scale and have a higher degree of execution certainty and kind of break the log jam. We have been trying to buy this particular piece of business for several years.  And I think that was a contributing factor. So like I said, incredibly important. We're really proud of the business model, the consistency helps a ton as we have lots of dialogue with our service company partners. It's the first thing they bring up. Number 1 is scale. Number 2 is consistency. So very much top of mind.  Specific to your question on longer time contracting, there's always an appetite for us. From our side, from their side, it's just a matter of that kind of that bid-ask spread. And we have our own view on where service cost is going to go. So kind of pairing that out and lining that up. I would say we try to balance some of the longer term and mid- and shorter term as well to keep ourselves active in the market.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: And Rick, the first question is for you on the macro. You've had a really good call better than most on the oil macro with the bullish view that you laid out earlier this year on one of the calls. We're going into an OPEC meeting tomorrow. I'd just love to hear your perspective on the moving pieces then being the demand outlook, U.S. production decline rates in non-OPEC and obviously, OPEC behavior. How do you think about the moving pieces as we look forward and the sustainability of this up cycle.
Richard Muncrief: Yes, Neil, great question. I guess for us, we think that just fundamentally, OPEC, we'll see what they come up with. But they probably may handicap a little bit of the concerns around a possible recession that could impact demand some -- somewhat. I don't think it's going to be very, very large. If they were to bump there, let's say, Saudi specifically, if they were to bump their productivity. I don't think it would be a large bump because I think in the back of their minds, they're looking at a lot of data like we all are, right? And so they're going to be -- I think they're going to be very measured. The rest of OPEC, I just think, quite honestly, I think are going to be very, very challenged to getting more close their quotas. That's been, I think, well represented.  So for us, when we think about maybe a slight uptick in Saudi's production, maybe even the UAE, but I don't think it's going to be that strong. You see continued discipline. You do see some growth here in the lower 48, but it's still a disciplined approach. China is -- there's a point in time when you will see that demand, I believe, increase as they started reopening.  In our mind, demand is going to be strong. And I think demand is going to -- net-net is you're going to start -- you'll still see some demand growth until we see prices -- I think WTI north of 120. That's kind of what we thought the first time and it pulled back and it could have been just circumstantial. But -- so we'll see. But I think for us, we're very constructive on the commodity price environment. That's both on the crude side and then on the gas side, too. I've been a little surprised that gas didn't pull back a little harder and stay, but it's -- I think we've talked about it with our team, just fundamentally, you do not want to be short at gas in this world. And I think that at that point-driven, whether it's whether it's a Uri storm or type storm or some of the geopolitical things, you just do not want to be short at gas.  That's an uncomfortable place for governments and utilities and the greater society. So we're very, very constructive. I think for us, we just -- Neil, we're very pleased with our execution. We're staying on top of the supply chain the best we can, and it's, I think, going well. We've made some really strong moves on -- in the marketing front, both on the gas side and the crude side to ensure, in my mind, very consistent reliable flows to the market. So I think we've done what we need to do. And I guess the takeaway for us is that we still are constructive on demand, both on the oil and gas side.
Neil Mehta: That's really helpful perspective. If I could dive a little deeper into the U.S. production profile, that's one of the great debates in the oil markets right now is where we are in terms of productivity of U.S. shale and whether the U.S. oil assets are maturing at which point we're moving more to maintenance mode versus growth mode. You have a unique perspective because you operate in so many different basins. I would love your perspective on whether we should be thinking of the U.S. as more of a mature base and as opposed to a growth base, which again would support the more constructive macro view.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I think -- let's start with crude. I think for us, we are really -- there's ranges of estimates out there. So we think about the balance of growth throughout the back half of '22, and we're probably a little more conservative than what some of the estimates are. And so in other words, we're not as bullish on U.S. growth as some will be for the back half. And there's a number of reasons there. I think for the -- as far as the maturation where we're at with the lower 48 plays, fundamentally, I think you've seen places like the Bakken, the Eagle Ford, in particular, where you've seen volumes are hanging in there, but you're really not seeing a lot of growth.  I think we did see an uptick in the Eagle Ford, but it's come back some, but I think both of those basins will be challenged to grow much. I think you have plays like the DJ and the Anadarko. We're not in the DJ, but that's a place we'll watch. I think in places like -- especially like the Anadarko, gas is going to be -- you can see some growth there. But it's going to be, I think, in aggregate, going to be somewhat moderate. And so it all comes down to the Permian. And I think the Permian will continue to be the only basin that grow substantially. But even with the Permian, I think you'll start seeing impacts of things like the supply chain pinch and others.  I think many of the private operators have been the ones that have driven the growth. The first -- I really say about the last 12 months. And so I think that's going to moderate a little bit. And so we'll see how it all plays out. You'll still see growth, obviously, but I think it's going to play out a little bit. It may not be quite as much growth as some people have forecasted. We'll see how it plays out.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Portillo from TPH.
Matthew Portillo: Perhaps a question for -- a question for Clay around delineation in the Permian. You've had some pretty outstanding results in the Bone Spring. I was curious how your thinking on that play has evolved as you work the asset both in New Mexico and at the Stateline and what that might mean for inventory expansion over time.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. Yes, you might have noticed that in the slide, we highlighted some of the results. On the New Mexico side, it was really a lot on the Wolfcamp, which has kind of been seen as the secondary bench, secondary to some of the Bone Spring activity that's been -- that's dominated the area for the last few years. And then on the Texas side, we actually talked a lot about the Bone Spring, which again is a little bit secondary historically to Wolfcamp. As you can see from the results, these results are exceptional. And so it gives us great confidence that the productivity of Wolfcamp and Delaware is -- doesn't change magically at the border.  It's pretty ubiquitous throughout this part of the Delaware Basin. The real trick is finding out the right recipe, spacing, staggering, sequencing and the team is making tremendous progress on that. It's kind of one of the hidden synergies of having 2 really strong teams that have worked this problem individually, come together, compare notes and really try and parse out what is the right solution on this.  So we'll never have the final answer, but I can tell you we are much further along than we were even just a year or 2 ago and understanding how to do this. And that's certainly a significant contribution to our understanding of the portfolio and the incredible results that you're seeing today.
Matthew Portillo: Great. And then just as a quick follow-up. Last quarter, you highlighted the potential savings from vertical integration on your sand mine expansion in the Permian. I was just curious if you could give us updated thoughts on potentially expanding this operation beyond the Permian and additional mines that might be able to be developed going forward to continue to lower your cost on development.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, we're certainly looking at it. When a slide like that makes the deck, you can bet around the company, everybody wants some of that. And so it's been a lot of fun to see the excitement and the kind of creativity around the organization. What I'll tell you is we have a really unique position in the Delaware, one it starts with the geology in this case, the surface geology, but also the ownership, also the logistics. And so those holes have to line up for us to be able to execute on this. I would say I'm cautiously optimistic at this point of being able to expand, not just in the Delaware, but to other basins and use some of the same techniques. We're learning a lot, but it's been a real home run to our operations.  As I mentioned, this trade, the wet sand mine that we have up and running even further enhances the already incredible economics that we're producing. So that leveraging of the margin is, especially in place like Stateline is just -- is pretty phenomenal. So happy to see more of it in due time.
Operator: The next question is from Kevin MacCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy: My question is now that you've closed on the RimRock acquisition. I'm curious what you're seeing on costs compared to your legacy acreage and any opportunities for further efficiencies.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Kevin. I would say it's really pretty early. We are just taking over some of the operations now. Best thing to do is a whole lot of consistency to make sure we don't having any of the wheels fall off in the process. But there's certainly techniques. I would say, generally speaking, completion designs are roughly similar. I think we'll see some tweaking. I think certainly, our supply chain efforts will help right away in kind of the next round of wells. But I want to be real clear. We are also taking this opportunity to learn. We can learn from everybody, RimRock is fighting a good fight just as everyone else in our industry is doing. And so every time we either look at one of these deals or when we were able to actually consummate a deal, we take it as an opportunity to step up our own game as well. And there's things mainly on the facility side, some nuggets that we've already picked up, and we're exporting to the rest of the basin from this transaction.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And as a follow-up, any color that you can give us on the comment of steady and consistent activity levels next year and maybe how production could trend from your 4Q exit rate at a steady and consistent level?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would just say directionally, same strategy, so 0% to 5%. When we come off that zero or low end growth, know that it takes time just to move that. So I would say where we stand today consider us on the low end of that 0% to 5% range. As you see in our quarters, we'll have quarters that are a little higher and a little lower, but when you zoom out a little bit and you draw a line through it, we're well inside the strategy, and we hope that, that -- we plan for that to continue into '23.
Scott Coody: All right. Well, it looks like we're at the end of our -- it looks like we're at the end of our time slot today. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. And if there's a few questions we didn't get to, gosh, reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you all for joining. This now concludes today's call. Please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and updated outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. Great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. As we all know, it's been an extraordinary time in the world, including energy markets over the past few months. While no one could have accurately predicted the timing or the wide-ranging impact of the recent geopolitical events, I can assure you that our team at Devon deeply understands the importance of our role in providing energy security to the U.S. We take pride in providing our great nation, a reliable, safe and cost-advantaged source of energy. The first quarter operational results are yet another example of the resolve and dedication to our mission here at Devon. Our people overcame multiple bouts of extreme winter weather and fought through the challenges of a tight supply chain to not only meet but exceed oil production targets for the quarter. We were also able to keep a lid on inflation and deliver these volumes in a very cost-effective way. This type of tough and resilient performance is what defines us, and I want to congratulate the entire Devon team for getting the job done the right way amid some very challenging conditions. Now turning to Slide 5. The first key message I want to convey is that the execution of our disciplined operating plan resulted in yet another quarter of impressive financial results. This was highlighted by Devon's earnings and cash flow growing at healthy double-digit rates versus last quarter. Our capital was in line with our plan and our free cash flow increased 18% over the prior period. We grew our quarterly dividend to a new record high payout of $1.27 per share. Our buyback program further amplified per share growth and our rock solid investment-grade balance sheet only continued to strengthen. These results continue to demonstrate the power of our disciplined business model, our focus on growing cash margins and the benefits of our differentiated cash return framework. On Slide 6, my second key message today is that we are staying true to the game plan we laid out earlier this year and are well our way to achieving our capital objectives for 2022. With our budgeted activity, Devon is one of the most active operators in the U.S. with 19 operated rigs running, and our team is working hard to maximize our production. As I touched on earlier, in the first quarter, we delivered more volumes to the market than projected in our plan and as strong execution positions us to produce 570,000 to 600,000 BOE per day for the full year of 2022. This level of output makes us one of the largest producers in the U.S., and we're laser focused on reliably delivering these essential barrels to the market in a capital-efficient manner. Now looking beyond the current year, I want to emphasize there's no real change to how we'll manage our business. To ensure we are excellent stewards of capital, we believe that fairly consistent activity through the cycle is the best pathway to optimize efficiencies and returns. To execute on this foundational principle, our disciplined strategy moderates Devon's production growth from zero up to as much as 5% in any given year. Today's heightened pricing from recent geopolitical events does not impact our capital allocation strategy. I can assure you that we will continue to be very thoughtful and closely evaluate how the geopolitical landscape influences market fundamentals. Even with today's higher prices, we simply must consider the continued steep backwardation in strip pricing, the ongoing supply chain challenges and the economic uncertainty resulting from the crisis in Ukraine. The third key point I want to make today is that our financially driven strategy is designed to reward shareholders with higher cash returns in this constructive price environment. This is demonstrated on Slide 8 with the attractive yield of Devon's fixed plus variable dividend policy offers compared to other segments of the equity market. In fact, at today's pricing, our yield is 6x higher than the average company that's represented in the S&P 500 Index. With this market-leading dividend payout, we have seen a tremendous benefit to our shareholder base over the past several quarters by attracting dividend-oriented funds, value investors, pensions, family offices, retail, and we're even beginning to see evidence of growth investors. Furthermore, we've also seen a significant change among the culture of our employees who all own our stock and look forward to that quarterly dividend check just as much as you do. Now another way we're returning cash to shareholders is by repurchasing our stock. As you can see on Slide 9, since we commenced the program last November, we have executed $891 million of share repurchases. This activity has reduced our outstanding share count by 3% at a cost basis that is about 25% below current trading levels. With the Board now expanding our share repurchase program by 25%, up to $2 billion, we can be active buyers of our stock throughout the rest of this year. We will be thoughtful, disciplined and convicted with this buyback activity, but I can assure you that we will take full advantage of any pullbacks and look for opportunities, especially to buy dips. At current levels, we feel that we are fundamentally undervalued and are at the start of a multiple expansion for our equity that should translate into true value creation for shareholders. Turning to Slide 11. My final key message for you today is that we expect a strong financial and operational performance we have been delivering to be sustainable for years to come by confidence comes from the quality of our asset portfolio, the depth of our inventory, the diversity of our product mix and the talented team we have assembled. These competitive advantages are further reinforced by our unwavering commitment to capital discipline through the cycle, the transparent cash return framework we have instituted and the rock-solid balance sheet we possess. Now importantly, the market agrees with this view and has been rewarding us with an increasing share price for the advantaged trades over the past year. However, with many investors that are possibly new to our story, we believe it is still very early in this structural bull market. Devon strong stock performance over the past year is largely a bounce back from the generational lows we experienced during the COVID crisis. This is evidenced by energy's waiting in the S&P 500 Index of only 4% compared to the long-term average of closer to 10%. As you can see on the box to the right, we believe our attractive return profile and valuation compared to the broader market will be another catalyst for our share price appreciation as more and more investors discover Devon's unique investment proposition. Furthermore, with our geographic and commodity mix diversity, we have the ability to benefit on all fronts. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover our operational highlights for the past quarter. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Rick, and thanks to those listening in on our call today. As you can see from the results we issued last night, our team delivered another round of impressive operating results. I want to stress to you that I don't take these regular accomplishments for granted nor should it diminish the valiant work that the team does to make these consistent deliveries look easy. This is a technically challenging business that continues to get harder every day. I believe that our recipe for today's success will continue to deliver in the future. The foundation of that operational success is built on a high-quality portfolio. That foundation is brought to life by incredibly thoughtful and hard-working people. And that team is guided by a business model, as articulated on Slide 3 that provides a steady course for them to drive their efforts towards. Once again, this quarter, strong well productivity across the portfolio drove production to exceed the midpoint of the 1Q guide, while steady operational improvements allowed us to mitigate additional inflationary pressure and keep our cost structure in line with the full year plan. This comprehensive execution across all phases of our operations allowed the higher commodity prices to pass directly through our field level margins and generate the highest level of cash flow for Devon in nearly a decade. Now let's turn to Slide 13, where we can discuss our franchise growth asset in the Delaware Basin. In the first quarter, net production from the Delaware increased 27% on a year-over-year basis. This volume growth was driven by 52 high-impact wells brought online that were diversified across targets in the Avalon, Bone Spring and Wolfcamp formations. In aggregate, these wells achieved average 30-day rates of 2,800 BOE per day with an average oil cut of over 60%. At an average completed well cost of around $7.5 million per well, the overall returns from this program are outstanding with many of these wells on track to pay out in less than a year at today's strip pricing. Turning to Slide 14, another highlight associated with the Delaware activity was the improvement in operational efficiencies and margin expansion we delivered in the quarter. Beginning with the graph on the left, we continue to achieve efficiency gains across each phase of our operations. In fact, in the most recent quarter, our drilled and completed feet per day metrics continued to improve to 85% and 135% respectively from just a few years ago. A great example of this progress is that team drilling our fastest well ever in the basin during the quarter with a spud to rig release time of only 9 days. At this point as a point of comparison, I can remember evaluating the 2015 acquisition that brought WPX into the basin with spud to rig release times of greater than 40 days. Completion efficiencies also steadily advanced with our best results occurring in the Upper Wolfcamp development that reached a record high pace of 2,400 completed feet per day. These accomplishments clearly demonstrate the great work our team along with our service company partners have done to drive improvements across the entire planning and execution of our resource. Directing your attention to the right side of the slide. We also effectively control lease operating expense in the quarter by keeping our per unit LOE costs essentially flat on a year-over-year basis. Our consistent operating plan, leverage of technology, enhance purchasing power and relentless focus on margin allows us to manage and offset rising costs and maximize the value of this production in this inflationary environment. As you can see this strong cost performance resulted in significant margin expansion compared to both the previous quarter and on a year-over-year basis. As I look ahead to maintain this high level performance, a top priority for us is to continue to stay ahead of inflationary pressure and supply chain disruptions. As the market is tightened, we’re experiencing substantial cost increases in raw materials, continued labor shortages, and uncommon scarcity across numerous products and services. We combat these challenges with thoughtful upfront planning, technology, consistent activity levels, and through bulk purchasing power we possessed doing due to our operating scale. Our effectiveness thus far as evidenced by our 1Q upstream capital spending coming in at only 24% of our full year. As we look as our full year guide. As I look forward to the rest of the year, I have confidence in our team and process is to mitigate our exposure to supply chain disruptions and out of out control inflation. We will continue to watch this closely, but if these trends continue, our capital spend could gravitate towards the top half of our guidance range for the year. Turning to Slide 16, a catalyst that will help us combat higher cost environment is the recent commencement of a company owned sand mine on the surface acreage we own in loving county. This mobile sand mine is the first of its kind in the Delaware Basin and is expected display up to 25% of our profit requirements in the basin this year. In addition to providing a certainty of supply, this mine could save us up to 200,000 per well relative to the rising spot prices we are experiencing across the basin as activity picks up and sand supply is tightened. Equally important, this mine also has significant environmental and safety benefits due to the need for fewer trucks on the road. And it eliminates the combustion related emissions associated with drawing the sand that occurs in normal mining processes. Finally, controlling this critical baseline of supply in this market is incredibly valuable to operational certainty. This creative solution to the current supply chain crunch is another benefit from an investment we made of a purchase of 15,000 acres of service land in the Stateline field in 2018. With the early success from this project, we are excited about the potential to expand this concept to other areas of our portfolio with opportunities already identified in both Anadarko and the Powder River Basins. This innovative approach to sourcing sand for our completion operations serves as another great example to our team’s drive for continuous improvement. Moving to Slide 17. While the Delaware Basin is clearly the growth engine for Devon, we also have several high quality assets in the top U.S. resource plays. The teams that support these assets are doing an incredible job of working to drive capital efficiencies, optimized base production, keep operating costs low and steadily improving our environmental footprint. As you can see by the slide by executing at extremely high level on these critical objectives, these assets are on pace to grow cash flow by about 20% this year to around $2.5 billion at today’s pricing. I’m proud of what these assets are delivering, and I appreciate the team’s hard work and efforts that go into fulfilling this important role within our portfolio. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I’ll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our strong financial results for the quarter. And I’ll also provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year. Beginning with production, our total volumes in the first quarter average 575,000 Boe per day. This performance exceeded the midpoint of our guidance due to another strong quarter of well productivity in the Delaware Basin. We expect first quarter production to be our lowest production quarter of the year due to winter weather downtime that reduce volumes by 15,000 Boe per day. With these curtailments back online and more than 80 development wells scheduled to initiate first production, we expect Devon’s volumes to increase by around 3% to nearly 600,000 Boe per day in the upcoming quarter. Moving to expenses, our largest field level cost category lease operating and transportation cost totaled $7.44 per Boe in the quarter. This strong cost performance was 3% below guidance expectations and allowed us to hold our per unit cost essentially flat versus the year ago quarter. Although we are experiencing moderate pricing pressure across several service and supply cost categories, our team’s proactive planning and thoughtful cost management has mitigated these inflation pressures year-to-date. Overall, this strong cost performance couple with exposure to higher value production expanded Devon’s field level cash margin by 17% quarter-over-quarter to nearly $50 per Boe. We also continue to control corporate cost. In aggregate, G&A and financing costs declined 13% year-over-year due to merger related synergies and the company’s ongoing debt reduction program. These structural improvements will help our margins remain resilient to inflationary pressures as we progress through the year. Current tax adjusted for non-recurring items was 6% during the first quarter. Given, the higher commodity prices we are experiencing, we now expect this to approach 10% for the full year. Cutting to the bottom line, Devon’s core earnings increase for the seventh quarter in a row to $1.88 per share. A key contributor to this growth is lower depreciation rates driven by our capital efficiency improvements over the past several years. This level of earnings momentum translated into operating cash flow of $1.8 billion in the fourth quarter. After funding our disciplined maintenance capital program, we generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow, which is the highest level of free cash flow Devon has ever delivered in a quarter. With this increasing amount of free cash flow, our top priority is to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders. As we’ve communicated in the past, the first call on our excess cash is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. Based on our strong first quarter financial performance, we increased our dividend payout by 27% to $1.27 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of June and includes $0.11 per share benefit from the divestiture contingency payments received earlier in the quarter. Another critical use for our free cash is the execution of our ongoing share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we’ve bought back another $302 million of stock. As Rick touched on earlier, since we initiated the program last November, we’ve retired over 19 million shares driving growth on a per share basis by 3%. With the Board expanding our share repurchase program to $2 billion, we now have just over $1 billion remaining on this authorization and expect to continue to opportunistically buy back stock as we progress through the year. We also have returned value to shareholders through our efforts to improve the balance sheet. In the first quarter, our cash balances increased by more than $350 million to a total of $2.6 billion. With this substantial liquidity and our strong cash flow generating capabilities, we expect Devon’s leverage profile to push towards a zero net debt balance by year end. Even with this advantaged financial position, we are not done making improvement. The next step in our debt reduction plan is to fully retire the $390 million of 2027 notes that become callable in October of this year. We will have the opportunity to retire another $600 million of debt in 2023 with a call of our 2028 notes in June followed by the maturity of another note in August. And lastly, I want to highlight the outstanding returns on capital employed that we’re generating. Based on our outlook for the remainder of the year, I expect our return on capital employed to exceed 40% in 2022. This return profile places us in the upper echelon of the broader market today, providing further evidence that our disciplined cash return strategy is working and delivering differentiated results. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I’d like to close today by reiterating a few things. Number one, the execution of our strategy is delivering impressive financial results you’ve just heard that. Number two, there’s no change or disciplined game plan in 2022. Number three, we are rewarding shareholders with record high cash payouts. And number four, we’re confident we can continually and sustainably deliver this kind of performance for years to come. Lastly, I’d like to reiterate once again, how proud I am of this team, the results they are delivering and the reliable energy we provide our great nation. The energy crisis we’re experiencing in certain regions across the globe is a stark reminder of how critical it is for the U.S. to have a clear and consistent energy policy to ensure our nation’s security and global leadership. Oil and natural gas will remain a core source of energy for decades to come. And this needs to be acknowledged and accepted with any energy transition policy discussions. This transition is not an event in time, but rather a multi-decade endeavor that will require enormous amounts of energy from all available sources to meet the world’s growing demand. Energy policy matters and if we misstep physics and economics will defeat platitudes and untethered ideologies over time. At Devon, we’re committed to doing our part by showing up to work every day to responsibly produce low cost, clean and reliable energy. We’re also dedicated to bettering the communities in which we live and work by supporting investments in public education, healthcare, infrastructure, and by providing high paying jobs to American families. I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A. Thank you.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We’ll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This will allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Arun Jayaram of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. My first question is just on cash return. The updated outlook is for dividends at $4.75 per share on Slide 7. And you highlighted two potential uses of cash, which would be the balance sheet to $1 billion over the next couple of years and then, call it, just over $1 billion left on the buyback authorization. So Rick or Jeff, what – given how you outlined maybe up to around $400 million in cash return through debt reduction this year, is it fair to say that there is enough cash to deliver on the full buyback this year?
Jeff Ritenour: Hi, Arun. This is Jeff. Yes, the short answer is absolutely, yes. And so as you know well, we continue to kind of evaluate each quarter the financial framework that we've laid out to The Street and obviously discussed it in great detail with our Board. Our first priority is always to make sure we feel comfortable with the leverage in the balance sheet. We're in great shape there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got $400 million we'll take out later this year and then another $600 million into next year. And frankly, if you look beyond that in 2024 and 2025, we'll have the option to take down another $1.5 billion of debt if we so choose, as we work our way out into the future. But right now, given the strength that we have with the balance sheet, we're really focused on delivering on that fixed variable dividend commitment that we've made. And then beyond that, we're incredibly excited to buy back our shares given the current level that we see and kind of how we're trading not just versus our peers, but versus the broader market. We think there is a real opportunity to create some real value by buying back our shares. And so you're going to see us continue to lean into that as we work our way through the year and hopefully our track record is a pretty good indicator of our behavior, which is each quarter we've continually added to that and added to the capacity and our ability to go after that.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up, we have seen over the last week or so, a couple of Permian gas takeaway projects being announced, KMI has gone open season on the pipeline and Whistler reached FID yesterday, I believe. So I was wondering if you could talk about what type of dilutions does Devon have in mind in terms of mitigating the risk of gas takeaway challenges next year just given production growth in the basin.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. You bet, Arun. I think you and I discussed this question on the last quarterly call as well. Just as a reminder with – currently our setup and with our production out of the Delaware, about 50% of our current production in the Delaware we have firm takeaway that we own and control and move those volumes out of the Delaware Basin to the Gulf Coast. With the remaining 50%, about half of that, we actually sell to counterparties on term sale deals that actually have firm takeaway capacity as well out of the basin and then the remaining 25% of our production today actually sits there in basin. And so that's the current construct. For that, we do share the concern that the broader market does around takeaway for gas out of the basin as you move into 2023 and 2024. So we are actively evaluating different opportunities to move more of our gas out of basin if the value proposition makes sense as we work our way to that. From a price standpoint, again, 50% of that production is getting Gulf Coast pricing. And then the other 50%, the way we've been trying to manage that and mitigate any impact to differentials is through our hedging program. So you'll see in our hedging disclosure that we outlined last night, we have a significant amount of our production that's in basin, get in-basin pricing. We've actually hedged that for this year and well into 2023.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning guys. First, Rick, just a question for you is on investor recognition. Specifically, I remember talking to you seem to suggest now that you guys think are being rewarded for the outsized dividends. And I'm just wondering, given how well the stock is done particularly well in 18 months, I know number one in S&P last year. What other areas do you think if you and Clay would talk about it other areas where you still think that investors might not be fully appreciated or appropriately rewarding you all yet?
Rick Muncrief: Well, I still think – I think we've been rewarded to degree with our dividend framework, that strategy and the execution of that. I believe that investors are going to continue to reward us for the predictability, the transparency of what we're doing. But I still think, fundamentally, that when you look at – and I mentioned this in our prepared remarks is that we're fundamentally undervalued when you start looking at the multiples and the returns people are going to see from us over the next several years. And I think that's something that – it's not just us, but I think it is especially us, but it's not – we're not the only company. I think there needs to be just a fundamental change of thinking with all of us on what our expectations are when we consider our multiples relative to virtually any other sector in the broader market and I think it was a great setup. We're going to – you heard Clay give you some ideas on some – not only ideas, real examples of what we're doing from a creativity standpoint, addressing supply chain issues. You've heard Jeff talk about some things we've done on the gas takeaway. So many of these challenges, we always think that we're going to be a step to – ahead of the competition and it's not only the competition, but issues that are coming our way that could be problematic for us. So I think that all we need to do is just keep being ourselves and keep delivering, being transparent, and I think it's going to work out just fine. Clay, do you want to add anything else?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Neal, I would just add to that. I think what is undervalued in the story is the repeatability. This is not just a one quarter kind of splash. I think the business model, the depth of our portfolio, the quality of our portfolio and how those – the business model messes with that portfolio to create a sustainable return to the shareholder in a very tangible way, I think, still comes in time. I remember a little over a year ago as we issued our first variable dividend, there was a very positive reaction, but I think the consensus was, yes, give us a few quarters of repeatability and then we will be able to draw a line through the data points. I think now that line has been pretty established. And the remaining question is how far does it – can we extrapolate that line. And I think what we're continuing to show from our portfolio as we talk more about our ability to deliver in various phases of the cycle, I think that repeatability and longevity will soon come to be valued as well.
Neal Dingmann: Yes, agree guys. I don't think your low-cost capital is even being considered as well. But lastly, just on the second question, could you talk about maybe asset allocation specifically, Clay, you talked about the repeatability. I'm just wondering given the entire move of the natural gas strip, any consideration of allocated more towards Anadarko? Or still is that just not competing in again? I know how good the Permian returns are. So again, it's a nice sort of challenge to have. I'm just wondering how – any outlook in that over there?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for bringing it up. I'm a big fan of Mid-Con and what the team there is doing. I think we are really significantly moving the derisking of that program. I think we'll continue to see dollars going to it in a very material way as they are this year. I don't see wholesale changes moving away from the Delaware. We have incredible depth of inventory there, and that's always shakes out at the high end. We stress test the portfolio in a number of different ways. We move gas relative to oil and what happens is you may reallocate inside the Delaware, but it continues to drive most of that investment of ballpark 70% to the Delaware Basin. Remember, we have some deeper gas – gassier options inside the Delaware that we barely have scratched the surface on. So it's – there's a lot of significant upside around the portfolio, but I don't see a wholesale change from us being a predominantly Delaware Basin focused organization.
Neal Dingmann: Well said. Thanks guys.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Neal.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Maybe just following up on some of the – good morning. Maybe just following up on some of the other questions on natural gas. We've heard a lot of talk recently about the role of U.S. natural gas in the global market. You've got 560 a day coming out of the Permian, which is a good amount. You mentioned already that you had 50% of that going to the Gulf Coast and FTE. There's additional FTE that's getting announced. How are you seeing Devon's potential participation in the global gas market? We know it's not a short-term call kind of given LNG export capacity. But your Permian has got a long runway of inventory we heard from a peer this morning that the economics don't really look so good for LNG right now. So just wondering how you're thinking about that for Devon?
Jeff Ritenour: Hi, Jeanine. This is Jeff. Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, absolutely. You nailed it and highlighted that we've got a significant portfolio of gas, obviously, just under a Bcf a day. So it's something we think a lot about. We do think there's going to be opportunities to capture a better realized price for our gas longer term given the LNG dynamic. So that's something that we are actively evaluating and thinking about. Don't have anything to announce today, but certainly something you'll hear more from us about in the future as we get further into those opportunities and determine what makes the most sense.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. And then maybe our follow-up is on the balance sheet. Jeff, you mentioned getting to zero net debt by year-end if prices hold but you're also not done paying off some debt early in 2022 and 2023. It's been pretty obvious over the past couple of years as a strong balance sheet as a strategic advantage. So is getting to net cash something that you're comfortable with maybe down the line? We have you actually getting there closer to the end of 2024, even with a healthy variable and buyback program. So is net cash either something you're comfortable with? Is that ultimately a goal? Or do you think it's really too inefficient use of the balance sheet? Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, Jeanine. No. I mean, fundamentally, we want to get more and more cash back to shareholders. I think we've been pretty clear on that with our framework and finding ways to do that, creative ways to do that from quarter-to-quarter. So I think that will continue to be the mantra for us and the behavior that you'll see us pursue. From my seat, I'm never fussed with building cash. So I'm always happy about that and certainly gives us a lot of optionality and flexibility as we execute our game plan. But certainly, we're cautious given the inflationary environment we're in. Sitting on cash is probably not the most productive thing that we could do. So we're always actively evaluating different opportunities in different ways and debating those ways with the Board as to how to get more and more of that cash back to our shareholders. So that – I think you'll continue to see our framework evolve over time and – but certainly will be consistent with what we've outlined in the past.
Jeanine Wai: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Freeman of Raymond James. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
John Freeman: Good morning everyone.
Rick Muncrief: Good morning, John.
John Freeman: The first question, we've been hearing everyone sort of talk about this earnings season, the supply chain issues that everybody is dealing with and sort of the tightness and the service side of things. And I'm just curious if sort of going through this, if it's caused any sort of changes and maybe the way that you all go about either securing raw materials, maybe having to plan further in advance. And with the service side of things, if there's any willingness to maybe look at – maybe longer-term contracts, maybe than you would have in the past given sort of a steady state level of activity that maybe isn't as sensitive to commodity swings that we maybe would have experienced in the past?
Clay Gaspar: Hi, John. It's Clay. Thanks for the question. Yes, the answer is we do need to think about things differently. I can think of a number of kind of slight modifications to our normal course. And the first one that comes to mind is I love innovation. I love change. I love what's the next, what's the 1.1, what's the 1.2. If that 1.2 is working, how do we get to 1.3? What we've talked about internally here is the necessity out of being a little bit more sticky in our designs. As we think about facilities design is a perfect example, we may have that great next idea. And we just put that into practice and some – a brilliant mind from the field said, hey, if we just did it this way, be even better. In this environment, we need to be a little bit more sticky with our designs. And what I mean by that is working with our supply chain, telegraphing not just the normal 3 months or 6 months lead times but 9 and 12 months. So what you end up seeing is, and you don't see this on the external, but internally, instead of a 1.1, we may wait for a 2.0 innovation to make that next change. That's just a cost of the current situation. The other thing we're being very cognizant about our suppliers and very importantly, our supplier suppliers, one of the great questions I love asking of our partners is what's your potential supply constraint – supply chain constraint and how are you mitigating those? And so as we think about aligning with partners that have more and our service company partners who I'm talking about, as they have more sophisticated kind of vision into their own supply chain, that gives us greater confidence in aligning with them because if they fall short, that means we fall short and the whole thing falls apart. So there are several examples that we think about – as we talk, rig contracts are always a great proxy. As we think about interfacing with our rig contractors, we ask what's the well-to-well contract look like, what's a 6 month, 12 month, 24 months look like? And by talking company to company, you'll kind of get a feel for their – essentially their supply/demand curves internally and we'll make decisions on who do we think can complement one versus another. And what we're actually trying to do is blend a mix of short-term, mid-term and long-term contracts, so that we stay current in the market and also mitigate significant run-ups in a short period. So, there's a lot of things that are probably more normal course. In this part of the supply chain, this kind of hyper concern around supply chain, I think everything has kind of just dialed up to 11 about how we think about these things and really try and protect outside, downside.
John Freeman: That's great. Thanks, Clay. And if I guess if I just followed up on the operational side, it was nice to see the sand mine come online this quarter and you mentioned that there are some opportunities to duplicate that in the Anadarko and the Powder. I'd be interested sort of on the timing on those two fronts and then as well as if there's sort of an appetite to expand the Delaware sand mine above and beyond sort of what it's doing now is supplying 25% of your needs there?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is just an example project of a lot of things we have kind of under the radar that we're working on to take a little bit more control and make sure that we have at least a baseload of supply. Sand is one of those things that nobody worries about until it's an issue and then it's a major, major issue. And so, owning the surface as we did kind of keeping an eye on the horizon, what everyone else is doing, we saw an opportunity here. And it's still – we're still – we've got start-up issues. We're still running this thing, just ramping up the activity. And so, I would say it's a little too early to talk about significant expansion, but really, really pleased about this as a project. As I think about – in the ESG world, I think about projects that are environmentally better, that are safer, that saves money that just absolutely do the right thing and then help us from a supply chain perspective. This was one that checks all the boxes. So really excited about it. As we talk about other basins, it's different in each basin. It's a pretty unique situation for us to own so much surface right in the middle of the heart of one of our biggest fields. We don't have that luxury in other areas. So you look at it a little bit differently, partnering with landowners or even partnering with sand contractors to make sure that we have that kind of this ability very close to our – the heart of our operations and still achieve at least most of the benefits associated with it.
John Freeman: Thanks, Clay. I appreciate the responses.
Clay Gaspar: You bet. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Portillo of TPH. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning all. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one might be for Rick. Rick, you've been able to pull together a very impressive portfolio through M&A transactions at the right time through the cycles over the last couple of years. And I was just curious how you feel about the current M&A market from a bid-ask spread perspective and how that might compare to continuing to return capital via buybacks to shareholders here?
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Good question, Matt. We talk about this all the time and certainly, Devon will always be a company that stays kind of in the know, so to speak and with what’s in the market doesn’t mean we’ll participate, but I can assure you we’ll have this some kind of an idea of valuations. From our standpoint, nothing really changes. I mean, we have – we’ve always had a real high bar of asset purchases or timing, even of sales. And nothing’s really going to change our framework. I mean, our number one priority is you've heard it, we’ve articulated several times today and that’s returning cash back to shareholders and returning value back to shareholders and really, really excited about our outlook. That’s why we’re so constructive on our share repurchase the program to be honest with you. We just think we’re fundamentally undervalued. And so once again that makes potential acquisitions more challenging because it fundamentally just has to be very accretive to us and we have to feel that it makes sense. And so nothing’s really changed from what you’ve seen over last several years, really.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then as a follow-up, just on natural gas, again. You obviously have the Dow JV, which has been a homerun. It looks like for both parties and juices the return profile for the Anadarko development program. Just curious more broadly speaking is there an opportunity to potentially form similar JVs going forward to pull forward some of your gassy your inventory and take advantage of the current improvement in the forward curve for both, I guess, natural gas as well as NGLs and some of the lighter streams on the hydrocarbon side.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. That’s a good question. And it’s always something we could do, Matt, but I can tell you the Dow JV is really a nice setup for us. You mentioned the NGL exposure that is tremendous here in the Anadarko and Clay talks about how the team is getting more and more confident in those returns and certainly on a promoted basis, they’re absolutely phenomenal. They’re just really, really strong. When you start thinking about JVs and other areas where we have exposure to gas, I mean, the first place, we have most exposure to gas would be the Permian. Really. I don’t know that we have a strong appetite to do a lot of gas JVs down there right now. It just doesn’t seem like that makes a lot of sense for us. I think, we’re going to continue to focus on developing the high liquids where you’re 50%, 60% crude oil plus the NGL that’s where you’re going to get some real margins in juice your returns. So I think for us right now we got a great set up. I don’t see us really having a strong appetite with these kind of commodity prices to move into another gassy base and set up some type of a JV there. I don’t think that makes sense. So I think we’ll just really stick with what we have right now makes probably the most sense for us.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Doug.
Doug Leggate: If I made one on inventory and Jeff, I got, good morning. One on inventory and Jeff I got to talk about the variable. So I’ll do that a second if you don’t mind. So in your remarks, I think you talked about, you have got deeper gas opportunities in the portfolio. On Slide 20, you show us 2,500 – sorry, 4,000 locations in the current inventory and up to another 2,500. So my question is presumably that includes the gas sensitivity, and I guess the question I’m really trying to get to is that’s about a 15-year inventory, your current pace including the 2,500. How does Devon avoid being a third smaller five years from now on this inventory deck? [ph]
Clay Gaspar: Hey, Doug, it’s Clay. I’ll take that one. So there’s a couple of things happening in the inventory. And remember we try and show this slide to give confidence around the next running decade. If I had to update the slide today, I’d say I feel very, as confident as I did a year ago in our one, or excuse me, one decade ability to deliver very high returns at very competitive cost structure. If you recall that slide is all based on a 33, excuse me, a $3 and $55 world. And so certainly as that commodity price runs up the whole quantification of those opportunities come up as well. And the quality of those opportunities come up. Now, remember, we’re still looking at other deeper horizons as an example in the Wolfcamp in the Permian that adds to that inventory, the work that we’re doing in the Powder that adds to that inventory. Some of these things that – some are represented in that upside piece, and then there’s additions that we didn’t even consider in the upside. What I would expect as we march through the years that this is kind of a rolling 10 years out in front of us. We’ll certainly look to augment. We’ve done a great, some great things in the path with bolt-on acquisitions, right in the heart of what we’re doing. Our land team continues to do a great job of trades that bolsters these numbers as well. And then of course, the kind of little E exploration kind of under positions that we already own also adds to these positions. So it’s a moving target, certainly commodity price helps. We’re not just relying on higher commodity price to add to the quantity and the quality of this portfolio look.
Doug Leggate: So just a clarification Clay. So the 2,500 additional, my read of it, that was the impact of the higher commodity deck. So are you suggesting there’s upside to the 6,500?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, there is additional upside.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thank you. My follow-up Rick is, is probably for you or for Jeff. But there’s been a lot of comment around you think your stock is undervalued. You’re getting a lot of help from gas today, obviously, and there’s other things going on but the whole sector. But your share price is pretty much flat since your oil price stock going up at the beginning of March. The renewable dividend – or the variable dividend will be paid out on the 30th of June. So that’s coming off your balance sheet, which is net negative for your equity, and you increased by 25%, but your variable dividend is even more than that. So my question is how does the commentary around how cheap our stock is dive with the continued commitment for an outsized variable distribution, which erodes you equity value, as opposed to really stepping into the buyback program?
Rick Muncrief: I think just fundamentally, all the questions I think, some investors grapple with it, and quite honestly, we’ve debated over the last 12, 15 months is it either or we felt like most of the investors we felt like were giving us very, very candid feedback. They preferred that return of cash today rather than share repurchase. As we’ve gotten into it, Doug, I can tell you that we’ve become more and more convicted. We continue to debate this with internally here and with our Board. And we just feel fundamentally that the curve is heavily backwardated, but it’s been wrong. And that’s why you continue to see it come up. And this is not just the Ukraine, the horrible situation Ukraine driving. It certainly is we all know that it’s a factor, but we have become more and more convicted that share repurchases make a lot of sense for us. And – but it’s not just an either or it’s – we’re going to do both. And matter of fact, we’re not just doing both, we’re doing the third thing and that’s aggressively paying down debt. So all of this creates value to our shareholders. It makes the equity, I think, more, more valuable. And you start looking at the disciplined we’re employing. When I look at the equity performance, yes, it’s been great what we have done over the last 12 months. We’re excited about that. But I still think that at the end of the day, the story has just begun with energy. And I think we continue to get – that’s what makes a market, right? You have people that push back on thesis and people that push back on perspectives, but ours was that if we, it goes all the way back to the fundamentals of the merger that we announced 18 months ago. We felt like that it would make a lot of sense. We give us a lot of lot of runway to implement a variable dividend, which we both companies were very big fans of. But we were able to accelerate that. And as things that we saw the synergies, we saw the opportunity to set up for the continued execution, managing through these supply chains. And that’s why we just feel that fundamentally our equity is undervalued and that’s – that gives us the conviction to go out and buy it back. And so we’re going to have a multi-prong attack, and I think that’s the best thing we can do as a management team I believe.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer, Rick. I guess what I’m saying is I think we prefer to see more of the permanence than the transitory stuff. But I will say one last thing. I think we’re all going to be calling [ph] you on platitudes and untethered ideologies. I love that expression. And [indiscernible] I think. Thanks so much.
Rick Muncrief: Thanks. Thank you, Doug. Take care. Talk soon.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Rick, Clay and Jeff, and the rest of the Devon folks on the call.
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Charles.
Charles Meade: My first question, this would be for you, perhaps for Clay. Thank you. Could you contrast for us the different ways you may be experiencing inflation across the Rockies, Mid-Con, Permian [indiscernible] Gulf Coast and maybe offer a thought or two on what bottleneck may be yet to emerge for you guys?
Rick Muncrief: Clay, you want to answer that?
Clay Gaspar: Sure. Happy to, yes. I think of inflation, we use it kind of as a holistic term. But it supply chain and importantly it’s people and any one of those can manifest in a headwind to our operations. And so kind of breaking those apart a little bit, thinking about supply chain, excuse me, let’s start with inflation. Just as a sense of rising prices, that’s one component of inflation. That’s actually one of the easier ones to manage. It’s a little – you can telegraph it a little bit more. You can mitigate with contracting alignment with suppliers. That’s pretty manageable in a sense. The harder part of inflation and I’ll stick to kind of that piece of it is maybe there’s a time component. If you’re having to go to your third or fourth or fifth favorite supplier, maybe there is a drag on maybe when that well starts up. That’s an inflationary component that is really hard to mitigate. Maybe there’s some standby time or you’re reaching for that, your favorite supplier, and they’re always available and no longer available. How do you bake that in into your time component of inflation? There’s one other component of inflation that can get you, and you think about this is more people related. It’s the newness or the dilution of the talent. When we’re contracting, we get a really run up in some of the best people in the industry. Most experience, you might have a day company person, and a night company person that are both 30-year people that are exceptionally good at what they do as that activity picks up. That dilution of talent also can cause a little bit of drag. We anticipate these things, we work with this. We always look for a safety potential and make sure that we mitigate around that. Turning to supply chain. This one is usually a little bit more of a contracting strategy. We think about the big exposure items of hydraulic horsepower, rigs, water, sand, steel, that covers a huge portion of the cost structure. And as a supply chain organization, they really focus on the long-term view of that. What’s getting us and what’s unique about this opportunity right now is it could be the transformer. It could be the display on some piece of equipment that is not, it is absolutely inconsequential from a cost standpoint, but is just as critical path to any one of those big ticket items, if we don’t have them. And so we are certainly very aware of that. There’s things that have popped up that we try and stay ahead of. We’ve built a little more inventory both on our own ticket and with our suppliers, trying to make sure that we’re staying ahead. Like I said in the question I answered earlier asking our suppliers about their suppliers and kind of continuing to go down that line and hunt out where those potential constraints are. And then finally, a little bit more on the people. People could be truckers. It could be the quality, the quantity of the individuals we have out on location. Again, if you can’t truck, the equipment to location, you can’t do what you do. So it’s a complicated business. I commend the team especially our supply chain organization that’s thinking so deeply about this. Our operations team that are working and really… [Technical Difficulty] guides for 2Q, but what was Devon’s experience like in that as that storm blew through and is that state average representative for what you guys experienced or how was – how maybe was it different?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, I’ll rewind back just a little bit as we talk about weather, I really didn’t get to talk about it earlier. But in the first quarter, we had four weather events blow through the teams getting better and better overall. This was probably more Mid-Con and Permian related that manifested during the course of the first quarter to respond to that, to mitigate, make sure we’re avoiding any safety events, incidents, environmental incidents, protecting the wells and then getting them back on. And that was all baked into the first quarter results. We did have some downtime associated with that. As you mentioned in the second quarter, namely in the month of April, we had some fairly late spring, massive snow events, mainly in Williston, but it also hit a little bit into Wyoming, our Powder as well. We had the ranges I’ve heard from the field were 26 to 40 inches of snow over the course of just a couple of days. We had people completely snowed in to their house, not even able to get to the field to check on wells. The good news is with our modern operations, we’re able to remotely monitor wells, but you can only do that to a certain degree. We can remote shut in wells. We have cameras on location, so you can visually see if anything’s going on, except if the whole field’s covered in feet of snow. Then it’s hard to see even what’s going on. So we did have some downtime, very significant. We had a – the weather event I mentioned, and then the next weekend, we had to follow on another six inches of snow followed with some rain in Williston, a larger snow event in Wyoming. And I can tell you, the teams did a great job, no safety incidents to speak of, no significant environmental events to mention. We did have a production impact. And as you mentioned, it was – it’s all baked in. The 80%, I think that’s way overstated for our operations. I don’t know what the source of that information was, but we baked our production forecast in and accounting for all of this weather. And just great work by the team in our field. I mean, I can’t say enough about how great these guys are.
Scott Coody: All right. I see that we’re at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2021 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Scott Coody, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the year and outlook in 2022. Throughout the call today, we'll make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today include -- will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It’s great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. For Devon Energy, 2021 was a transformational year that can best be defined by our willingness to be a first mover and pursue bold strategic consolidation. Our operational excellence and unyielding commitment to capital discipline and the groundbreaking deployment of our industry-leading cash return business model underpinned by our fixed plus variable dividend. As you can see on slide five of our presentation, an event that was foundational for our success in 2021 was a merger of equals between Devon and WPX have brought together two highly compatible organizations with complementary assets to create an elite E&P company. This transaction was perfectly timed at the very bottom of the cycle and set the groundwork for Devon's significant value creation during the year. With this advantaged platform, we executed on our Delaware-focused operating plan and captured cost synergies that resulted in $600 million of annual cash flow improvements. These margin expansion efforts, combined with a disciplined capital allocation framework that prioritize value over volumes, resulted in Devon generating the highest level of free cash flow in our prestigious 50-year history. With this powerful stream of free cash flow, we delivered on exactly what our shareholder-friendly business model was designed for, and that is to lead the industry in cash returns. As you can see on the graphic, we rewarded shareholders with outsized dividends, opportunistic share buybacks, and we took meaningful steps to strengthen our investment-grade balance sheet. This disciplined execution was rewarded by the market, with our share price achieving the highest return of any stock in the entire S&P 500 Index during 2021. I am so very proud of what we accomplished, and I want to extend my sincerest gratitude to everyone involved. Our team comprehensively executed on the tenets of our strategy, while responsibly providing our nation with a low-cost and reliable energy source that is the lifeblood of our modern economy. Now turning to slide six. While 2021 was a record-setting year for Devon, the setup for 2022 is even better. With the operational momentum we have established, we have designed a capital program to efficiently sustain production at a ultra-low WTI breakeven funding level of around $30 a barrel. Combined with the full benefit of merger-related cost synergies in a vastly improved hedge book, we're positioned to deliver free cash flow growth of more than 70% compared to 2021. As you see on the graph, this strong outlook translates into a free cash flow yield of 14%, assuming an $85 WTI price. Clay will run through the details of our operating plan later, but simply put, we expect 2022 to be another great year for Devon. Turning your attention to slide 7. With this significant stream of free cash flow, the top priority for our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. This cash return strategy is a staple of our capital allocation process, allowing us to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions. With this differentiated framework, we've increased Devon's dividend payout for five consecutive quarters. And in aggregate, we paid out $1.3 billion of dividends in 2021, which is a per share increase of roughly 2 times that of 2020. Importantly, we expect our dividend growth story to only strengthen in 2022. As you can see on the bar chart, we are on pace to essentially double our dividend again in the upcoming year, which equates to around 8%. I would like to highlight that this attractive yield includes a substantial increase to our fixed dividend that we announced last night. This 45% increase in the fixed dividend reflects the confidence we have in our underlying business and financial performance as we head into 2022. Now on slide 9, I want to briefly showcase how our unique dividend policy offers a quite compelling alternative for yield-seeking investors. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in 2022 compared to other commonly referenced yields in the financial markets. As you can see, Devon's yield of 8% is approximately 6 times higher than the S&P 500 index and well in excess of the prevailing interest rate you can get from 10-year treasury. While I fully acknowledge that these three instruments possess different risk and volatility characteristics, I believe it's important to highlight the outsized income that Devon offers in this yield-starved world we live in today. On slide 10, in addition to our market-leading dividend payout, we're also excited to announce that we are increasing our share repurchase authorization by 60% to $1.6 billion. At a multiple of less than 5 times cash flow, we believe our business trades at a substantial discount to the intrinsic value, especially given the structural improvements we've made to expand margins and returns. Given this favorable setup, we have put our money where our mouth is by aggressively repurchasing $589 million of shares just in the fourth quarter alone. With the Board expanding the capacity of our repurchase program, we will continue to be opportunistic buyers of our stock throughout the upcoming year. And lastly, of the diagram on slide 12, I believe, does a great job of summarizing what we've created here at Devon. We've assembled a high-quality asset portfolio and a team that is working incredibly hard to deliver on our commitment to expand margins and deliver growth and free cash flow, accelerate our cash returns with our market-leading dividend payout, enhanced per share growth with opportunistic buybacks and take consistent and meaningful steps to further enhance our financial strength. While 2021 was a record year, we're only getting started. At Devon, we have the right mix of assets, proven management, the right team and a shareholder business -- a shareholder-friendly business model, designed to continue to lead the energy industry and capital disciplines and cash returns. And with that, I'll now turn to Clay for the call to continue and provide an overview of our recent operational results and upcoming capital plan. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As Rick touched on, 2021 was a pivotal year for Devon that demonstrated the power of our asset portfolio and the capabilities of our talented organization. Across the portfolio, our team delivered results that exceeded production and capital efficiency targets, while continuing to drive down per unit operating costs and improving margin results matter. And while I don't take any of these accomplishments lightly, I'm equally proud of the way that we were able to accomplish these financial metrics. Overcoming the challenges of the merger, pandemic and supply chain issues, we built a unified culture, took many best practices from both legacy companies, and we're now poised for further leverage of those collective wins. Now let's turn to Slide 14, and we'll see how 2022 capital plan is designed to build upon the momentum that we've established this past year. The first key point that is there is no change to the upstream capital budget of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion as we disclosed last quarter. While inflation is an absolute reality, our teams have done a good job of working with our service companies, mitigating escalations where we can and quantifying the remaining impact of our forecast. The great thing about a cyclical business is that if you're paying attention, you should have a pretty good idea of what the most critical things to focus on in anticipation of the next phase. At this point in the cycle, we're focused on listening to our service company partners and helping them help us be successful. In this very tight supply chain market, the key phrase we hear is predictable and reliable. You will notice that our '22 program looks quite a bit like our '21 program. This has allowed us to telegraph to our service companies, midstream partners and other key stakeholders to expect more of the same. That predictability allows them to plan their own supply chain work and the reliability allows them to know that we're going to do what we say we're going to do. Relationships are one of our core values at Devon. And this listening and working with our critical partners is an example of that value in action. The relatively steady level of activity in '22 is projected to sustain our production throughout the year ranging from 570,000 to 600,000 BOE per day. Now let's turn to Slide 15, where we can discuss our Delaware Basin asset, which we believe is the most capitally efficient resource in North America. During 2021, we had great success with our capital program that resulted in a production growth rate of 34% compared to our first quarter '21. This high margin growth was driven by consistent execution and outstanding well productivity that was headlined by several memorable projects such as Danger Noodle, Boundary Raider and Thistle Cobra to name a few. Each of these prolific projects eclipsed 30-day rates of more than 5,000 BOE per day on a per well basis, exhibiting the world-class reservoir potential that resides in the Delaware Basin. It's important to note that strong volume performance in 2021 was paired with excellent capital efficiency and substantial additions to our proved reserves. While I would never point to a single year of reserves booking as the measure of success, with consistent and reasonable conservative booking processes, which we have, it can provide insight into the quality of the underlying assets. At year-end, our proved reserves in the Delaware increased 18% on a pro forma basis. And these reserve additions replaced more than 200% of what we produced during the year. I find it especially impressive that our team added these reserves at an ultra low F&D cost of only $5 per Boe. This result is just another example how advantage and sustainable our resources in the Delaware Basin. Turning your attention to the map on the right, you can expect more of the same from us in 2022. We have a great slate of projects lined up to execute on. And once again, most of our program will consist of the high impact opportunities, focused on developing Upper Wolfcamp and Bone Spring zones and, to a lesser degree, the -- excuse me, the Avalon targets as well. To execute on this plan, we expect to run 14 rigs and 4 frac crews during the year. This capital activity will be diversified across our acreage footprint with sweet spots in Southern Lea and Eddy Counties and Stateline receiving most of the funding. Not only with this level of activity continue to grow Delaware production in 2022, but the benefits of our operating scale and best practices from the merger integration, we are well positioned to continue to improve our execution capabilities. Let's turn to slide 16, where we have displayed our strong track record of continuous improvement. As you can see on the slide, with the efficiencies captured in the Delaware, the team has essentially doubled the productivity of our rig and frac equipment compared to just a few years ago. The operational improvements have also meaningfully reduced our cost over time to about $550 per lateral foot in 2021, which competes very well with anyone out there. As I look ahead to 2022, I expect our operational performance to continue to improve. Our team consistently is identifying new ways to leverage technology, operational breakthroughs and industry best practices. Inflationary pressure and supply chain disruptions are a reality. Based on today's industry activity and commodity price projections, we've baked in around 15% higher costs than we saw in 2021. We have been and continue to be focused on consistency, planning and staying out in front ahead of these -- and reacting to any unforeseen issues. This work will be even more critical as the market continues to tighten. On slide 17, the next area I want to showcase is the momentum we're building in the Anadarko Basin, where we have a concentrated 300,000 net acre position in the liquids-rich window of the play. With the benefits of our $100 million Dow JV carry, we drilled over 30 wells in 2021 and commenced the first production on 16 of those wells during the year. As you can see on the charts on the right, the initial capital efficiency is excellent. With the benefit of state-of-the-art completion designs, and appropriately up-spaced developments, per well capital costs have decreased by 25% versus legacy activity and well productivity to-date has exceeded the type curve expectations by 35%. With the strong execution, the carried returns we're seeing from this activity will compete for capital with any asset in our portfolio. Given the success, we've elected to step up activity in the Anadarko Basin to three rigs in 2022. This program will result in around 40 new wells coming online in 2022, allowing us to maintain steady production profile throughout the year and harvest significant amounts of free cash flow. Now let's turn to slide 18, and I'll cover a few points on the other assets that are creating huge value while flying under the radar. Collectively, these assets generated more than $1 billion of free cash flow in 2021 and we're on pace to produce a similar amount of free cash flow in 2022. Williston remains some of the best returns in our portfolio. The team has continued to unlock additional locations and has leveraged company best practices to significantly improve our ESG footprint. Our Eagle Ford asset continues to deliver solid returns. The team is doing some very exciting work to unlock additional locations and a very significant refrac potential. The Powder is the basin with the most upside yet to unlock. Our team is making great progress in that regard by driving laterals longer to three miles and rebooting the stimulation design, we're seeing very encouraging well results. I'm proud of what these assets are delivering, and I appreciate and effort that goes into fulfilling this important role within our portfolio. Finally, let's turn to slide 19, where I'm excited to share some of our progress on the ESG front. As many of you are aware, we set aggressive emissions reductions targets last year that covered a myriad of near, mid and long-term priorities. In addition to our -- to ensure organizational alignment, we directly tied progress on these targets to our annual compensation program. We've also dedicated a Board Committee to engage in our ESG goal setting process, performance and reporting. Since the announcement of these environmental targets, we've taken immediate action and delivered results. We do not have finalized figures yet for this past year, but I can tell you our Scope 1 and 2, GHG emissions will improve roughly by 20% in 2021 versus our 2019 baseline, well ahead of that stated goals from this past summer. Two of the key successes on reducing overall emissions is reducing methane emissions and reducing flaring. In 2020, we reduced methane emissions by 47%, and we reduced flaring by 33%. I expect this positive rate of change to continue. Looking specifically at 2022, we have many visible catalysts that will drive important results such as advancements in leak detection technologies, improved facility design, facility retrofits, wide-scale deployment of air-driven pneumatic controllers and electrification of select field operations. I believe that it's also important to point out that these efforts are focused on changes that will not only improve our ESG metrics, but will also improve our overall operations. By focusing on these operational wins, we further align our organizational focus and excitement around ESG improvement. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review. Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. My comments today will be focused on the key drivers of our financial results in 2021 and also provide some insights into our 2022 outlook. Beginning with production, our total volumes in the fourth quarter averaged 611,000 Boe per day, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by 3%. This production beat was across all products, with the most significant outperformance coming from NGLs where processing economics were exceptionally strong during the quarter. In the upcoming quarter, we expect production to approximate 570,000 Boe's per day. We expect this to be our lowest production quarter of the year due to winter weather downtime that reduced volumes by about 15,000 Boe per day. All winter-related curtailments are back online, and we expect no impact to our full year production estimates. Moving to expenses. Our lease operating and GP&T cost exited 2021 at a rate of $7.25 per barrel. This result represents a 1% decline compared to where we started the year, but was slightly elevated compared to our forecast. As you might expect, we experienced moderate pricing pressures across several service and supply cost categories in the quarter. And we also incurred a non-recurring charge to GP&T expense in the Eagle Ford. Another key variance was higher work-over activity, which contributed to our strong production results in the quarter. Overall, our exposure to higher value production, coupled with a low cost structure, expanded Devon's field level cash margin to $42.37 per barrel, a 14% increase from last quarter. Jumping to corporate cost, we did a great job of improving this expense category in 2021. In aggregate, G&A and financing costs declined 31% year-over-year on a pro forma basis due to lower personnel costs and the company's ongoing debt reduction program. These structural improvements will carry over into 2022 and act as an ongoing annuity for years to come. Cutting to the bottom line, Devon's core earnings increased for the sixth quarter in a row to $1.39 per share. This level of earnings momentum translated into operating cash flow of $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. After funding our disciplined maintenance capital program, we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. This represents growth in free cash flow of more than 400% compared to where we started the year after closing the WPX merger. The top priority of our free cash flow is the funding of our dividend. As Rick covered earlier, in conjunction with our earnings report, we announced a fixed plus variable dividend of $1 per share that is payable in March and includes the benefit of our 45% raise to the fixed dividend. This payout represents the highest quarterly payout in Devon's history. Another avenue that we're returning cash to shareholders through is the execution of our share repurchase program. Since we initiated the program in November, we're off to a great start by repurchasing 14 million shares at a total cost of $589 million. This equates to an average price of $42 per share, which is around a 25% discount to our current trading levels. With the Board expanding our share repurchase program to $1.6 billion, we now have roughly $1 billion remaining on this authorization, and we expect to continue to opportunistically buy back stock in 2022. We also have returned value to shareholders through our efforts to reduce debt and improve the balance sheet. In 2021, we made significant progress strengthening Devon's financial position by retiring more than $1.2 billion of outstanding notes and we achieved our net debt-to-EBITDA target ahead of plan, exiting the year at less than a turn of leverage. At today's pricing, we expect our leverage to trend even lower in 2022, pushing towards a zero net debt balance by year-end. And lastly, I do want to highlight that our disciplined strategy is also resulting in excellent returns on capital employed. In 2021, we achieved a 20% return on capital employed and we are positioned for this measure to substantially increase in 2022. The strong rate of change we are delivering with ROCE, combined with our cash return framework, further differentiates Devon versus other opportunities in the market today. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. In summary, 2021 was a banner year for Devon. We delivered on exactly everything we promised and did some. Now, as we shift our focus to the upcoming year, I want to be clear that there is no change to our cash return playbook. It will be more of the same. We will be relentlessly focused on delivering high returns on capital employed, margin expansion, accelerating free cash flow growth and returning excess cash to shareholders. Our talented team here at Devon takes great pride in leading the industry in this disciplined operating framework. And when coupled with the development and deployment of new technologies, simply put, we are very energized and ready to roll in 2022. I sincerely hope, you can now appreciate how we've delivered on the vision that Dave Hager and I, along with our respective teams, had when we announced our merger in September of 2020. We wanted to create something truly special, and we feel that we've done just that. I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. Perhaps for Jeff, I wanted to get more insights on the base dividend increase and how we should think about the mix of base and variable dividends in future periods? Because I believe the historically, you guys have targeted about 10% of CSO call it a mid-cycle price for the base dividend. So I want to get some thoughts on how that's evolving over time.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, Arun. Thanks for the question. You're spot on. Historically, the way we thought about that is kind of on a normalizing -- normalized price debt, kind of a mid-cycle price deck. We've targeted kind of a 5% to 10% payout ratio of our cash flow for that fixed dividend. So as we discuss the fixed dividend raise that we announced this quarter with our Board, as we did the math and work through our model, we kind of centered in around the kind of 7.5% payout ratio, again, specific to mid-cycle pricing. So as we move forward into the future, I think that's an area where you're going to continue to see us debate that with the Board. And frankly, I think there's a high likelihood that we'll have the opportunity to grow that fixed dividend further as we move forward. And so it will likely gravitate towards the higher end of that payout range, somewhere closer to 10% as we walk it forward.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up is I had a question on just the Permian in general. What are the potential headwinds for the industry in terms of future growth will be gas takeaway which I think today stands around 17 Bcf a day. You got to grew your Permian production by over 30% from 1Q and your net production is approaching 600 million a day. So I just wanted to see how is Devon positioned to manage this tightness that could occur in late 2023 or early 2024 with Permian takeaway?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, Arun, this is Jeff again. And you'll remember some of this from a few years ago, the last time we had tightness in the Permian Basin how we're set up and how we've managed it. We've also, subsequent to WPX merger, it's accrued to Devon's benefit the position that they had in place, the legacy position that they had in the place in the Permian. So today, where we sit is we have firm takeaway from the basin for our gas for the majority of the gas production that we have in basin. With the remainder that stays in basin, you'll recall, Arun, we do term sales for the large part with pretty large counterparties, which also have firm takeaway from the basin. So that combined, we feel really good about our ability to move the molecules out of the basin and don't foresee any issues with getting backed up and shutting in wells. I'll add to that, we're also evaluating the participation in a couple of the new projects that have been discussed. And as you're well aware, could probably come online in that '23, '24 time frame. So feel really good about being able to move the molecules and get them taken away from the basin. And then beyond just the takeaway, what I would highlight is, obviously, we do have some price exposure in basin for the sales that we do. And in that case, we've utilized basis swaps on just over 50% of our volumes there to help us manage that price exposure. So, our marketing team has done a great job kind of setting us up, making sure that we have the ability to move the molecules and then going even a step further and helping us mitigate the price pressure we're likely to see as it's going to be volatile as the market kind of evolves over the next couple of years.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Ritenour: You bet.
Operator: The next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. And let me first by saying, Rick, congratulations on an unbelievable 2021 being the best performer in the S&P is no joke, so well done.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Look, my first question is about growth in the Permian. And as one of the leaders in the region, we love your perspective, are you seeing any warning signs of US growth accelerating prematurely as we still haven't gotten clarity around Iran, or do you think the discipline is holding? And are you not concerned about growth in the Permian relative to the global oil market? And what would it take for Devon to change its own strategy around prioritizing free cash flow over growth?
Rick Muncrief: Yes, Arun -- yes, Neil, sorry, that's a good question. When I think about the -- when I think about the Permian, you are seeing continued growth there. I think most of the growth right now has been driven by many of the private operators. And recently, you saw Exxon and Chevron talk about ramping some volumes up. I believe they're probably going to be working down their DUC inventory to some degree. But they've not invested as much as they traditionally had out over the two or three prior years. So, I do think you're going to continue to see growth in the Permian. I don't think it's unhealthy. I don't think it's out of -- it probably is going to be the only place in the US you truly even see much growth, to be honest with you, is the way I think we're looking at it. As far as the lack of clarity around Iran, I think that's a good point you make. It's one of the reasons I believe that the market continues to be backward dated. If you look at the -- at the curve, it is such steep backwardation. And that's the thing that -- I'll just say, we really look at a lot is when you start thinking about activity down the road. So that's why we've been so focused on remaining very, very disciplined, keeping our budgeted volumes flat, operating in a maintenance capital standpoint. I think that's the right answer until we get some real clear indication that's otherwise. So Clay, you may add anything to that?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I appreciate that, Rick. What I was just going to add, remember that, we are growing in the Permian. At the same time, we're keeping our overall production flat. And I think it's kind of -- you have to watch the headlines and what's the overall trend. I believe that's the right mix for us with our assets, with our portfolio, specific to Permian growth because that's definitely the hot basin. That's where the marginal barrel comes from. There are natural governors. I'm speaking kind of from an operations point of view to prohibit unbridled growth. I think about the supply chain things that obviously peppered throughout my earlier comments, there's also the takeaway issues as Jeff was just talking about. There are some things that I think will keep that growth in-check. Now all that said, certainly, I would expect continued growth in the Permian to offset declines from the other areas. Overall, we believe -- we're staying with overall maintenance capital, we believe, is the right approach for our shareholders, for our organization, and it seems to be working quite well so far. Thanks Neil.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. And a follow-up is your perspective on the A&D markets. When the WPX transaction was consummated, oil prices were half of where they are right now. So Rick, I'd be curious on your perspective, if you see this more as a seller's market than a buyer's market until we get more commodity clarity?
Rick Muncrief: Well, that's always an interesting question. And today, once again, I'll go back to the curve. If you're a seller, I mean, you're wanting to sell at today's prices. If you're a buyer, you have to honor that curve. And that's -- it's kind of an interesting time. So that's why as we talked here among this management team and with our Board, we felt like the clear thing for us to do is to double down on our share repurchases as we think about assets that might be out in the market, gosh, we just don't see anything. It really competes with what we have. And so that's why we've doubled down on it. So I don't know how to answer that question, Neil. It's -- if you're a seller right now, it could be a nice time to be selling if you can find someone that will honor today's commodity price and are truly convinced that we're going to see crude continue to go up even further. There are people certainly predicting that, but that's not what the curve is illustrating today.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, Rick.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, still morning. Hi good morning everybody. I guess this is for Jeff probably. I want to ask you about the breakeven, Jeff. You're still showing a $30 price, but a $2.50 gas price. And, obviously, there is a cash tax evolution going on. So I wonder if you could walk us through how -- what's the evolution of the oil price breakeven? And to be clear, what I'm really driving at here is it seems to me that your gas price is probably a bit low, but your cash tax is helping you right now. Do those kind of offset each other as we go forward?
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, Doug, you're thinking about it right. Spot on. As, obviously, with the assumptions that we made in the breakeven that we disclosed in the deck, frankly, gas prices are higher than that today, and NGL prices are in that today. So I would tell you, when I do the back of the envelope math, set aside the cash taxes piece for a minute, we're actually frankly below that $30 level. And certainly, that's all pre-hedges, right? So you factor in hedges, you factor in a different price environment, that changes a little bit. But ballpark, we have a right around that $30 a barrel breakeven price. Your point on cash taxes is important going forward, and we disclosed that back in the fall, and reaffirmed our guidance for that for 2022 as it relates to the cash taxes. We think that the cash tax rate is probably going to be mid-single digits, somewhere 5%, 6%, 7%, depending on how prices shake out for the year. And that's on our business, that's, call it, $300 million to $400 million of cash taxes in the year. And so that again, when we produce 100 million barrels of oil, that adds a couple of dollars per barrel to that breakeven prices, as you alluded to.
Doug Leggate: So on a normalized basis, Jeff, I guess post-2022 I am assuming your NOLs are pretty much done. So -- that's what I was getting at was if we use, let's say, the forward strip for gas, does that offset the cash tax leaving you pretty much still around $30?
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, you bet. And so just to give you the full picture on the cash taxes and NOL you're spot on. We're -- we'll walk into this year with about $3.4 billion of NOLs available to us. We'll use up about, call it, two-thirds of that here in 2022, which is going to allow us to deliver that mid single-digit cash tax rate that I mentioned. Going forward, that will evolve as you would expect, presuming that prices obviously stay at this level or move higher, your total tax rate kind of flips and you'll probably become two-thirds of that will be cash taxes and then the remaining one-third will be your deferred tax piece. So somewhere in the ballpark of a cash tax rate of maybe 15% if you have kind of $80, $90 oil moving forward beyond 2022.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Thank you for the clarity. My follow-up is a quick one, hopefully. If I look at the strip, Jeff, it's also for you I’m afraid, even with the 50% variable after the base dividend increase, you still got an enormous amount of cash and you still -- you've dealt with your balance sheet. So why there are a lot concern or the lack of visibility on sustaining the buyback for an extended period beyond 2022? It seems you've got the capacity to do.
Jeff Ritenour: Well, I would -- we absolutely do. You're exactly right. And I would tell you our past behavior on this front is going to be a good indicator of what to expect from us in the future. We haven't been shy about altering the framework on a go-forward basis. As I mentioned earlier, I think you'll see more fixed dividend growth from us as the environment evolves, and we get more comfort with some of the uncertainties that Rick highlighted in his last commentary. And then beyond that, going back to our Board as we just did this lack order, for another reload on the share repurchase program. So I think you're going to see us continue to evolve the framework. I don't think you'll see us materially move the variable dividend threshold to kind of the 50% level. We think that, that's important to have that sense of clarity and transparency for our shareholders. But going forward, I think the fixed dividend can actually grow. And absolutely, the share repurchase is something that we'll continue to lean into. As we look at the share repo, we believe we continue to trade at a discount to the broader market, a discount to the historical multiples and the discount to our closest peers. So we're going to continue to be out there and be opportunistic about buying shares. And when we see the stock trade off on kind of an absolute and a relative basis, you should expect to see us enter the market and get after it.
Doug Leggate: Great stuff. Thanks fellows.
Operator: The next question is from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Jeff Ritenour: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Our questions are on the Delaware. Maybe the first one is on operational momentum. Can you just talk, Clay, maybe about how the oil production should trend throughout the year? We know that Q1, there is some weather in there, but we're particularly interested in kind of the momentum heading into year-end, given the potential for corporate growth in 2023?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Jeanine. Yes, certainly, we'll see a depressed first quarter and, I'll speak corporately first, we should see a nice uptick. We've got a pretty good slug of wells coming in at the end of the first quarter, really benefiting Q2. And then I think we'll see kind of more ratable production for the balance of the year. I think it's similar as we peel back in Delaware, when you think about that kind of shape of the curve. So there should probably be a similar shape of the curve in Delaware. Obviously, the number is a little different.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Maybe actually switching gears back to the balance sheet for a second here. So just to be clear, we wanted to tick on potential uses of cash in the future. So we just heard your commentary about potential to up the buyback if prices hold and things look good. That you don't necessarily want to revisit the 50% of free cash flow, but there's room for growth in the base dividend. When we look at the last source or use of cash, I guess that's the balance sheet. And so it seems to us like there's limited opportunity to reasonably call any debt early beyond what you've laid out in the slide for 2023. So we just wanted to check if there's any other debt reduction that you can reasonably do? We know that there's some pretty punitive make-whole premiums and stuff like that. And so we're just trying to figure out how much cash could potentially go towards the buyback and the dividend since you can't really do too much more on the debt side?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. You bet, Jeanine. No change to our game plan as it relates to our leverage position and the debt that we had outstanding. As you'll recall, what I walked through in the fall was that we've got about $400 million of callable debt at the end of this year, call it, October of this year. And then another just under $600 million of maturities plus a more callable debt that comes due in 2023. So our current base game plan is to take out that $1 billion of debt kind of on that timetable. And then as you move into 2024, there's another -- in 2025, there's another $500 million a year roughly. So over the next, call it, three to four years, we think we can take another, call it, $2 billion, $2.5 billion of absolute debt out. That's our current game plan. Obviously, depending on what rates do and how things shake out, we might alter that. But that's our current intention.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: You bet.
Operator: The next question is from Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Nitin Kumar: Hi. Good morning, Rick and congrats on another successful quarter. You've come a long way since the merger, as you said in your prepared remarks. But you're generating about $60 per barrel in free cash given your breakevens. You've talked about a market-leading yield for income investors, but imagine wellhead economics are pretty attractive at today's prices. So the question I have is, how committed are you to sub-5% oil growth if commodity prices stay at today's levels into 2023 and beyond? And maybe when do you think you have the license to grow again?
Rick Muncrief: Well, that's a good question. I think, Nitin, what I would just point to is, and I tried to articulate this pretty routinely is we do put a lot of -- we do put a lot of faith into the shape of the curve. And sometimes you can – you can debate where the absolute points on the curve are. But when you see such a steep backwardation and you start thinking about trying to add activity by the time you bring to barrels on, I mean, let's face it, it would -- it's going to be a while down the road. So we think, for us, the 5% that we laid out at the time of the – the announcement of the merger is still holds. That's the max. And we really -- to be honest with you, there's so much uncertainty probably as you look out in the outer years. I think for us, look, we'll stick to Nitin and maintain that max that 5% growth.
Nitin Kumar: Great. I think that's the answer most people want to hear.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. And Nitin, can I -- if I can, Nitin, let me just add one thing. I want to make sure that everyone on the call understands, we are growing. When you start talking about the free cash flow per share growth, we talked about 70% growth. And you just need to -- you think let that soak in for a few moments on of this year over next year. So, it's -- that's where we're going to focus on our growth, to be honest with you.
Nitin Kumar: Great. I guess my next question is really for Clay, but the Eastern Delaware assets, the PRB, you are some of the newer assets in your portfolio. It's an abundance of riches, but they're not getting us with capital right now. So I just to understand how do those assets fit into the broader inventory pile?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I'd tell you, those teams are doing some great things. We do have some capital allocated, some work. In fact, we have two rigs over in the Eastern Delaware right now, delineating a little bit more of that kind of eastern shelf play. The opportunity you point to the abundance of rigs is it just doesn't compete for the lion's share, the development, where we're really turning the crank to generate substantial returns. But we're realized. I mean we look down the curve and we say, okay, where do we need to invest those assessment dollars to further delineate? We're watching aggressively across the fence. The Powder River Basin that you brought up is a great example of that. There's some really exceptionally good companies investing real dollars in that. We're participating. We're watching. It's a very relatively small percentage of our overall capital budget. But is this -- as the prices continue to strengthen, all of this stuff lights up and is very productive, full cycle, very strong returns, and we'll compete for capital at some point in our portfolio. And so, I don't feel very rushed to push it out of our portfolio, if that was your question. I think there will be a great opportunity for the sun to shy on these assets in due time.
Nitin Kumar: Thanks. That’s helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Thank you. Two questions, please. The first one, I think, just for Jeff. This year that you hedge about 20% of the volume, a lot of those is legacy hedge, I think, from WPX. Going forward, with your balance sheet and with your cash flow model and operating model, is the 20% a reasonable level going forward that we should assume you guys are going to hedge or that's a fundamental change maybe after this negative hedges that you guys are no longer going to do hedges?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Yes, you bet. Great question. And I would tell you, really no material change to our philosophy from what we talked about on the last call back in the fall. Just to give you a little bit of a foundation for where we sit today, we're roughly about 25% hedged on oil and about 30%, 35% on gas. We think that's an appropriate level given our financial strength and the margin of safety that we have on -- with our low reinvestment rate of our kind of our base business model. So, you've heard me talk about that in the past. The thing that's fundamentally changed in our business versus two, three, four years ago is in the past, we were spending all of our cash flow in an attempt to grow at double-digit type rates, which was competitive with the broader sector. Today, with the lower reinvestment ratio and the steady state level of activity, it just creates a margin of safety for us in our business to where even if prices pull back, it doesn't alter our activity. So, you have heard me and Clay talked about it in the past, that's what really dilutes our returns is when we have to yank around our operating activity from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter, we try really hard not to do that. That's why we developed a steady state kind of maintenance capital level program. And it's really served us well. Obviously, the commodity prices that we're experiencing in today have been a nice tailwind as well. But as it relates to our hedging program, we feel like going forward, you'll see us hedge at this lower level, somewhere around the 30% level, whereas historically we might have been closer to 50% or north of that.
Paul Cheng: So you still be hedging, but not abandoning the hedges because one they are – 
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, absolutely. We -- yeah, you bet. So our executive team, along with our marketing group is responsible for executing the hedges for us. We meet every other week, and we debate what we're seeing in the market. We talk about not only the benchmark prices, but the prices that we're seeing in the individual basins as well. And we are actively monitoring that and evaluating whether or not we want to layer on additional hedges. And we do it in a variety of ways. Sometimes we use swaps. Here more recently, we've used pretty wide costless collars to help us mitigate that we see in the market.
Paul Cheng: All right. The same question is that, trying to go back into the Powder River Basin. Clay, seems that you guys merged and that, that is a new asset to you and maybe some of your team. So over the past 15 months or 18 months, what have you learned? And are we – are you guys going to take the process just met other people like Continental and maybe EOG going to, say, spend the money and then you just watch, or that you're going to take a more active role over the next – may not be this year, but over the next, say, two or three years, what's the approach that you guys are going to take here?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Paul, in my remarks, I talked a little bit about some of the work that we're doing, the excitement around pushing the laterals a little longer, kind of rebooting the completion design. And we have a couple of wells that came on last year were watching. And I can tell you, especially in today's strip, the returns are competitive. They make – the competitive returns on a full cycle basis, they look really nice. Now they're not competitive and amongst our full portfolio, but they yield positive returns. And so as we're able to continue that, we have a handful of wells. I believe half a dozen wells or so we'll be drilling this year, again, pushing the laterals out. Really, watching the productivity side, I'm less concerned at this point on trying to drive down the cost side of the equation, because we – I have full confidence once the team crosses that threshold that we could get to a development mode, those costs will come down. So really watching that productivity side, seeing how this – how these – how this reservoir really reacts. I'm speaking specifically around the Niobrara and somewhat the Mowry as well, where you see a lot of the upside potential. But don't expect us to divert a whole lot of capital toward that asset in the near-term. We are thrilled to see great companies like Continental and EOG and others continuing to invest and scale up activity. And that gives us really good confidence that we will be able to continue to learn even with a very moderate capital program.
Paul Cheng: Can you -- just curious that in Eagle Ford that you guys formed a joint venture and turned out to be extremely successful, and you have someone that to – helped you and maybe accelerate the development. In Powder River basin, does it make sense for you guys that are trying to do something like that, or that this is something that is such an early stage, you think you do really don't know what you have and you want to keep 100% until you know before you decide what to do?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Paul, I think our JV that we executed in the Mid-Con is a great example of how to find – how to allocate resource to a play that doesn't on a heads-up basis compete today for capital, but you know you need to get that machine running. And so I think, the Anadarko Basin is a great example of we needed to get money back to it. We brought in a partner, leverage that relationship, and we have significantly outperformed on the well cost. We've significantly outperformed on well productivity. And that asset continues to drive towards competitiveness on a heads-up basis. The returns, I can today in the strip environment, are outstanding on a heads-up basis. Powder is a little further earlier in the mature cycle, I would say, from being able to cycle through that. But when we get to a point where we can go to a third-party and say, here are the returns that we've exhibited on a routine basis, and there's need on that bone available for them to come in and lever, then we can take a leveraged approach just how we did in the Anadarko and scale that into something that really could compete on a heads-up basis. So that's certainly a possibility. We're not quite there yet, but certainly something in our frame of view that we would be excited to explore at the right time.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Portillo with TPH. Your line is open. 
Matthew Portillo: Good morning, all.
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Portillo: Just a quick question maybe for Clay. I know that this has been a big focus for the organization of blocking up and getting contiguous acreage in the Permian. I was curious how much additional room do you think there is to run with continuing to progress the lateral length? And what that might mean for the average lateral length in 2022 in the Permian, it continues to seemingly drive an improvement in capital efficiency here?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Matt, that's definitely a tool, when you're paying attention to average lateral length, you see the correlation between capital efficiency and lateral length. And that drives all the way through to the bottom-line return. So we're excited about longer laterals. We have a healthy dose of three-mile laterals in the mix for the Permian. But I would say, by far, most of our wells will be two-mile wells. The challenge there is when you set up the initial land development, a lot of times, it's -- you're kind of locked in. And so retooling a development that's partially developed from two to three is a pretty challenging opportunity. As we move into some of the other areas that either haven't been fully developed or we're continuing to work the land work, we will often see us push towards those three-mile laterals. We've built a lot of confidence in drilling those three-mile laterals. I just mentioned the Powder. We've done quite a few in the Williston and quite a few now in the Delaware. And as you pointed out, there's a whole lot of value-creation efficiency associated with that. We're not done. Our land team is added every single day. Those like-for-like trades are hugely mutually beneficial and there's still opportunities out there. We are working on several right now. Hope to talk more about in the coming quarters and just know every time we get one of those things done, that's more green lights for us to develop -- either develop on a two-mile or a three-mile. And then these price environments, to be honest, the returns kind of cap out and max out all the tools that we have on rate of return. So it's pretty awesome to watch. So a lot of good work going on there.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then my follow-up question just relates to the Dow JV. Just wanted to check in on where we are from a development perspective. I think the original deal was for 133 wells. So should we expect that, I guess, at the current pace to continue for the next few years? And then I guess with the strength in the commodity backdrop, do you see any further activity to either expand that existing JV or bring in new partners to continue to drive competitive rates of return with the Permian?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. So we're about 30% to date on the Dow deal. We're scaling up activity a little bit relative – in '21 relative to '22. So be most of the way through end of '22, probably have a tail in '23. I can tell you, it's one of those deals you love to see where we're thrilled with it. It's the right financial tool that we needed to apply to this great asset and Dow on the other side is thrilled as well. So I would say the door is wide open to expand the conversation. There's a lot more acreage. We've got a tremendous position. But we also have to look at it and say, okay, where does this become essentially a competitive heads-up project for us and when do we just fund it straight up. So anyway, it's a good problem to have. Really pleased with the team that work -- the business development team that put it together initially. This is just a real great success to model that where applicable. And maybe Powder is a place that could use this kind of opportunity in due time.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from John Freeman with Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Freeman: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. The first question I had, just a follow-up, Jeff, on what you were saying on the base of the fixed dividend. So just to be clear, the increase in that dividend was just a result of the payout ratio going higher and there was no change to mid-cycle pricing that, that was based on?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, that's correct. That's the way we've thought about it is worked through the cost structure, obviously, over the last several years. But particularly post merger, we step back and looked at our cost structure and what we thought was sustainable going forward based on our mid-cycle pricing, we decided it made sense to move that the fixed dividend higher based on that payout ratio that I talked about kind of roughly at 7.5%.
John Freeman: And Jeff, can you remind us of the mid-cycle price that you are using, is that still around like a $50 oil, $3 gas type level?
Jeff Ritenour: No, it's higher than that. We've been using kind of $60, $65 oil for that.
John Freeman: And the gas price, is that around $300, $250?
Jeff Ritenour: 3 -- Yes, exactly.
John Freeman: Okay. Great. And then just the last question for me. I realize that the full year '22 budget didn't change at all, but the one number that I don't think you'll have wouldn't have had completely dialed in at that point. You are sort of estimating was on the non-op side. I think you were sort of thinking as a placeholder, that would be $50 million to $100 million. I'm just curious kind of where that shook out given the big move in the commodity price in last spoke 3 months ago?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. What I would say on that is, remember, we have a deal in place to cap that the non-op exposure in the Permian. And so we're really only exposed in the other basins. And so, we feel like we're -- we have a pretty well under control. But clearly, as activity picks up, there's more pressure on that, and we'll figure out how we manage that during the course of the year.
John Freeman: Good job guys. Thanks. 
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we're at the end of our time slot today. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. And once again, thank you for your time, and have a good day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy 's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation to cover our results for the quarter and our forward-looking outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks. And these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO, Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer, and a few members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law.  These comments are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. Great to be here this morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today. Devon's third quarter results were outstanding. Once again, showcasing the power of our Delaware focused asset portfolio and the benefits of a financially driven business model. Our team's unwavering focus on operations excellence has established impressive momentum that has allowed us to capture efficiencies, accelerate free cash flow, reduce leverage, and return a market-leading amount of cash to shareholders. Simply put, we are delivering on exactly what our shareholder-friendly business model was designed for, and that is to lead the energy industry in capital discipline and cash returns.  Now, moving to Slide 4, while our strategy is a clear differentiator for Devon, the success of this approach is underpinned by our high-quality asset portfolio that is headlined by our world-class acreage position in the Delaware Basin. With this advantaged portfolio, we possess a multi-decade resource opportunity in the best position plays on the U.S. cost curve. And with this sustainable resource base, we are positioned to win multiple ways with our balanced commodity exposure. While our production is leveraged to oil, nearly half our volumes come from natural gas and NGLs, providing us with meaningful revenue exposure to each of these valuable products.  This balance and diversification are critically important to Devon's long-term success. As you can see on Slide 5, the strength of our operations and the financial benefits of our strategy were on full display with our third quarter results. This is evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments, including, we completed another batch of excellent wells in Delaware Basin that drove volumes 5% above our guidance. We maintained our capital allocation in a very disciplined way by limiting a reinvestment rates to only 30% of our cash flow.  We're continuing to capture synergies and drive per unit cost lower. We're also achieving a more than 8-fold increase in our free cash flow. We're increasing our fixed and variable dividend payout by 71%. We're improving our financial strength by reducing net debt 16% in the quarter. Overall, it was another tremendous quarter for Devon and now I especially want to congratulate our employees and our investors for these special results. Now moving to slide 6, while 2021 is wrapping up to be a great year for Devon, the investment thesis only gets stronger as I look ahead to next year. Although we're still working to finalize the details of our 2022 plan, I want to emphasize that our strategic framework remains unchanged and we will continue to prioritize free cash flow generation over the pursuit of volume growth.  As we have stated many times in the past, we have no intention of adding incremental barrels into the market until demand side fundamentals sustainably recover and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively absorbed by the world market. With this disciplined approach and to sustain our production profile in 2022, we are directionally planning on an upstream capital program in the range of $1.9 to $2.2 billion. Importantly, with our operating efficiency gains and improved economies of scale, we can fund this program at a WTI breakeven price of around $3. This low break-even funding level is a testament to the great work the team has done over the past few years to streamline our cost structure and optimize our capital efficiency. Being positioned as a low -- low-cost producer provides us with a wide margin of safety to continue to execute on all facets of our cash return model.  With our 2022 outlook, Devon will have one of the most advantaged cash flow growth outlooks and the industry, At today's prices, with a full benefit of the merger synergies and an improved hedge book, we're positioned for cash flow growth of more than 40% compared to 2021. As you can see on the graph, this strong outlook translates into a free cash flow yield of 18% at an $80 WTI price. The key takeaway here is that 2022 is shaping up to be an excellent year for Devon shareholders. Now jumping ahead to Slide 8, the top priority of our free cash flow is the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend. This unique dividend policy is specifically designed for our commodity driven business and provides us the flexibility to return more cash to shareholders than virtually any other opportunity in the markets today.  To demonstrate this point we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in 2022 based on our preliminary guidance. As you can see, Devon 's implied dividend is not only more than double that of the energy sector, but this yield is vastly superior to every sector in the S&P 500 Index. In fact, at today's pricing, Devon's yield is more than 7 times higher than the average Company that is represented in the S&P 500 Index. Now that's truly something to think about in the yield-starred world we currently live in. Moving on to Slide 9, with our improving free cash flow outlook and strong financial position, I'm excited to announce the next step in our cash return strategy with the authorization of $1 billion share repurchase program.  This program is equivalent to approximately 4% of Devon's current market capitalization and is authorized through year-end 2022. Jeff will cover this topic in greater detail later in the call. But this opportunistic buyback is a great complement to our dividend strategy and provides us with another capital allocation tool to enhance per results for shareholders. Now, skipping ahead to Slide 11, and to close out my prepared remarks, I want to summarize Devon 's unique investment proposition through 3 simple charts. Beginning on the far-left chart, our business is positioned to generate cash flow growth of more than 20 -- 40% in 2022, which is vastly superior to most other opportunities in the market.  As you can see in the middle chart, this strong growth translates into 18% free cash flow yield that will be deployed to dividends, buybacks, and the continued improvement of our balance sheet. And lastly, on the far-right chart, even with all these outstanding financial attributes, we would still trade at a very attractive valuation, especially compared to the broader market indices. We believe this to be another catalyst for our share price appreciation as more and more investors discovered Devon's unique investment proposition. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Clay to cover some of the great operational results we delivered in the third quarter, Clay.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick. Hey, good morning everybody. In summary, Devon's third quarter impressive results were the result of tremendous execution across nearly every aspect of our business. We had wins in environmental and safety performance, operational improvements, continued cultural alignment, strong well productivity, cost control, significant margin expansion, and ultimately excellent returns on the invested capital. This recurring trend of operational excellence, while managing significant organizational change and macro stress has now been established over multiple quarters and is a testament to the Devon employees, in strong leadership throughout the organization.  As I look forward to 22 and beyond, I believe we're positioned to continue delivering, but also takeout take our performance to an even higher level of cohesion and productivity. Providing the energy to fuel today's modern world is critically important work. I'm very proud of what we do and how we do it. As I look forward to Devon's near and long-term goals, I'm confident in our ability to deliver on society's ever-increasing expectations. Let's turn to Slide 13 and we can dig into the Delaware Basin. Devon's operational performance in the quarter was once again driven by our world-class Delaware Basin assets, where roughly 80% of our capital was deployed.  With this capital investment, we continue to maintain steady activity levels by running 13 operated rigs and 4 frac crews, bringing on 52 wells during the quarter. As you can see in the bottom left of this slide, this focused development program translated into another quarter of robust volume growth and our continued cost performance allowed us to capture the full impact of the higher commodity prices. Turning your attention to the map on the right side. Our well productivity across the base and continued to be outstanding in the quarter. With the results headlined by our boundary radar project, Some may recall that this is not the first time we've delivered on impressive results from this well pad. Back in 2018, our original boundary raider project developed a package of Bone Spring wells that set a record for the highest rate wells ever brought online in the Delaware Basin. Fast-forward to today, this edition of the boundary radar went further down hole to develop an over-pressured section in the Upper Wolf camp. This project also delivered exceptionally high rates with our best well delivering initial 30-day production rates of 7,300 BOE per day, of which more than that -- more than 60% of that was oil. I call that pretty good for a secondary target. Moving a bit east into Leake County, another result for this quarter was our Cobra project, where the team executed on a 3-mile Wolf camp development.  This part outperformed our pre -drill expectations by more than 10% with the top well achieving 30-day rates as high as 6,300 BOE per day. In addition to the strong flow rates, this activity helped us prove the economics of the Wolf camp inventory in the area, further deepening the resource rich opportunity we hold in the Delaware. Turning to Slide 14. With the strong operating results we delivered this quarter, high-margin oil production in the Delaware Basin, continuing to expand and rapidly advance growing 39% year-over-year. Importantly, the returns on invested capital to deliver this growth, were some of the highest I've seen in my career, bolstered by rising strip prices and the capital efficiency improvements we've delivered this year.  These efficiencies are evidenced on the right-hand chart, where our average D&C cost improved to $554 per lateral foot in the third quarter, a decrease of 41% from just a few years ago. While we have likely found the bottom of this cycle earlier this year, the team continues to make operational breakthroughs that have thus far fought back most of the inflationary pressure. We continue to win from a fresh perspective, blending teams, and also still relatively, we're still working to know each other pretty early on. These accomplishments are clearly demonstrated in the great work our team has done to drive improvements across the entire planning and execution of our resource.  To maintain this high level of performance into 2022, we are focused on staying out ahead of the inflationary pressures that are impacting not just our industry, but all aspects of the broader society. While our consistency and scale on Delaware are huge advantage, the supply chain team is working hard to anticipate issues, mitigate bottlenecks, and work with the asset teams to adjust plans to optimize our cost structure and future capital activity. Turning to Slide 15, another asset I'd like to put in the spotlight today is our position in the Anadarko Basin where we have a concentrated 300,000 net acre position and liquids-rich window of the play. As you may know, Rick and I both have a historical tie to this basin, and we're thrilled to get to see the great work that our teams are doing to unlock this value for investors.  A key objective for us this year in the Anadarko Basin is to reestablish operational continuity by leveraging the drilling carry from our joint venture agreement with Dow. By way of background, in late 2019, we formed a partnership with Dow and a promoted deal, where Dow earns half of our our interest on a 133 undrilled locations in exchange for $100 million drilling carry. With the benefits of this drilling carry, we're drilling around 30 wells this year and our initial wells from this activity were brought on during the quarter. The 4-well Miller project is an up spaced Woodford development in Canadian County and is off to a great start with both DNC costs and well productivity outperforming pre -drill expectations. Initial 30-day rates averaged 2700 BOE per day and completed well cost came in under budget at around $8 million per well.  While I'm proud of how well the team hit the ground running as we get our processes lined out and efficiencies dialed in, I foresee material improvements and well costs ahead. The leverage returns from this carried activity will compete effectively for capital with any asset in our portfolio. In fact the strength of natural gas and NGL pricing, the performance we're seeing in the Anadarko Basin will likely command relatively more capital than it did in '21. Moving to slide 16, while the Delaware Basin is clearly the growth engine of our Company, and we're excited about the upside for the Anadarko. We also have several high-quality assets in the oil fairway of the use that generate substantial free cash flow.  While these assets don't typically grab the headlines, their strong performance is essential to the continued success of our strategy. These teams are doing great work to improve our environmental footprint, drive the capital program, optimize base production, and keeping our cost structure low. As an example, Williston will generate over $700 million of 2021 free cash flow. Collectively, these assets are on pace to generate nearly $1.5 billion of free cash flow this year. Lastly, on Slide 17, with our diversified portfolio concentrated in the very best U.S. resource place, we have a deep inventory of opportunities that underpin the long-term sustainability of our business model.  As you may have heard me talk about in prior quarters, we have a brutal capital allocation process in regards to the competitiveness of how we seek the best investment mix for the Company. The first step of this process is to make sure that all the teams are working from the same assumptions and inputs. Since the close of our merger earlier this year, we have undertaken a very disciplined and rigorous approach to characterize risk, force rank, the opportunity set across our portfolio. This inventory disclosure is the result of that detailed subsurface work and evaluation across our portfolio that we converted into a single consolidated platform to ensure consistency.  Turning your attention to the middle bar on the chart. At our pace of activity, we possess more than a decade of low risk and high return inventory of what we believe to be in a mid cycle price deck. As you would expect, about 70% of our inventory resides in the Delaware Basin, providing the depth of inventory to sustain our strong capital efficiency for many years to come. Let me be clear. In this exercise, we are focused on compiling a very important slice of our total inventory. This summary is not meant to convey the full extent of the possible with these incredible resources. These are only operated essentially all along lateral up spaced wells that deliver competitive returns in a $55 oil environment. Moving to the bar on the far right of the chart. We also expect inventory depth to continue to expand as we capture additional efficiencies, optimize spacing, and further delineate the rich geologic columns across our acreage footprint.  Expect -- we expect a significant portion of the upside opportunities to convert into our de -risk inventory over time. Examples this upside include the massive resource potential in the Lower Wolf camp intervals, continual appraisal success in the Powder River Basin, and the significant liquids-rich opportunity we possess in the Anadarko Basin. The bottom line here is that we have an abundance of high economic opportunity to not only sustain, but grow our cash flow per share for many years to come. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'd like to spend my time today discussing the substantial progress we've made advancing our financial strategy and highlight the next steps we plan to take to increase cash returns to shareholders. A good place to start is with a review of Devon's financial performance in the third quarter, were Devon's earnings and cash flow per share growth rapidly expanded and comfortably exceeded consensus estimates. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $1.6 billion, an impressive increase of 46% compared to last quarter. This level of cash flow generation comfortably funded our capital spending requirements and generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter.  This result represents the highest amount of free cash flow generation Devon has ever delivered in a single quarter and is a powerful example of the financial results our cash return business model can deliver. Turning your attention to Slide 7, with this significant stream of free cash flow, a differentiating component of our financial strategy is our ability and willingness to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. This dividend strategy has been uniquely designed to provide us the flexibility to optimize the return of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions through the cycle. Under our framework, we pay a fixed dividend every quarter and evaluate a variable distribution of up to 50% of the remaining free cash flow.  With a strong financial results, we delivered this Quarter, the board approved a 71% increase in our dividend payout versus last Quarter to $0.84 per share. This is the fourth quarter in a row, we have increased the dividend and is by far the highest quarterly dividend payout in Devon's 50-year history. As you can see on the bar chart to the left at current market prices, we expect our dividend growth story to only strengthen in 2022. In fact that today's pricing we are on pace to nearly double dividend next year. Moving to Slide 10, in addition to higher dividends, we've also returned value to shareholders through our efforts to reduce debt and improve our Balance Sheet.  So far this year, we've made significant progress towards this initiative by retiring over $1.2 billion of outstanding notes. In conjunction with this absolute debt reduction, we've also added to our liquidity building a $2.3 billion cash balance at quarter end. With this substantial cash build and reduction in debt, we've reached our net debt to EBITDA leverage target of 1 ton or less. Even with this advantaged balance sheet, we're not done making improvements. We have identified additional opportunities to improve our financial strength by retiring approximately $1.0 billion of premium -- low premium debt in 2022 and 2023. Importantly, Devon has the flexibility to execute on this debt reduction with cash already accumulated on the balance sheet.  And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I'd like to provide some thoughts on the $1 billion share repurchase program we announced last night. While the top priority for free cash flow remains the funding of our market-leading dividend yield, we believe this buyback authorization provides us another excellent capital allocation tool to enhance per-share results for shareholders. Given the cyclical nature of our business, we'll be very disciplined with this authorization, only transacting when our equity trades at a discounted valuation to historical multiples and the multiple levels of our highest quality peers. We believe the double-digit free cash flow yield our equity delivers, as outlined on Slide 6, represents a unique buying opportunity.  The reduction in outstanding shares further improves our impressive cash flow per share growth and adds to the variable dividend per share for our shareholders. With this -- with these disciplined criteria guiding our decision-making, we'll look to opportunistically repurchase our equity in the open market once our corporate blackout expires later this week. So in summary, our financial strategy is working well. We have excellent liquidity and our business is generating substantial free cash flow. We're positioned to significantly grow our dividend payout over the next year. The go-forward business will have an all-Ultra low leverage ratio of a turnover less. And we'll look to boost per-share results by opportunistically repurchasing our shares. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. In closing today, I'd like to highlight a few things. Number 1. Devon is meeting the demands of investors with our capital discipline, earnings and cash flow growth, market leading dividend payout, debt reduction, and now a share buyback program, Number 2. Devon is also meeting the demands of the market with our strong oil production results, great exposure to natural gas and NGLs along with our consistent execution, and Number 3. Lastly, Devon is also meeting the demands of society by providing a reliable energy before the pandemic, during the pandemic, and as we emerge from the pandemic.  Our people throughout the 5 states where we operate continue to show up for work and worked safely. We didn't overreact with our capital program during the pandemic like many others did. We actually strengthened the Company with a merger. And finally, we're laser-focused on achieving our stated short-term, mid-term, and long-term ESG targets. We're proud of the work we've done and look forward to continuing meeting the needs of investors, the market, and society for the foreseeable future. Devon is a premier energy Company and we're excited about the value we'll consistently provide to all of our important stakeholders. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that Operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning team. Rick, I wanted to maybe start off talking about the inventory depths slide that you put out 11-plus years of low-risk development opportunities, 70% in the Delaware Basin. We have seen a couple of large Permian Basin trades with Conoco and Pioneer earlier this year. So I wanted to get your thoughts on how you're thinking about portfolio renewal just given that inventory depth. And perhaps Clay could also comment on the ability of -- to de -risking the wells in that 2,500 well bucket, including that deeper Wolf camp zone.
Rick Muncrief: It's a great question, Arun. And I'll have Clay weigh in and provide some more details. The way we're looking at it is, number 1, as Clay talked about, we did a very comprehensive deep dive. We -- and once again, these numbers are strictly operated, so we have non-operated projects out there that are not in this scale. We wanted to make it really clear that these are operated. We're working to control the drilling completion activities. We also contemplated many of the sections that have been setup as 1-mile laterals are now 2-mile laterals with some of the acreage consolidations that we've seen. And in some cases, where you've got the federal units, especially on the New Mexico side, we've seen now the opportunities to drill more and more of the 3-mile laterals.  And you saw the results we just put up, not only this past quarter, but over the last year or so. So really, really attractive opportunities. I think there's going to continue to be opportunities for us to replenish our inventory there. And one of this, you mentioned a couple of transactions that have taken place in the broader Permian, but specifically in the Delaware side you laid out the Conoco's purchase of the share, because I can tell you Arun that we operate wells that are the Shell ahead, non-operated interest in. We have opportunity to do a lot more trading, and I think optimizing our portfolio. That's the first thing I'll add to and I think that's going to even further optimize the returns we get. And then, there are going to be other small opportunities out there.  We really focused on bolt-on type of things that really make industrial, make a lot of sense from an industrial perspective. And so I think you'll continue to see that. I'll also just way in The last two days, we've had an internal tech conference. And when I look at the unbelievable technology that's being employed by Devon today is we find more and more opportunities within the acreage we're already operating. I got really excited, and I think the entire organization is excited about what the future looks like. Those are a couple of ideas that we have. And I'm confident that our team will continue to keep a long runway of inventory opportunities up front. Clay, you may might want to add to that.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Rick. I'll just reiterate a couple of your points. Number 1, Arun, as you well know, we're always trying to drill our best well next. And it's amazing to me, as long as we've all been in this business, today we're drilling the best wells we've ever drilled. And it's not because we saved them until today. It's because our teams have continued to innovate, get better. How do we get on the efficiency side? How do we figure out how to wring out the most optimal amount of resource from these incredible plays? How do we understand the plays? What Rick was just talking about, some of the technology we are involving today is absolutely outstanding. Second tip of the hat I'd like to provide is to the land team, and Rick mentioned this, but the incredible work that's been done in trading around our core areas just makes us all better.  Both parties typically in a trade, we're like-for-like exchanging, at the same time we're extending laterals, we're building efficiencies in a ground floor level. And that just makes us better. And so those things will continue. Specific to your comment on moving some of the de -risked -- excuse me, the upside inventory to the de -risked inventory. Absolutely, that'll happen. The luxury that we have today is because we have so much quality out in front of us we don't have to different -- don't have to invest significant amount into that de -risking program. So we could accelerate it faster, but we're going to be very measured about this.  By far most of our investment is just plowing the ground, driving down costs, getting exceptionally efficient, and just wringing out that free cash flow machine that we talk about strategically. So that will have hydrea confidence that 2500 wells. And by the way, it's a whole lot more than 2500, we'll eventually roll into the de -risk bucket. And it's not too much of a stretch to say when we drill those, some of those will be the best wells that we've ever drilled, even 5 and 10 years from now.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks for that and my follow-up is for Jeff. I wonder if you could just maybe provide a little bit more color on how management, the board, is thinking about the buyback. Jeff, you mentioned that maybe post the blackout in a couple of days you would opportunity mystically look to be back up. Perhaps using the buyback authorization, but I wanted to get a sense of maybe you could better define this sense of opportunistic nature of the buyback and thoughts on, do you think you'd get a billion dollars done by year-end 2022?
Jeff Ritenour: Absolutely, Arun. Where we sit today, and we look at -- again, I'll point you back to Slide 6, which was in our deck. If you look at picture price deck, with a 15% to 20% free cash flow yield, we think an investment in Devon stock is an absolute no - brainer where we sit today. You compare that to the multiples we're trading at relative to our highest quality peers, probably, again, 1/2 ton to a ton below those folks. I think it was a pretty easy decision for our Board to go ahead and approve the billion-dollar share repurchase.  And so as I made comments in our open, once we get to the blackout here at the end of this week, we expect to jump into the market and really get after it. So we're excited about the investment opportunity that we have married with the fixed and variable dividend framework. Just to be candid, there just isn't anybody else in our sector that's providing this cash returns to our shareholders.
Arun Jayaram: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. And nice quarter here. I want to start off on the NGL side of the equation because it doesn't get enough attention in your portfolio. But it's been a hidden driver of a lot of cash flow generation. Can you just remind us how that business is set up here as you think about fourth quarter into 2022, obviously, Anadarko is a little bit more liquids-rich. And how that changes, where that asset in particular competes within the portfolio.
Jeff Ritenour: Neil, it's a great question. We appreciate you making the point for us, because, again, it's been a real high point for us throughout this year, obviously, with the tailwind that we've seen on NGL prices. Just to remind folks, in 2021, we're producing over 130,000 barrels a day of NGL. And I would expect you moving into 2022, you'll see that grow a bit moving forward. so it's been a really nice tailwind for us. And as you point out, it's not an insignificant portion of the cash flow that we're delivering, and the free cash flow that we're delivering this year and expect that to grow moving into 2022.
Rick Muncrief: Really, I'd expand on that a little bit. And Neil, you have certainly -- you and your firm have your own view, but ours is that we're pretty constructive on NGL pricing as the worldwide economy just continued to get stronger and stronger. And so I think a point has been made. It's a real nice position to be in when you can see these kind of volumes be put up and helps -- helps with cash flow in a big way.
Neil Mehta: I agree with that point. And then the follow-up is just when do you think about moving outside at this maintenance mode type of program that the business model that's been set up here [Indiscernible] generate a lot of free cash and return that capital to shareholders. But when do you think it makes us actually pursue a modest degree of growth? Or -- and what are the signals that you're looking for whether it's demand signals, OPEC spare capacity to make that call?
Rick Muncrief: I think -- the way we're looking at it, Neil, is we're really focused, and we said in our remarks, on the cash flow per share growth. And it's -- when you start looking at 40% cash flow growth in '22/'21, just keeping your volumes flat, absolute volume growth really didn't have a -- we just need to -- we need to make sure that, as we said, the OPEC+ barrels are back in the market and we'll watch things. We'll be thoughtful. But if you think about our retiring or repurchasing actually 4% of your shares, you are going to get some per-share production growth. I think for most of the investors that we talk to, that's plenty good for them and that's how we're thinking about it.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Hey, good morning, everybody. Had some phone line issues this morning, so I just want to check if you can all hear me okay.
Rick Muncrief: We sure can.
Doug Leggate: Excellent. Well, thanks Rick for the presentation. I got a couple of questions, I guess the first one is on the break-even. I just want to make sure I'm reading this right. So you're $30 sustaining capital break-even is using 250 gas, which is obviously quite a bit below where the strip is right now. So given your comments about your gas exposure, if you use current strip, do you think your sustainable breakeven is and if I may tie go and maybe to that, what is the embedded cash tax assumption and not break even?
Jeff Ritenour: Just -- I frankly haven't done the math to give you an exact number, but it's certainly lower, and I would guess somewhere in the mid 20s would be the breakeven using the current strip of the, call it $3 to $4 on gas prices and then NGLS as well.
Doug Leggate: And on the tax price, Jeff?
Jeff Ritenour: On a cash tax basis, you'll see we noted that on -- again on Slide 6 in our presentation. Where things sit today and where commodity prices sit, we'll have to see how the rest of this year shakes out to give you an exact answer on where our NOL balance will land. But generally speaking, we think it's going to be around $3 billion that will carry forward into 2022. On top of that, we will have some foreign tax credits, which will also help us shield some of our income in next year. So again, depending on where commodity prices shake out, we'll be in a pretty good position to shield a fair amount of that taxable income. However, we're guessing it's going to be somewhere in the mid-single-digits will be our current tax rate as we move into 2022. And that's what we've assumed in the forecast that we've outlined on that Slide 6 that I referenced earlier.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thanks for that. My follow-up is -- first of all, Rick, I'm delighted to see the buyback introduced and we'll see how that plays out. But I guess the question I have is your variable dividend is a big k not in the context of the total cash return. But I think you know my view on this, which is that it's somewhat backward looking. I don't think the market necessarily gives you a discounted move-forward variable dividend as something that they are prepared to recognize. So buybacks are more permanent, it buys you growth per share. How should we expect the split between the two to evolve over time?
Rick Muncrief: Well, I think the way we are looking at Neil the variable dividend concept, this is -- I guess, here in December will be the fourth quarterly distribution. So it's I'd say it's still relatively new. It's being very, very well-received, we think is very prudent. We agreed your comments on the share repurchase those those -- are permanent and meaningful. But I think with the variable dividend, we've had a lot of the discussion. Some, people have really asked us about, are we, wanting to bump that up to say a 75% threshold or something, that I think for us, we think the 50% is a very prudent level and see how this plays out.  We talked the base dividend, there's variable dividend, now the share repurchases and then as Jeff talked about the debt reduction, those all add up to a very, very compelling story for shareholders, something that we really don't feel good about. So I think that, we'll see how the share repurchase program goes. I think a question will be down to -- this question you're asking, give us a few months, give us a few quarters and let's see how things -- how things play out, and what really makes sense. But that's really how we're looking at. I think a balance approach is pretty hard to compete with. Jeff you may have some additional point here.
Jeff Ritenour: I would reiterate that last point, Doug, which is we feel like we're delivering all of the above. So whatever your favorite mechanism for cash returns, an investment in Devon is delivering that. As Rick mentioned, as we move into next year, we settle out to the budget, figure out down to the line item how we think the business is going to perform. My guess is we're going to have opportunities to even build further on this framework with the potential to raise the fixed dividend on a go-forward basis. And then we'll reevaluate other additions to the framework as we move through the year and see cash build.
Doug Leggate: Guys, let me instead close out with a comment because you've led the market on this. You've been early to it, and I think you're really changing the perception of what the [indiscernible] business model can look like. So congratulations on that. Thanks.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Doug. I appreciate it
Rick Muncrief: I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Rick Muncrief: Absolutely. Good morning, Jeanine, and thanks for sending the picture. Congratulations on the young one.
Jeanine Wai: Thank you. She's adorable. And thanks for looking. Maybe just following up on Arun and Doug's questions on the buyback. Can you just address how you specifically determine the size and the timeframe of the authorization? should we think about you revisiting either the buyback or the percent variable payout ones. Kind of get through a good portion of that billion-dollar gross debt reduction, or are those decisions independent? I know you just mentioned that the 50% is prudent at this time. You have to see how the business performs and it sounds like maybe in a couple of Quarters you might revisit that, but just maybe dig in a little bit deeper on that, on how it relates to the debt reduction.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, that's right Jeanine, appreciate the question. We -- as I mentioned just on the last question, I think that the first thing we'll probably look to add onto our framework would be a potential rays of the fixed dividend. But absolutely we're going to reconsider as we work our way through next year, should we up size the share repurchase program beyond a billion-dollars. If we get to the end of the year and our cash build exceeds our expectations, I think you could consider a special dividend and then certainly we would reevaluate the 50% threshold on the variable dividend.  However, I would just point out, we think there's real value and consistency of maintaining that framework. And so I think, generally, you'll see us work around the edges in some of these other items that we've talked about. But those are all things that we'll debate with the Board as we work our way through the year. To your question about how we determine size, really, it was just a function of looking forward with our projections using what we think is a rational price deck, a normalized price deck, and $1 billion felt like a fair amount. But again, as I mentioned earlier, we'll reevaluate that as we work our way through it and see how it performs, and certainly, we'll have the potential to up size that with the Board.
Jeanine Wai: Sounds great. Maybe my second question is on the '22 budget. So we know there's a few moving pieces in the midstream side and the other buckets as well. Are there any opportunities that you can walk us through on the midstream and the other bucket side and how those should trend year-over-year now that the integration of WPX is complete? And I think on the upstream side, $1.9 to $2.2 billion forecast, is there anything else there other than inflation that is driving the range, for example, anything on efficiencies or anything macro-related?
Clay Gaspar: Hey, Jeanine. Thanks for the question. It's Clay. Yeah, I would say on the E&P parts specifically, we all -- we love that our team continues to be more efficient. There's always that hope in that opportunity ahead. I can tell you we've got some pretty good headwinds coming toward us as an industry inflationary-wise. So will we be able to fully offset inflation, in this case we have not assumed that we would. We've baked in something north of 10%, call it 10% to 15%, inflation into our E&P operations. And then the above -- the other items, midstream, the other spend, some of the corporate capital and the ESG spend. That's something that we're probably going to lean into a little harder this year in the range you could probably say about $200 million, which would probably be a high watermark.  I don't expect this every year, but I think there is some opportunities for us to really take some significant steps to build out a little bit ahead, make sure that we are being a little bit more forward thinking on some of our infrastructure, and that will allow us to run our operations smoother, including important factors like environmental. So I think this gives you an idea of what we're thinking about. And of course, we'll continue to refine this as we seek board approval, and next visit with you guys we'll give -- offer more details.
Jeanine Wai: Thank you very much.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Freeman with Raymond James.
John Freeman: Good morning, guys.
Rick Muncrief: Hey, John.
John Freeman: Just kind of a follow-up on Jeanine's question. So you have mentioned that the drilling efficiencies that you all done a remarkable job on that have compressed to cycle times, has been pulling forward activity. I'm curious on the 2022 preliminary plan. Does that assume that you all have a static rig and frac crews relative to the 16 rigs frac crews you have currently or does that assume potentially doing doing more with less next year?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, I would say, John, it's directionally the same. We consider it flat activity. You know how it works, we'll -- depending on working interest, other factors, rigs will come and go. We're always upgrading fleets, contract rolls off, contract rolls on. But -- and directionally, we are flat and consistent in our operations. And I can tell you it's part of our inflationary hedge, is that consistency. As we look to our suppliers and try and get goal alignment with these important partners. I can tell you what they want to know is that we're going to be very consistent in our operations. Through the fourth quarter of this year, we're not abnormally dropping rigs and trying to monkey with the system, and then as we roll into next year. And so I think that level of consistency helps tremendously internally and externally as well.
John Freeman: Great. And just my follow-up question, the terrific results on the boundary radar project and just I guess any additional color there in terms of repeatability and running around that area, any sort of rate through than anything you did on the completion design or anything else that you might be able to take to some of the other area?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah John, I think it's -- we're at the point of evolution where it's a million small things. And so I think every new pad that we drill, we're continuing to improve. We're shaving minutes and we're shaving just the small-single percentage increases on all of these efficiency gains, really continue to add up. I think in this particular case, we were sitting on top some amazing geology, that certainly helps in this business. But I think -- I look across the board, and you're right. I see the efficiency gains. Some of the capital that we saw in the third quarter.  And as we roll into fourth quarter, that is -- there's some efficiency being baked in from the drilling and from the completion side that as you know starts stacking capital up a little bit. We've considered that as we look ed at 2022. We haven't built additional efficiency gains into 2022. And as I mentioned on a previous question, we've actually acknowledged some pretty significant exposure for inflation. I think that's a prudent step to take.
John Freeman: Thanks. Appreciate. Congratulations on a nice quarter.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning guys. I don't want to [indiscernible] but the shareholder [indiscernible]?return?, obviously, is the topic that is there these days and Rick, I remember meeting up with you several months ago early on and your comment at that time this is I think maybe even up to just the one variable dividend that you thought maybe you weren't being properly [indiscernible] on. I'm just wondering, as you said now with several under your belt, I think you've all been properly compensated for these and if not, would you consider lowering the formula or doing something different on the go-forward?
Rick Muncrief: Neil, I think we have been rewarded to a degree, I think. But, if you'd asked Scott Coody, the number of phone calls, inbound phone calls that he's getting from more and more generalist investors and people quite honestly, he's never talk to or even heard of, that's extremely encouraging. So I think we have started to see the tip of the iceberg on our recognition, the appreciation of how, what a strong tool is, variable dividend is. So yes, I think if you go back to our conversation we had several months ago, I think it was still just a little bit of a wait-and-see and we talked, I think at that time about, Interestingly enough, if you're just a yield investor, you're out mining for yield and comparing opportunities.  If you look at Bloomberg, Facet, places like that, it just picks up that fixed dividend and it doesn't always contemplate the variables or specials and those sorts of things. I think it's a little bit of a wait-and-see mode now. You fast forward to who we are today and I think we have seen some recognition of that, the feedback we get from our shareholders. We've seen the shareholder base actually change a fair amount. I think the calls we're getting would probably illustrate that, yeah, we're starting to get some get some recognition of the power of that -- the variable dividend. And certainly, I think when people open the envelope here at the end of the year on this $0.84 per share dividend, that's a nice one. So I think is going to continue to be very much appreciated. And so -- tip of the iceberg though.
Neal Dingmann: No, I agree. It's good to hear because you guys have certainly been a leader in all this. And then my follow-up is maybe for you or Clay. You can't help but notice when you guys start the presentation on the slides, on Slide 4, having 5 distinct great areas, and Clay mentioned how strictly they compete for capital. So with that said, would you consider on some of those areas that maybe won't make it in your vote to the top line, would you fund those, bring somebody else in as a partner, somebody else to fund those that way, or would you more likely think about letting some of those assets go?
Rick Muncrief: As we stated on several occasions, all 5 of our assets play a very key role in our going-forward strategy. You bring up something, could you bring in a partner? Yeah, absolutely. That's always something you can do. And the returns that they would get would be quite honestly phenomenal and the preference we would get would be phenomenal I think. So that's always an opportunity. We just wanted to do the right thing for the long-term success of the Company. I can tell you that we'll continue in all of our basins to find more and more creative ideas on the resource. This is the subsurface. So I think as we get into it, a little next year or 2, we'll always have those opportunities, and we'll evaluate them as they come along. But our phone does ring and so it is something that we contemplate on. Clay, you may want to comment on that.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Rick. And Neil you know as well, Right? We our business folks and we really look for value creation opportunities, and sometimes that comes in the name of buying assets or selling assets, or doing creative structures. All of that's always on the table. We have to be very creative. What I like, something we've highlighted this quarter is our joint venture with Dow. That's a perfect alignment. We had a resource that we knew was not going to compete on a heads-up basis. We also had a little bit of a stagnant time, so we knew that there could be a little bit of kind of startup friction. We brought in a partner. They love it.  It is a home run for Dow. It is a home run for us. And as we cycle through this, we're both winning and it's a great thing for the shareholders because ultimately that asset is being converted into value. So we love those kind of deals. Both legacy organizations have a very creative bend to them, and so I think that carries through to us going forward, so I look forward to more creative opportunities ahead.
Rick Muncrief: Neal, I'll add one more thing to that point that Clay just made. And I think that if you look at the legacy of Devon, it's the Company that people want to work with. And so case in point is Dow partnership, that's the second one. The first one was launched back in the Barnett days. So once you prove that you're a viable partner and that you can make people some money, they will come back. I'd like to add that.
Neal Dingmann: In great detail. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: Thanks and congrats on the quarter. I'm going to touch a little bit on 2020 to quickly here. But when you look at -- maybe can you -- give you -- if you can give us some perspective on how big than non-operated part of that budget is and obviously, outside of the Eagle Ford but in places like the Permian Basin and even Oklahoma, how much non-op spend do you have right now?
Clay Gaspar: So Scott speaking of partnerships, we have a partnership in the Delaware where we have a partner that we have prescribed agreement in place where we can offload some of the non-op, mainly because a non-op is very hard to budget for. And speaking from our own prior experience, when you bust the budget and it's on somebody else's fourth quarter activity, it can be a little bit frustrating. So again, we have a creative structure in place, very beneficial to us, very beneficial to our partner that acts as a little bit of a shock absorber. So as we think about opportunities in other areas, and as commodity price increases, and we see some non-op partners lean into it a little bit, we'll consider those options. But I think it's probably $50 to $100 million around the Company is probably in the right ballpark.
Scott Hanold: Got it. Makes quite a lot of sense. And obviously, you guys’ operational performance has been outstanding and it's just not the last quarter too, it's been for quite some time. And when you think about managing growth based on the oil macro right now, if you're in a position where you are outperforming next year, with a plan B to taper activity to stay within a flattish growth outlook, or would you drop Capex a little bit to stay flatter?
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, I hear you. And I -- that's always the challenge. As we do better, become more efficient, the acceleration causes us to push towards the high side of the capital range. It's what we're experiencing the third and fourth quarter of this year. I hope we have that same problem. What I'll tell you is we're going to really try hard to honor the high side of that range. And if necessary, then we would trim back on activity to make sure we stayed inside that range. It's not something we take lightly. Like I said earlier, this is very disruptive to internal and external operations.  And so we don't take that kind of operational scaling up and down lightly. I would tell you that it's something we plan to honor and to be very consistent in. And sometimes there's other creative ways to make sure that we still meet our capital guidance and continue the incredible consistency that we have rolling.
Scott Hanold: Got it. I appreciate that. And 1 really quick one for Jeff. Jeff, you mentioned the tax attributes of around $3 billion and that seems to hold off through 2022. Is it fair to assume at strip, like sometimes in mid-2023, a lot of that is utilized?
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, that's right. And just to be clear, in 2022, at the current strip prices, we would expect to pay some cash taxes and that's the assumptions we outlined on the slide deck. But certainly as you move into 2023, if we maintain this price level through this next year, you're absolutely going to be in a cash tax position and you'll see that current tax ratio move higher.
Scott Hanold: Okay. High-class problem. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Portillo with TPH
Matthew Portillo: Morning all. Maybe a question for Clay. Just on the PRB, was curious if you can give us an update on your learning, some of the delineation in the Niobrara, and what you would need to see from either a well productivity perspective or from a cost perspective to feed that asset more capital over the medium-term.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Matt. This is one of the areas it doesn't get a lot of spotlight. So one, I appreciate the question and being able to talk about it. This is a massive oil in place resource. There's no question. As we think about historical exploration, exploring is figuring out if there is oil in place. We're past exploration. Now it's figuring out, how do made -- how do we develop this in an economically competitive way in the portfolio that we have. And therein lies the challenge. the current delivery on economics doesn't compete in with the Delaware Basin. Obviously that is a tough portfolio to compete in.  So let's think about it. We've drilled a couple of 3-mile laterals that we brought on earlier this year. I can tell you they're -- they're really strong. We like the returns and they will compete their very strong economics. We've got a lot of repeatability on that. And so I look over to maybe how we did something with the Anadarko Basin. If it's not competing in our Basin, how do we creatively create value for shareholders for an asset that sits on our portfolio. And there's a number of ways to do that. Clearly, other industry peers are active in the Basin. We look to learn from them, we look to partner with them.  All of that's on the table. Certainly, bringing in outside funding is on the table. The homework that we need to do is continue to improve on the repeatability and the certainty of the outcome. And that allows us to negotiate the best opportunity for us to really wring out the value.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect and then, just maybe a follow-up question on assets specific capital allocation. You have some absolutely phenomenal results around the acreage in Lea and Eddy County, and then some of the State line acreage from WPX. Just curious how Felix stacks up today? What you learned from your updated development program there and how we should think about the return profile of that position in the Southern Delaware Basin versus your more northerly acreage.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Good question. As we draw the circles, we have some [indiscernible] development, that's in what we call the monument draw, which is mostly Felix. The [indiscernible] stuff was kind of in between state line and the eastern most side of the basin. That pad recently came on during the third quarter. Big development, I think 10 or 12 wells, outstanding results, so we're excited about that. Clearly as you move further east, things just get more challenging, the steering gets a little more difficult, the economics get a little bit more difficult and again, in this super competitive portfolio that we have, it's just the eastern most stuff is not commanding the most capital today. So as we look at the depth of inventory in Lea and Eddy, and really loving counties, that's where the lion's share of our capital activity will be.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you.
Scott Coody: Looks like we are at the end of our time slot today, we really appreciate everyone's interest in Devon and I know we didn't get to everyone in the queue today. So if you have any further follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and our forward-looking outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will contain plans, forecasts, estimates and forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. We sincerely appreciate everyone taking the time to join us this morning on the webcast. Devon's second quarter can best be defined as one of comprehensive execution across every element of our disciplined strategy that resulted in expanded margins, growth in free cash flow and the return of significant value to our shareholders through higher dividends and the reduction of debt. Following our transformative merger that closed earlier this year, I'm very pleased with the progress the team has made, and our second quarter results demonstrate the impressive momentum our business has quickly established. Even today, as we celebrate Devon's 50th anniversary as a company this year, we're only getting started, and our talented team is eager, energized and extremely motivated to win. As investors seek exposure to commodity-oriented names, it is important to recognize that Devon is a premier energy company and a must-own name in this space. We have the right mix of assets, proven management, financial strength and a shareholder-friendly business model designed to lead the energy industry in capital discipline and dividends. Now turning to Slide 4. The power of Devon's portfolio was showcased by our second quarter portfolio was showcased by our second quarter results as we continue to deliver on exactly what we promised to do both operationally and financially. Efficiencies drove capital spending 9% below guidance. Strong well productivity resulted in production volumes above our midpoint. The capture of merger-related synergies drove sharp declines in corporate cost. These efforts translated into a sixfold increase in free cash flow from just a quarter ago. And with this excess cash, we increased our dividend payout by 44% and we retired $710 million of low premium debt in the quarter. Now, Jeff will cover the return of capital to shareholders in more detail later, but investors should take note, this systematic return of value to the shareholders is a clear differentiator for Devon. Now moving to Slide 5. While I'm very pleased with the results our team had delivered year-to-date, the setup for the second half of the year is even better with our operations scale that generate increasing amounts of free cash flow. This improved outlook is summarized in a white box at the top left of this slide. With the trifecta of an improving production profile, lower capital and reduced corporate cost, Devon is positioned to deliver an annualized free cash flow yield in the second half of the year of approximately 20% at today's pricing. I believe it is of utmost importance to reiterate that even with this outstanding free cash flow outlook, there is no change to our capital plan this year. Turning your attention to Slide 7. Now with this powerful stream of free cash flow, our dividend policy provides us the flexibility to return even more cash to shareholders than any company in the entire S&P 500 Index. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our annualized dividend yield in the second half of 2021, assuming a 50% variable dividend payout. Now as you can see, Devon's implied dividend yield is not only best-in-class in the E&P space, but we also possess the top rank yield in the entire S&P 500 Index by a wide margin. In fact, at today's pricing, our yield is more than 7x higher than the average company that is represented in the S&P 500 Index. Furthermore, our dividend is comfortably funded within free cash flow and is accompanied by a strong balance sheet that is projected to have a leverage ratio of less than 1 turn by year-end. Investors need to take notice, Devon offers a truly unique investment opportunity for the near 0 interest rate world that we live in today. Now looking beyond Devon to the broader E&P space, I'm also encouraged this earnings season by the announcement from Pioneer on their variable dividend implementation as well as a growing number of other peers who have elected to prioritize higher dividend payouts. These disciplined actions will further enhance the investment thesis for our industry, paving the way for higher fund flows as investors rediscover the attractive value proposition of the E&Ps pace. Now moving to Slide 10. While the remainder of 2021 is going to be outstanding for Devon, simply put, the investment thesis only gets stronger as I look ahead to next year. We should have one of the most advantaged cash flow growth outlooks in the industry as we capture the full benefit of merger-related cost synergies, restructuring expenses roll off and our hedge book vastly improves. At today's prices, these structural tailwinds could result in more than $1 billion of incremental cash flow in 2022. To put it in perspective, this incremental cash flow would represent cash flow per share growth of more than 20% year-over-year, if you held all other constants -- all other factors constant. Now while it's still too early to provide formal production and capital targets for next year, there will be no shift to our strategy. We will continue to execute on our financially driven model that prioritizes free cash flow generation.  Given the transparent framework that underpins our capital allocation, our behavior will be very predictable as we continue to limit reinvestment rates and drive per share growth through margin expansion and cost reductions. We have no intention of adding incremental barrels into the market until demand side fundamentals sustainably recover and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively absorbed by the world markets. The bottom line is we are unwavering in our commitment to lead the industry with disciplined capital allocation and higher dividends. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Clay to cover some of the great operational results we delivered in the past quarter.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As Rick touched on from our operations perspective, Devon continues to deliver outstanding results. Our Q2 results demonstrate the impressive operational momentum we've established in our business, the power of Devon's asset portfolio and the quality of our people delivering these results. I want to pause and congratulate the entire Devon team for the impressive work overcoming the challenges of the pandemic and the merger while not only keeping the wheels on but re-questioning everything we do and ultimately building better processes along the way. We've come a long way on building the go-forward strategy, execution plan and culture, and I see many more significant wins on the path ahead. Turning your attention to Slide 12. My key message here is that we're well on our way to meeting all of our capital objectives for 2021. At the bottom left of this slide, you can see that my confidence in the '21 program is underpinned by our strong operational accomplishments in the second quarter. With activity focused on low-risk development, we delivered capital spending results that were 9% below plan, well productivity in the Delaware drove oil volumes above guidance and field level synergies improved operating costs. While the operating results year-to-date have been great, the remainder of the year looks equally strong, a true test of asset quality, execution and corporate cost structure proves out in sustainably low reinvestment rates, steady production and significant free cash flow. This is exactly what we're delivering at Devon. We plan to continue to operate 16 rigs for the balance of the year and deliver approximately 150 new wells to production in the second half of 2021. Now let's turn to Slide 13, where we can discuss our world-class Delaware Basin asset, which is the driving force behind Devon's operational performance. During the quarter, our capital program consisted of 13 operated rigs and 4 dedicated frac crews, resulting in 88 new wells that commenced first production. This level of capital activity was concentrated around the border of New Mexico and Texas and accounted for roughly 80% of our total company-wide capital investment in the quarter. As a result of this investment, Delaware Basin's high-margin oil production continue to rapidly advance, growing 22% on a year-over-year basis.  While we had great results across our acreage position, a top contributor to the strong volume were several large pads within our Stateline and Cotton Draw areas that accounted for more than 30 new wells in the quarter. This activity was weighted towards development work in the Upper Wolfcamp, but we also had success co-developing multiple targets in the Bone Spring within our Stateline area. The initial 30-day rates from activity at Stateline and Cotton Draw averaged north of 3,300 BOE per day, and recoveries are on track to exceed 1.5 million barrels of oil equivalent.  With drilling and completion costs coming in at nearly $1 million below predrill expectations, our rates of return at Cotton Draw and Stateline are projected to approach 200% at today's strip pricing. While we've all grown weary of quoted well returns, this is the best way that I can provide insight to you on what we're seeing in real time and what will be flowing through the cash flow statements in the coming quarters. While we lack precision in these early estimates, I can tell you, these are phenomenal investments and will yield significant value to the bottom line of Devon, and ultimately, to the shareholders through our cash return model. And lastly, on this slide, I want to cover the recent Bone Spring appraisal success that we had in the Potato Basin with our 3-well Yukon Gold project. Historically, we focused our efforts in the Wolfcamp formation in this region, and Yukon was our first operated test of the second Bone Spring interval in this area. Given the strong results from Yukon plus additional well control from non-operating activity, this will be a new landing zone that works its way into the Delaware Basin capital allocation mix going forward. This is another example of how the Delaware Basin continues to give. This new landing zone required no additional land investment, very little incremental infrastructure, and as a result, the well returns have a direct path to the bottom line of Devon. Moving to Slide 14. Another highlight associated with the Delaware Basin activity was the improvement in operational efficiencies and the margin expansion we delivered in the quarter. Beginning on the left-hand side, our D&C costs have improved to $543 per lateral foot in the quarter, a decline of more than 40% from just a few years ago. To deliver on this positive rate of change, the team achieved record-setting drill times in both Bone Spring and Wolfcamp formations with spud release times and our best wells improving to less than 12 days. Our completions work improved to an average of nearly 2,000 feet per day in the quarter. I want to congratulate the team, and I fully expect that these improved cycle times will be a tailwind to our results for the second half of the year. Shifting to the middle of the slide, we continue to make progress capturing operational cost synergies in the field. With solid results we delivered in the second quarter, LOE and GP&T costs improved 7% year-over-year. To achieve this positive result, we adopted the best and most economic practices from both legacy companies and leveraged our enhanced purchasing power in the Delaware to meaningfully reduce costs associated with several categories, including chemicals, water disposal, compression and contract labor. Importantly, these results were delivered by doing business in the right way with our strong safety performance in the quarter and combined with company delivered some of the meaningful environmental improvements over a year-over-year basis. And my final comment on this slide -- on the chart to the far right, the cumulative impact of Devon's strong operational performance resulted in significant margin expansion compared to both last quarter and on a year-over-year basis. Importantly, our Delaware Basin operations are geared for this trend to continue over the remainder of the year and beyond. Moving to Slide 15. While the Delaware Basin is clearly the growth engine of our company, we have several high-quality assets in the oil fairway of the U.S. that generate substantial amounts of free cash flow. These assets may not capture many headlines but they underpin the success of our sustainable free cash flow-generating strategy. In the Delaware Basin, cash flow nearly doubled in the quarter on the strength of natural gas and NGLs. our Dow joint venture activity is progressing quite well, and we're bringing on the first pad of new wells this quarter. The Williston continues to provide phenomenal returns and at today's pricing, this asset is on track to generate nearly $700 million of free cash flow for the year.  In the Eagle Ford, we have reestablished momentum with 21 wells brought online year-to-date, resulting in second quarter volumes advancing 20%. And in the Powder River, we're encouraged with continued industry activity and how -- and evaluating how we create the most value from this asset. We have a creative and commercially focused team working with this asset, many of which bring fresh set of eyes on how we approach this very substantial oil-rich acreage position. Overall, another strong quarter of execution and each of these asset teams did a great job delivering within our diversified portfolio. And lastly, on Slide 16, I want to conclude my prepared remarks with a few thoughts on the environmental performance targets we recently published. The team here at Devon takes great personal pride in delivering affordable and reliable energy that powers every other industry out there as well as the incredible quantity and quality of life we appreciate today. We absolutely believe that in addition to meeting the world's growing energy demand, we must also deliver our products in an environmentally and commercially sustainable way.  As you can see with the goals outlined on this slide, we're committing to taking a leadership role by targeting to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2030 and achieving net zero emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2050. A critically important component of this carbon reduction strategy is to improve our methane emissions intensity by 65% by 2030 from a baseline of 2019.  This emissions reduction target involves a range of innovations, including advanced remote leak detection technologies and breakthrough designs like our latest low-E facilities in the Delaware Basin. We also plan to constructively engage with upstream and downstream partners to improve our environmental performance across the value chain. While it's a journey, not a destination, environmental excellence is foundational to Devon. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. My comments today will be focused on our financial results for the quarter and the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. A great place to start today is with a review of Devon's strong financial performance in the second quarter, where we achieved significant growth in both operating cash flow and free cash flow. Operating cash flow reached $1.1 billion, an 85% increase compared to the first quarter of this year. This level of cash flow generation comfortably exceeded our capital spending requirements, resulting in free cash flow of $589 million for the quarter. As described earlier by Rick and Clay, our improving capital efficiency and cost control drove these outstanding results, along with the improved commodity prices realized in the second quarter. Overall, it was a great quarter for Devon, and these results showcased the power of our financially driven business model. Turning your attention to Slide 6. With the free cash flow generated in the quarter, we're proud to deliver on our commitment to higher cash returns through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. Our dividend framework is foundational to our capital allocation process, providing us the flexibility to return cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions. With this differentiated framework, we've returned more than $400 million of cash to our shareholders in the first half of the year, which exceeds the entire payout from all of last year. The second half of this year is shaping up to be even more impressive. This is evidenced by the announcement last night that our dividend payable on September 30 was raised for the third consecutive quarter to $0.49 per share. This dividend represents a 44% increase versus last quarter and is more than a fourfold increase compared to the period a year ago. On Slide 8, in addition to higher dividends, another way we have returned value to shareholders is through our recent efforts to reduce debt and enhance our investment-grade financial strength. In the second quarter, we retired $710 million of debt, bringing our total debt retired year-to-date to over $1.2 billion.  With this disciplined management of our balance sheet, we're well on our way to reaching our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage target of 1 turn or less by year-end. Our low leverage is also complemented by a liquidity position of $4.5 billion and a debt profile with no near-term maturities. This balance sheet strength is absolutely a competitive advantage for Devon that lowers our cost of capital and optimizes our financial flexibility through the commodity cycle. Looking ahead to the second half of the year, with the increasing amounts of free cash flow our business is projected to generate, we'll continue to systematically return value to our shareholders through both higher dividend payouts and by further deleveraging our investment-grade balance sheet.  As always, the first call in our free cash flow is to fully fund our fixed dividend of $0.11 per share. After funding the fixed dividend, up to 50% of the excess free cash flow in any given quarter will be allocated to our variable dividend. The other half of our excess free cash flow will be allocated to improving our balance sheet and reducing our net debt.  Once we achieve our leverage target later this year, this tranche of excess free cash flow that was previously reserved for balance sheet improvement has the potential to be reallocated to higher dividend payouts or opportunistic share buybacks. should our shares remain undervalued relative to peers in the broader market. So in summary, our financial strategy is working well. We have excellent liquidity and our business is generating substantial free cash flow. The go-forward business will have an ultra low leverage ratio of a turn or less by year-end, and we're positioned to substantially grow our dividend payout over the rest of the year. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Rick for some closing comments.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I would like to close today by reiterating a few key thoughts. Devon is a premier energy company, and we are proving this with our consistent results. Our unique business model is designed to reward shareholders with higher dividend payouts. This is resulting in a dividend yield that's the highest in the entire S&P 500 Index.  Our generous payout is funded entirely from free cash flow and backstopped by an investment-grade balance sheet. And our financial outlook only improves as I look to the remainder of this year and into 2022. With the increasing amounts of free cash flow generated, we're committed to doing exactly what we promised, and that is to lead the industry in capital discipline and dividends. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Your first question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
JohnAbbott: This is John Abbott for Doug Leggate. Our first question is on M&A. There has been some recent press speculation out there that you are the potential bidder in a process. Now recognizing that you probably won't comment on any ongoing potential transaction, could you just sort of discuss in general what you would see as the benefits to Devon of a large-scale acquisition given the running room that you already have from legacy Devon and from WPX?
RickMuncrief: John, thanks for the question. It's a great question, great perspective. And just fundamentally, we continue to have a very, very high bar, and we have a wonderful business post-merger. And so for us, the way we think about it is anything we evaluate, and that's really on the buying or selling side, it's got to be immediately accretive. It's got to have compelling industrial logic. And we have tried to be really clear on this, but it absolutely has to feel within our investment framework and makes us even better, even stronger.  And I'll just go back to just a fundamental message today. It's got a -- anything we have to consider has got to help us get stronger on an outlook that says, look, if we just keep volumes flat, we're going to add an additional $1 billion of cash flow next year. And then when you look at that on a cash flow per share base, that's 20% growth, '22 over '21. So that's really how we view it, and that hasn't really changed. We've got a tremendous inventory. We've got a tremendous business, and we continue to have a very high bar. And we're going to be very, very disciplined in anything we do.
JohnAbbott: Appreciate it. And then for our follow-up question here, its on your hedging strategy going forward here. I mean you've historically had a systematic component to your hedging strategy. How are you thinking about hedging going forward from here?
A -RickMuncrief: I'm going to have Jeff answer that. Go ahead, Jeff.
JeffRitenour: Yes. This is Jeff. Yes, happy to provide some color on that. As you probably saw in our prepared materials and what we disclosed last night, we've not added any material incremental hedges since our last call, since last quarter. Going forward, we don't expect that to change. Given where we are in the cycle, given where we are with our business, the balance sheet, the great shape that we have the balance sheet in, the low reinvestment ratios that we've talked about, which we expect to continue going forward, and frankly, just the low-cost structure and breakevens that we have, it's created a margin of safety for us in our business that allows us to be less aggressive on the hedging front.  And so we really don't feel the need to add any incremental hedges at this point in time. We'll obviously monitor that, and we certainly talk about it and debate it on a weekly basis here within the walls of Devon and could certainly change our view at some point in the future. But where we sit today, given the strength of our business and projected business and the balance sheet, we really don't feel like we need to add any incremental hedges in the near term.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Downey with Citigroup.
BrianDowney: Jeff, it sounds like from your prepared comments raising the 50% excess free cash flow payout cap may be considered at some point, given the leverage and maturity schedule outlook here. You mentioned it, but share repurchases are still listed at the bottom of your free cash flow priority slide in the appendix. Has that repurchase appetite changed much at all on the margin given the recent equity performance versus commodity price and Devon's forward yield on offer? And if you were to consider repurchases, do you anticipate that being more systematic or opportunistic?
JeffRitenour: Yes, Brian, I appreciate the question. I would say the share repurchases is certainly moving up the list of options for us, potential options for us as we move through the back half of this year. I talked about it in my prepared remarks, and we've talked about it for a couple of quarters now. Our first focus is on reaching our leverage target, which you all have heard me speak to in the past. We really think about that on a $55 oil price.  And so if you do the math on $55 oil, in our current oil production, you get to somewhere around $4 billion, $4. 8 billion, $4.5 billion, $4.8 billion EBITDA. We currently have $6.5 billion of gross debt, cash balance of $1.5 billion. We need a couple of hundred million more dollars of cash to get us to that net debt of kind of a 1x ratio. I really expect that's going to happen in this quarter.  And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that puts us in a position to think about other ways to return more of that excess free cash flow to shareholders. And so things on the table are absolutely an increase in the variable dividend percentage. We're going to maintain the framework that we've outlined and don't expect that to change going into the future, but we could absolutely supplement it with some incremental variable dividends and potentially some incremental share repurchases. I think the other thing we'll look at as we get further into the year and probably into 2022 is the potential to increase the fixed dividend as well. So those are all the things that we'll be considering with our Board as we move into the back half of this year.
BrianDowney: Great. And then maybe one for Clay. Clay, in the Anadarko Basin, you mentioned bringing online a half dozen or so legacy Meramec DUCs. Anything you're seeing from those production results, completion costs, or early days of the drilling JV that maybe changes your view of Anadarko returns or how it ultimately fits within the portfolio?
ClayGaspar: Yes, Brian, just between you and I, I'm actually pretty positive on the Anadarko Basin. I have been for quite a while. I think it's underappreciated, generally speaking. But it's a pretty tough hill to climb to compete in our investment portfolio. So I think the team there is taking exactly the right approach. We've entered this joint venture. We've got some promoted money. It allows the investments to compete, feel really good about the investments that we're making. And then meanwhile, we're doing exactly what you're asking about is we're getting a modern look at today's well cost, today's completion designs and the well results that we're generating.  So still pretty early days on the well results. But I'm very encouraged. The Miller pad is the one we're bringing on this quarter. That's the first one that we've drilled this year, bringing on -- that's really exciting. Looking forward to those opportunities, both Woodford and Meramec opportunities. But I can tell you this, the well costs are phenomenal. Really excited about that. And as you know, $1 saved on well cost is a direct dollar to present value. So it's a holistic look and we look forward to seeing more from that team.
Operator: Your next question is from Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo.
NitinKumar:
RickMuncrief: Yes. I want to have Jeff weigh in and help me on fielding the question, and appreciate them. Yes, I think Delaware is going to continue to be the workhorse in our portfolio. I don't see that changing. As Clay just talked about, we've got some great investment opportunities in our other basins. But the reality is the Delaware is really, really hard to compete with internally. And so you'll continue to see the lion's share of our capital program being allocated to the Delaware Basin. I don't see that really changing anytime in the near future.  So Jeff, you maybe want to talk about commodity price assumptions that we have?
JeffRitenour: Yes. I appreciate the question. And we -- as you might guess, we look at multiple sensitivities and evaluate different scenarios and price decks that might come at us. I would say foundationally though, we really think about $55 oil as kind of being a normalized price and then try to manage our business around that. We're in a position today with the low breakeven that we have in our business, even at $55 oil, we can accomplish all of our financial objectives and then some. So we feel like we're in a really good spot. But we certainly do evaluate the strip and even higher and even lower price scenarios as we work through our budgeting process with our Board.
NitinKumar: Great. And my follow-up, you were 9% below expectations on capital spending in the second quarter. We're expecting an improvement through the rest of the year, but you left capital budget for 2021 unchanged. If I could, is that a function of any inflation that you're seeing? Or could you just help us understand the math there?
ClayGaspar: Yes, thanks. This is Clay. I'll respond to that, Nitin. I think the idea is that we've set a course for capital. I think we're still very much inside the planned activity levels. In fact, we've accelerated a little bit just from drilling faster. We're not going to drop rigs and balance activity because of that. And so what it does is it draws a little bit more natural activity into the fourth quarter. But that said, I think it's -- I think you can kind of continue to see a very line of sight runway. I think there will be some continued improvements. I think we will also see some headwind from inflation start to creep in. I think on balance, I still feel good -- really good about reiterating the '21 capital plan. And we'll see how the team continues to perform throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman.
NeilMehta:
JeffRitenour: Yes, absolutely, Neil. That's exactly right. I mean given the strength that we've seen in pricing thus far. And as Clay mentioned earlier, the capital efficiencies that we've seen and continued cost reductions, you marry that with the fact that we've got incremental hedges rolling off into the third and fourth quarter. All those are going to be tailwinds to our free cash flow in the quarter. And my absolute expectation is to see a higher variable dividend in the third quarter on a relative basis.
RickMuncrief: Neil, this is Rick. I'll augment that a little bit. I think we need to just remind everyone that we were about 50% hedged on crude this year, but the profile of that is about 60% first half, 40% in the second half. And currently, we're about 20% hedged as we look into '22.
NeilMehta: That's great, Rick. And just a follow-up here is, as you guys think about the payout, which right now is 50%, I think you've -- the breadcrumbs will indicate that you think there is a pathway to move that higher. Can you just talk about what the milestones we should be watching for to see when we should start to think about taking up that payout ratio from 50% to something higher, and any sense of what the ultimate destination would be in the dream world of what the right payout ratio could look like?
JeffRitenour: Yes. No, this is Jeff again. Again, as I mentioned earlier, that's something we're absolutely going to debate and talk about with the Board as we move into the third and fourth quarter. Again, I want to reiterate, we want to make sure we get to our debt target that I mentioned earlier, that 1x turn, which I fully expect, given where prices are, we'll accomplish that here in the third quarter. But as we move into our discussions into the fall with our Board around the budget for 2022 and the potential outcome around share repurchases, the fixed dividend and incremental variable dividends on top of the 50%, I think those are all things we'll talk about here over the next, call it, 3 months and would expect to give you all more color as we move through the year.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Portillo with TPH.
MatthewPortillo: This one might be for Clay. Just wondering if you could talk about some of the strong results you're seeing in the Bone Spring around Stateline and how that may impact your future inventory and development plans going forward?
ClayGaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. It's really exciting. So we -- the original acquisition was based on really the Wolfcamp A. We knew there was additional upside, but really pending the acquisition economics and the forward plan, it was really on kind of that Greater or Upper Wolfcamp landing zones. And that's been amazing. The homerun is really where you get these additional landing zones essentially for free, right? And that's what was so intriguing about the original entry into the Delaware. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, just the continued dividends that are paid from it. So we there was opportunity in the second Bone. We had drilled some early wells. But as we've refined the petrophysics and really dialed into the proper landing zones, we've been very encouraged, at least 3, maybe 4 landing zones in the Bone Spring. And the real questions have been and what we've been working on is proper spacing come laterally, but also in a vertical sense. How much of this is in hydraulic communication. And we're starting to kind of nail that down, and now you're starting to see us move into the development mode, which is just significant upside on that -- the incredibly rich infrastructure right there.   And I talk about infrastructure, it's everything from owning the electrical infrastructure, water disposal system, our partnership with Howard Energy to relever all of those benefits. And then also recall that we purchased 15,000 surface acres over this whole area. And so again, as we continue to rediscover refined new opportunities kind of little exploration under our own feet, this is some of the most accretive value creation for the organization, without question.
MatthewPortillo: That's great. And then maybe just another follow-up on the operational side. The WPX team was working to widen spacing designs in parts of the Delaware before the merger with Devon. I guess, with both of the teams now combined, could you talk about what you've learned so far from a completion and spacing optimization perspective and how that might influence your results moving forward?
ClayGaspar: Yes. This is one of the kind of the hidden wins of what we talk about synergies. We can put a number on so many things, and we've ascribed this $600 million, which, by the way, I feel very confident in achieving by year-end. But I think these are the kind of things that are synergistic in nature. You've got 2 really, really smart teams that have been trying to solve this problem independently now have the opportunity to really learn together, share data, share resources, share lessons learned, wins, losses along the way, and it really kind of supercharges that.  So I don't know that we've moved dramatically in any one area around spacing, but I think what's really interesting is to watch the continued improvement on the cost side of the equation. We're drilling wells in 12 days, 2-mile laterals in some pretty challenging areas. That's phenomenal. That adds incredible efficiency on the front end of the economics. The capital and the design associated with the completion is really where these wells will start to separate, and that's well placement stimulation design and all of those attributes that go in.  We're testing -- we're turning a lot of knobs in that space. Too early to call on kind of what is the go-forward consistent plan across the whole Delaware Basin. My intuition will tell me that it's multiple go-forward plans in different areas. We'll continue to learn. We're looking at a lot of new technologies, and at the same time, continuing to get better from an ESG front. And I can tell you that's another one of the hidden wins from synergies, we're making great strides on that. And I think it's a very much a beneficial symbiotic relationship there as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
NealDingmann: Two questions that's kind of both been asked, I want to ask in different ways. Maybe, Rick, first for you, just first question is maybe on free cash flow allocation. I guess my question around that is, obviously, you're doing a great job on the variable dividend than the first out of the gate. But I'm just wondering, one, do you think you're being appropriately rewarded for that variable and just the total bills in general? And to me, kind of combined with that, what appears to be your stock trading at a discount to NAV, maybe why not do some more buybacks near term given that discount?
RickMuncrief: Yes, Neal, that's a question that we all debate here internally. And I'm not convinced that we've seen that yet. I think there's a question around the variable dividend about consistency, and you get quarter after quarter of some really nice dividends. I'm encouraged by the actions of our -- some of our other industry peers. And I think what you're going to find is that now Devon is not just being treated as a one-off, it's truly a movement within our sector of getting more cash back to shareholders. And I think that's a good thing. So when you look at it from that perspective, I think we will start seeing better equity performance. But if not, certainly, the discussion we had about share repurchases really comes to light and it's great to have optionality. So you heard Jeff a while ago talk about the ability to ratchet up the variable dividend with the stronger cash flows, we also would -- from an opportunistic standpoint, have the ability to certainly repurchase the equity. And the third thing, I think that when we think about capital allocation, it's a little more longer term. But we don't have any near-term debt maturities. We do have a couple of hundred million due, I think, here in 2023. But we have an incremental $800 million of callable debt in the next 24 months. And so we have options. And Neal, that's what I love about our portfolio, our strategy, the optionality, strong balance sheet. All that is going to, I think, really make for an exciting story over the next few years and something I'm very, very pleased with how it's come together with the merger. So I think suffice to say, if we don't see the equity performing to the level that we feel it should be, it's going to be a really good discussion with our Board. And I think they'd be very supportive of us pursuing opportunistic share repurchases.
NealDingmann:
ClayGaspar:
Operator: Your next question is from David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy Partners.
DavidHeikkinen:
JeffRitenour: Thanks. I appreciate the question. I think it was very important to us not to just set a very long-range target and say, trust us, we'll get there. So we said intermediate kind of ranges goals as well. And so we have intermediate steps around 2025 and 2030 that are peppered throughout the document. And I can tell you we're well on our way. I mean just to point to some of the areas I think about one of the most important is around greenhouse gas emissions. And I think of the Southern Delaware, which is the legacy WPX asset, we were about 5% a couple of years ago. We averaged about 2.5% last year. State-of-the-art today, last probably quarter, we are somewhere between 1% and 1.5%.  And so that's very encouraging. There's a lot of meat on that bone, because when you compare it to the legacy Devon asset, just across the border, they've been running about 0.5%. And so we see line of sight to where that Southern Delaware needs to go. We just need to do a little bit more work on some of the infrastructure, some of the cultural mindset about how we flow back what we're going to do, flow back and build the infrastructure and how we manage the wells themselves.  I think about the other areas, both South Texas and Mid-Continent are phenomenal in that regard. Powder is a little bit more challenged. The big challenge is the Williston. And for all the Williston players, you hear the same story. It is a real challenging infrastructure asset. That has continued to be the case. I can tell you we are pushing really, really hard on that. We've dropped the emissions by about 1/3 over the last year, but it's still nothing to brag about, okay? It's still about a 10% number, which we need to continually improve on. We're investing in that. We're leveraging all of the relationships we have to continue to drive that down. And we will achieve our '25 and '30 targets as we've set out, but there's a lot of work to do between now and then.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
PaulCheng:
JeffRitenour:
PaulCheng: For $70 of oil prices, Jeff, that when -- in terms of the cash tax paying, if that trajectory has been changed from what you have said in the past?
JeffRitenour: Yes, Paul okay. I'm with you. Yes, really short answer is no material change from what we talked about on the previous call. If you'll recall, what we -- current projection, we think we'll enter into next year with probably over $3 billion of federal NOLs. So that puts us in a pretty good position to shield ourselves from taxes in the near term. Obviously, price deck is, as you highlighted in your question, can have a material impact to that. Our current expectation, though, given the NOL position that we have and our current projections, even at these higher prices, we really don't expect to be a material cash taxpayer for a number of years. So again, that's going to be consistent with what we talked about in the past and no material changes there. Obviously, one of the things that we're evaluating and thinking about in the broader macro specific to the tax -- our specific tax position, and then just more broadly is any changes that the administration may make as it relates to IDC or any of the other specifics around how we would calculate our tax position. Again, no new news on that front. We've not gotten any better clarity as to the direction of the administration where they may head on that front. But we've certainly been running the sensitivities and evaluating the potential outcomes. Again, given our tax attributes today, we really feel like we're in a good spot and don't expect taxes to be a detrimental impact to our free cash flow story for a number of years.
ClayGaspar: Yes, Paul, I'll pick up. This is Clay on the inflation question. Was there something else first?
PaulCheng: Yes. And then how about the earnout accounting, given your commodity prices that you should be able to get some money from the earnout?
JeffRitenour: Paul, I think you're asking about the contingent payments specific to our Barnett transaction? Yes, absolutely. So we -- the one item you probably saw in the quarter as we adjusted our expectation there, given the higher prices. And so as we look at -- again, this is -- I'm going to use the forward strip as the baseline here. But as we look at 2022 -- or excuse me, 2021 in the results and the prices that we've seen to date, we would expect to receive a contingent payment on our Barnett transaction. It could be in the ballpark of $40 million. So that would be incremental cash that would be coming in the door to us as a result of that transaction.
PaulCheng: And does you have any P&L impact?
JeffRitenour: P&L impact? Yes. No, we've adjusted that contingent payment in our results for the second quarter, so you shouldn't see a big impact going forward.
ClayGaspar: And Paul, it's Clay. I'll pick up on your original question 2 around inflation. My belief is inflation is real. I appreciate the Fed Chairman saying there's some transitory things happening in the macro sense. But I think you go anywhere, talk to any business owner, and there is -- there are struggles to get employees and things working, even trying to buy relatively routine thing.   So I think there's one level of inflation kind of in a macro sense. And then specific to our industry, higher commodity price obviously is driving some increase in activity. The question I have, and I think is still yet to prove out is the historical correlation between commodity price and rig activity is disconnected. And that's a good thing from the sense of our industry discipline.  And so I think what we need to do is not necessarily focus on the commodity price, but it's more of the resulting activity. Certainly, some of the private folks have picked up more rigs differentially relative to the larger publics. I think as the larger publics continue to hold the line on disciplined cash flow returning sustainability in that regard, I think we'll continue to see moderate growth on activity.  So what that means to us is summing those 2 things up, certainly, we will see some inflation. We're seeing it now. We have certainly baked that into our '21 expectations guidance. I have a lot of confidence in, again, being able to meet our guidance for the balance of the year. As we start to look forward and really trying to hone in on '22, I think there's still some questions out there.  Clearly, we expect to see some inflation. I'm not ready to prepare and put a number on to it today. We're just starting our really deep conversations in a long-term sense with the Board as we work through capital investment levels, some of the things we've talked about on this call and certainly an incredibly important part of that math is inflation. So we see it coming. We're prepared for it. We're working to mitigate as best we can.   We believe our relationships and the partnership that we can offer from a very consistent and robust program with a company that does what it says it's going to do, I think, offers a lot of value to our service company partners. And end of the day, we will see some higher costs, but not prepared to really point to a number just yet.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
ScottHanold:
RickMuncrief: Yes, Scott, one thing -- this is Rick. One thing that we constantly try to keep a pulse on and that is investor preferences. And that's not always easy. Depends on who you ask sometimes. And so from our perspective, we think a balanced approach is a pretty good way to look at it. And you may be a little cross-threaded 1 quarter or 2 quarters, but over time, we think that's the best way to do it. And that's why you heard us talk about optionality.  I think more near term, I think the higher dividends show me the money now has been, I think, the lion's share of the feedback that we've been hearing from shareholders. And I think that as we look at our shareholder group, we think that it's continued to strengthen as we're getting really some nice shareholders across the line, and really pleased with that.  Now I think you'll also hear over time, maybe more comments and more perspectives on a little longer term approach. And I think that's an outcome of maybe some more stability in some commodity prices. And when I think commodity prices, I'm thinking about not only crude oil, which drives most of our revenues, but I can tell you, NGLs are -- we have some really, really nice exposure to the NGLs from basically all three of our basins, nice place to be.  And so that -- if you get into a situation where even with your best efforts of getting cash back to shareholders, significant amount of cash to shareholders, if you still think you're being not rewarded properly with your equity performance, that really sets you up for some opportunistic share repurchases. And that's something that even though there were a 20% growth next year on the cash flow per share, you were on both the numerator and the denominator, not a bad way to go. And that's how you can deliver some growth, because I think the broader market continues to reward growth. Our sector, we just can't -- we're not going to get rewarded for growth right now, as we've all talked about for the last year or so. So how can you do things opportunistically both on the numerator and denominator.  And then the third option is just is on the balance sheet, just continue to have a fortressed type balance sheet, which we have a wonderful balance sheet. It's getting stronger every quarter. But at the end of the day, we also have some callable debt that we'll have to think about over the next couple of years, the way we pull the trigger on that or just treat it as a net debt type exercise.  So really a good spot to be in, and that's really how we view it. We really -- in summary, we just try to do the best job we can day in, day out and trying to keep a good pulse on what investors are looking for. And I do think in this day and time, as we said in our opening comments, when you have a near 0% interest world that we're in right now, these yields are really, really compelling. I mean we're all shareholders, and we love those quarterly dividend checks I can tell you. Those are really nice. So that's really how we're looking at it. So hopefully, that's some color that can help you. So
ScottHanold: Yes. No, it's very appreciated. And just a quick last question here. Clay, I think you kind of alluded to this already, but obviously, with your greater efficiencies and you guys continue to outperform, I guess, even your expectation on your quarterly production guidance and look on pace to be there for the full year. It doesn't sound at least like this year, you're going to probably taper activity much. Is that sort of the concept that we should think about as we think about 2022, if you guys are still running a little bit more efficient. You're going to kind of maintain that activity and maybe grow into that 5%, I guess, kind of cap rate that you have out there?
ClayGaspar:
Scott Coody: All right. Looks like we're at the end of our time slot today. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and our forward-looking outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rickhard Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team.  Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. It's good to be here this morning. We certainly appreciate everyone taking the time to join us today. It has now been nearly 4 months since the closing of the merger between Devon and WPX, creating a premier U.S. energy company that possesses a powerful suite of assets and a disciplined strategy to maximize value for our shareholders.  With this advantaged platform, our merger integration efforts are complete and our go-forward team is highly energized and delivering on exactly what we promised. We are executing on our maintenance capital program, capturing cost synergies, generating free cash flow and returning significant value to shareholders through higher dividends and the aggressive reduction of debt.  The progress we have made with each of these strategic objectives is evidenced in our quarterly results and this is only just the beginning. It is going to be an excellent year for Devon as we continue to advance our strategic plan.  Turning your attention to Slide 3. With many investors possibly new to our story, I would like to review why Devon has the right business model to maximize value for our shareholders. To ensure that we are excellent stewards of your capital, any successful strategy in a commodity business must be grounded in supply and demand fundamentals. With fundamentals signaling maturing demand dynamics for our industry, we fully recognize the traditional E&P model of prioritizing only production growth is not the correct strategy going forward.  To optimize value creation in the next leg of the energy cycle, a company must deploy a financially driven model that prioritizes free cash flow generation over production growth. At Devon, this is exactly what we are doing. We're limiting top line production growth from 0% to 5% in times of favorable conditions. We're pursuing margin expansion in earnings through scale and a leaner corporate cost structure. We're moderating reinvestment rates to levels substantially below that of cash flow. We're maintaining low levels of leverage to establish a greater margin of safety.  And we're returning more cash to shareholders via our innovative fixed-plus-variable dividend policy. Our talented team at Devon takes great pride that we are leading the industry with this disciplined operating framework. I personally feel it's time for industry to stop contemplating and talking about the possibilities of a cash return model and more quickly embrace this necessary change. High returns on capital employed, reduced reinvestment rates and cash flow generation will determine the winners in this cycle, not the historic behavior of delivering outsized production growth. Now jumping ahead to Slide 4. And as I touched on briefly in my opening remarks, we delivered on exactly what we promised we would do in the first quarter.  Our disciplined plan limited reinvestment rates to just over 60% of cash flow we substantially expanded margins, and we continue to take steps to reduce our corporate cost. As you can see on the bar chart graph to the right, with the excess cash our business is generating more than 65% of our capital allocation has been deployed toward dividends and debt reduction.  This return of capital to the shareholders is a clear differentiator for Devon. Looking specifically at the dividend, we were able to accelerate cash returns in the quarter through our innovative fixed-plus-variable dividend framework, which we implemented earlier this year. The initial benefits of this generous payout policy were evidenced in March when the owners of our company received their first variable dividend in conjunction with our regular fixed dividend.  Based on first quarter results, our Board has approved another fixed-plus-variable dividend of $0.34 per share. This payout represents a 13% increase versus last quarter and is more than 3x that of the same period a year ago. This thoughtful and uniquely designed dividend framework is foundational to our capital allocation process, providing us the flexibility to return cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions through the cycle.  In addition to the dividend, another way we returned value to shareholders was through our recent efforts to reduce debt and enhance our investment-grade financial strength. Since the closing of our merger, we have already retired $743 million of debt. With our actions year-to-date, we have executed on nearly half of our $1.5 billion authorized debt repurchase program. And we expect to reach our target of 1x net debt-to-EBITDA by year-end. Jumping ahead to Slide 10. While first quarter production was limited due to severe winter weather, I want to be clear that our operations are scaled to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow.  Specifically, in 2021, we are on track to deliver a highly attractive free cash flow yield at today's spot price. The free cash flow yield story gets even better. If you look at us on an unhedged basis and assuming year-end run rates for cost synergies. This upside case is represented by the red line, showcasing a free cash flow yield in excess of 20% and at today's pricing. With this powerful cash flow stream, I feel it is important to reiterate that we have no intention of allocating capital to growth projects until demand side fundamentals recover, and it becomes evident that OPEC+ spare oil capacity is effectively absorbed by the world markets.  On Slide 12, with our cash return business model, building momentum, I want to highlight the unique value proposition that Devon offers from both a dividend and a growth perspective. To demonstrate this point, we've included a simple comparison of our estimated dividend yield in 2021 at $60 WTI pricing, assuming a 50% variable dividend payout. As you can see on the slide, Devon's implied dividend yield is not only highly differentiated compared to peers, but is vastly superior to virtually any other sector and asset class in the market today.  Importantly, Devon is more than just a yield play. We have our quality and depth of resource within our portfolio to deliver sustainable per share growth that will reward shareholders for many years to come. The final topic I want to briefly touch on is with the integration of our operations progressing ahead of plan. In the very near future, we plan to issue more specific guidance on Devon's go forward environmental priorities.  This disclosure will include formal targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, methane intensity rates and our strategy to improve upon other key performance measures. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Clay, our Chief Operating Officer, to cover our recent operating highlights.
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. I first want to acknowledge the hard work that our organization has poured into this merger. Our team has made substantial progress integrating our organization, assets and processes. We knew it was not the easy way to combine 2 strong companies, taking time to evaluate the best practices has proven to be a very valuable exercise.  I'm here in the corporate office, to each of our field offices, I've seen some great examples of setting aside historical bias listening to new ideas and then coming together to find the right solution for the go-forward enterprise. External forces certainly have compounded the complexity. To pile on to the challenges of the pandemic, February's winter storm was a major event that, again, tested the resolve of our team.  As it turned out, once again, I saw incredible leadership, innovation and personal sacrifice in the name of the greater good. I saw many displays of our employees not only helping in expanded capacity for Devon, but also in their communities. This exemplifies the culture of the organization that we have and continue to refine.  I'm pleased with the progress that we are making. I'm exceptionally excited about the future of Devon as we benefit from each other's legacy company best practices with an incredible portfolio and a rock-solid balance sheet. Let's flip to Slide 14, and we can discuss our world-class Delaware Basin asset. Once again, the Delaware Basin was the driving force behind our operational performance for the quarter, with our capital activity focused on low-risk development projects, higher-margin production grew 19% year-over-year on a pro forma basis.  This strong production result was driven by a Wolfcamp oriented production program which accounted for roughly 2/3 of the 52 wells that commenced first production in the quarter. In the second quarter, we'll have several big pads that come on in the Stateline area, which will be a blend of Bone Spring and Wolfcamp completions. While the overall execution of our capital program was excellent in the quarter, new well activity was headlined by our Danger Noodle project in the Southwest County.  This 2-mile lateral development, targeting the Upper Wolfcamp achieved average 30-day rates of 5,100 BOE per day with a 67% oil cut. Importantly, the capital cost came in 20% below our pregeral expectations, driving returns on invested capital significantly higher than planned. Another key project for us this quarter was the 11 well thoroughbred development in Eddy County that codeveloped 3 Upper Wolfcamp intervals.  Due to timing, we only have commenced first production on 2 wells, but these -- but thus far, these wells have been outstanding with peak rates exceeding 4,000 BOE per day. The remaining 9 thoroughbred bird wells are being brought online and coupled with our current completion activity in the Stateline area. I think it's fair to state that we have a strong line of sight to our Delaware production profile and cash flow growth in the upcoming quarter.  The final item I'd like to cover on this slide is the positive regulatory update regarding our federal acreage, which accounts for about 1/3 of our total Delaware leasehold. As many of you are aware, earlier this year, the Department of Interior issued a directive that restricted permitting on federal land for a 60-day period.  This order lapsed on March '22. And with the team's forethought and proactive planning, we navigated through the 60-day period without any impact to our day-to-day operations or full year capital plan. What is even more encouraging is that since the order has lapsed, we've received approval on more than 50 new drilling permits.  In aggregate and netting for the wells that we've drilled, we have about 500 federal drilling permits, reverting an inventory of about 4 years at the current drilling pace. Even though this positive regulatory news is right in line with our expectations, we will continue to be highly engaged and collaborative with policymakers to ensure that we retain the ability to effectively develop our federal leases and maximize value for all stakeholders involved.  Moving to Slide 15. We continue to build upon our trend of operational excellence in the Delaware during the quarter. As you can see on the left-hand chart, our drilled and completed cost declined once again to $534 per lateral foot in the first quarter. These results rank among the very best in the industry and represent a 43% improvement from just a few years ago. This differentiated performance is underpinned by steadily improving cycle times, refined completion designs, and the deployment of leading-edge technology across all facets of the D&C value chain.  Shifting to the middle chart. We also continue to act with a sense of urgency to materially improve our cash cost structure in order to get the most value out of every barrel we produce. This focus is evidenced by our first quarter results where field level costs improved 11% year-over-year. To achieve this positive rate of change, we have meaningfully reduced our recurring LOE expense across several categories, including chemicals, water disposal, compression and contract labor. Looking ahead, I expect further improvement. The team is hard at work identifying and capturing additional savings that will generate margin expansion throughout the remainder of the year.  Turning to Slide 16. Another asset I'd like to put in the spotlight today is Anadarko Basin, where we are officially back to work in this basin with 2 operator rigs funded by our joint venture with Dow Chemical. Both Rick and I have long histories with this basin. And literally, it's just right down the road from our corporate headquarters. I'm very impressed with the great improvements that our team has made in the last couple of years. By way of background, in late 2019, we formed this partnership with Dow in a promoted deal where Dow earns half of our interest on 183 undrilled locations in exchange for a $100 million drilling carry.  In addition to the benefits of the drilling carry, returns will also improve with targeted up spacing and from midstream incentive rates that will reduce our per unit cost for Wells associated with this drilling JV. When you combine these factors and the continuing operational improvement, these returns will be exceptional. Year-to-date, we have spud 8 wells in the liquids-rich core of the play and we are on track to drill up to 30 wells for the full year 2021, targeting in a mix of Meramec and Woodford opportunities. I have full confidence that the commencement of the Dow JV is the first of many positive steps Devon will take to extract value from the scalable and repeatable resource play.  And lastly, on Slide 7, the key message here is that even with the severe winter weather we encountered in the first quarter, we are well on our way to achieving all of our capital objectives for 2021. Looking specifically at the second quarter, we expect the midpoint of oil production to be 288,000 barrels per day, coupled with a capital spend that is slightly elevated due to the timing of Delaware completions, and some of the midstream projects.  Although the portfolio effect would typically smooth out a stack of events like this, sometimes capital from larger number of pads and projects can fall in one quarter. Following the second quarter, capital will fall back to a more nominal rate. We will continue to work our synergy gains into the capital projections as we work our best path forward. This should continue to offset much of the inflationary pressure in the industry that we will see in a $60-plus environment. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Jeff for additional commentary on our financial results.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. For today, I will cover the progress we've made on our financial priorities and highlight the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. Beginning on Slide 5, a key and differentiating part of our financial strategy is our ability and willingness to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders. At Devon, we have a long history of returning cash to shareholders, paying a quarterly dividend for 28 consecutive years that has increased at an average rate of more than 10% per year.  To step up our game and build upon this tradition, earlier this year, we implemented our fixed plus variable dividend framework. This cash return strategy is designed to pay a sustainable fixed dividend and evaluate a variable dividend on a quarterly basis.  The fix component of this policy is our legacy quarterly dividend that is paid at a rate of $0.11 per share and targeted at a sustainable payout level of approximately 10% of operating cash flow and mid-cycle pricing. The variable dividend is intended to be a supplemental distribution of up to 50% of excess free cash flow beyond the fixed dividend. As Rick touched on earlier, this isn't just an interesting theoretical concept.  We are executing on this framework, and we paid our initial fixed plus variable dividend in March of this year based on our fourth quarter results. And with our strong financial performance in the first quarter of this year, the Board approved a 13% increase in our fixed-plus-variable dividend to $0.34 per share. Both the fixed quarterly dividend of $0.11 per share and the variable dividend of $0.23 per share are payable on June 30 to shareholders.  Turning to Slide 6. In addition to higher dividend payouts, another strategic priority for Devon has been the repayment of debt to further strengthen our investment-grade financial position. So far this year, we've made significant progress towards this initiative by retiring $743 million of outstanding notes. While our balance sheet is in great shape, we're not done making improvements. Today, we acted on the next step in our plan by notifying bondholders of our intent to redeem $500 million of callable 2026 notes in June.  In combination, these debt reduction efforts will reduce our annual run rate interest expense by nearly $70 million, further lowering our overall breakeven per barrel. With the execution of our plan, we're on pace to reach 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target by year-end, and these debt retirement actions extend the average maturity of our debt portfolio to approximately 13 years with over 60% of our debt maturing after 2030.  Turning to Slide 7. Another area of focus that will enhance Devon's cash flow generating capabilities going forward is the capturing of merger-related synergies. The integration team has done a great job advancing this initiative year-to-date. And as a result, we are now raising our cost savings target to $600 million by year-end 2021. This updated target represents a 4% increase in cost savings compared to our previously issued guidance. While we're making strong progress across all categories. This improved outlook is driven by capital efficiency gains and the benefits of enhanced purchasing power in the Delaware Basin.  Overall, about 60% of the $600 million of cost savings targets has been incorporated into our full year 2021 outlook, and we have clear line of sight to capture the remaining synergies by year-end. The capturing of these synergies is very material and impactful to Devon, [indiscernible] in a PV-10 uplift over the next 5 years of $2.5 billion or roughly 15% of our market cap. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I would like to close by reiterating his key message, and that is the integration of the 2 companies is complete, and the team is delivering on exactly what we promised to do. We have prioritized free cash flow over growth. We have identified and captured cost synergies above and beyond our plan. We have a free cash flow that compares favorably to virtually any other asset class in the entire market we're rewarding shareholders with higher dividends, and we've taken some steps to aggressively reduce the debt.  Our team is focused and energized in 2021 is shaping up to be an excellent year for Devon. This is just the beginning. Devon's future is very bright. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, operator, we'll take your first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.
Arun Jayaram: Rick, let me start with you. One of the thoughts or incoming questions we've been getting is, call it, beyond 2021, how do you think about balancing the development CapEx portfolio renewal and returning cash to shareholders from a capital allocation standpoint, in particular, we've been getting some questions around Devon's interest. In a couple of the larger Permian A&D opportunities. But just seeing where your heads at as you look to balance some of your organic opportunities and plus other opportunities in the marketplace.
Richard Muncrief: Yes, Arun, that's something we'll always be contemplating. But right now, we're really focused on 2021. And the second half of this year is really shaping up to be a quite strong second half. We're going to see great momentum going into 2022. As far as the capital plan, we've not started working that yet. That will take place at later throughout the year. So I think it's a little bit early. I know that investors are really interested in that. But I think suffice to say for us right now, we're really focused on having great momentum into 2022. And with a keen focus, still to be on generating free cash flow and getting that back to shareholders. I think the second part of your question is around maybe some consolidation that's going on. You have seen quite a few transactions that have taken place over the last few months. I think we've been on record of saying we're we support that. I think some of the industry needs to do. But as far as Devon specifically, we've had a high bar that bar just continues to go up. When you start looking at the organic opportunities we have, and Lea and Eddy County, New Mexico and Loving County and Reeves County, Texas, you can just see that just in Inter Delaware, we have just a phenomenal amount of running room.  And so we just have to be thoughtful about that. And on top of that, we have our or other assets that all are playing a very key role for us in the company and the go-forward plan. So that's kind of where we are today.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Great. And my follow-up, you noted more than 50 permit approval since the moratorium lapsed. Clay, would you view this as kind of business as usual at the BLM? Or how do you characterize what you're seeing in terms of ongoing permit approvals?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Arun, I would say it's a little tough to say business as usual, right? I mean we work very closely with lots of counterparties, including the BLM, and they're in a little bit of a tough spot. I mean they're still trying to figure out directives from the administration from the Department of Interior. So I would say we're still in a bit of a transitional phase. But that doesn't deter from our ability -- or our focus on continuing to be a good partner, working very aggressively and very supportively with them, making sure that we are proactive in our business so that we don't find ourselves in a short-term pinch.  And I think that's proven out to be very advantageous as you had -- as we've seen in the prior disruption that we've experienced. So I think we're still a little bit away from business as usual, but we look forward to that for everybody's sake.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Sorry, guys, I had the mute button on. So as -- I wanted -- Jeff, I wonder if I could start with you on the free cash flow yield slide that you have on the deck. And I wonder if I could walk you through some numbers to see if I'm getting to the same place that you're trying to tell us to. You're basically, in Slide 10, you're showing is a 20% free cash flow yield at $60 WTI. And you're showing us 285,000 barrels a day midpoint production and a 40% WTI assumption for NGLs. If I do the math on that, it basically says a senior market cap last night was about $17 billion, and you put these charts together, us about $3.4 billion of implied free cash flow. And if I divide through by the oil sensitivity, it suggests that those are about $30 or something, which means your breakeven is below $30. Can you confirm or deny that, that math is close to be right? In other words, what do you think your sustaining capital breakeven on price is today?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. No, Doug, you're exactly right. The one caveat I'll make, and we denoted on the slide, obviously, we've assumed that we've captured all the synergies in this analysis. And we've also eliminated, obviously, the hedges that were burdened by in the current year. But when you put that all together and think about what the power of this business model can do going forward at these higher prices that we're currently experiencing, that's -- it's incredibly powerful. And that's what we try to demonstrate here on the slide is, although you can see from the bars, which are burdened by the current construct. When you eliminate some of that, you capture the synergies, you eliminate the commodity hedges on a go-forward basis, those are the kind of free cash flow yields that we think we can generate.
Doug Leggate: I'm trying to get to the underlying number. But to be clear, I think both Dave and Rick before had said your breakeven was in the mid-30s. I just want to make sure that what I'm understanding is actually $5 lower than that.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, that's right. We're pushing to the mid- to low 30s. And that's going to go lower as NGL prices improve.
Doug Leggate: Got it. My follow-up then is, look, it's obviously, I'm trying to keep valuation very simple. Your question then becomes is how long can you do it for is basically an inventory correction. And I realize you can move capital around the different basins. But when you look at your business today, when we think about a very simple excel, sustainable business as a starting point for a valuation discussion, how long can you sustain that type of mix of 285,000, $1.7 billion of capital?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Doug, I'll let Clay weigh in on the inventory.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Doug, we're still working on pulling together the quantifiable numbers of what we would call inventory, make sure we're talking the same language. But I would say, at a real high level, both legacy companies had substantial inventory. And I think as we continue to run in this 0% to 5% window, it's multiple -- many years of forward inventory.  And you know how the maturing of these opportunities evolve. So we look very closely at to, say, the next 5 years of inventory to make sure that we are ready to invest in any one of those projects, which we are. And then kind of that 5 to 10-year span, those may take additional down spacing tests understanding the right completion techniques and that maturing happens in those coming years. So I would say it's probably closer to a 10-year range, but we will get -- we'll continue to refine that and work towards a real tight number that we can talk about in a consistent method.
Doug Leggate: That's really helpful. Hopefully, you see what I'm trying to get to, but I appreciate the answers, guys.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. The summary is it's great news. We've got exceptionally low breakeven, a lot of exceptionally good inventory and exceptionally strong balance sheet. So that makes for a pretty good environment.
Richard Muncrief: Yes, Doug, it's Rick. I'll just weigh in real quickly. I just think that I would give this team maybe another quarter, and you'll get a little more clarity around where that breakeven is. But I think I think your view is directionally correct, and we'll continue to tighten that up a little bit.
Operator: Your next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Yes. I want to stick on Slide 10 here. And when you talk about the 20% free cash flow yield, I want to bridge that back down to dividend yield. And as I kind of assume here, Rick, that the 20% free cash flow yield kind of accrues to a 10% variable dividend, all else equal. Plus, we're talking about 2% fixed, so low double digits sort of dividend yield as you look out into 2022 at $60 WTI. And I guess the one swing in that math, to the extent that math is right, is whether you still will be running at a sustaining program at that point? Or do you see a scenario at a $60 WTI, where you're starting to layer in growth capital?
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I think you're right on. I mean, some of those numbers -- that's what the numbers definitely imply. We look at it the same way. So I think we align closely with you. I think as we think about 2022 and beyond. The key word for us, I think, is optionality. There's no doubt we could have just almost a stunning yield coming from the company. And we'll just have to balance that with continuing to aggressively pay down some debt and strengthen the balance sheet. It's already in good shape.  But I think the key word for me is optionality. And I think that's kind of helped. I think we should look at it right now. But directionally, you were absolutely correct. The free cash flow yield at these kind of levels and gives you the ability to pay a very, very substantial variable dividend.
Neil Mehta: And Rick, what are you looking for in terms of switching from sort of a maintenance-type program, running the business for free cash flow to saying that the world needs your business to actually operate for growth, if that makes sense? Or is the bar so high to do that and your framework has fundamentally changed. That you see very little scenario, very few scenarios where it would be appropriate to take a more growth-oriented approach. Does that make sense?
Richard Muncrief: It does. I think for us, we are absolutely spot on with the free cash flow generation being our #1 priority. As you think about the future, as far as growth company is concerned, the framework we laid out when we announced this transaction back last September, I think, is still intact. And that is we see up to 5% growth is probably, as we think about different sensitivities, that still is where we land. So 5% growth at a -- as you're approaching 300,000 barrels of oil a day, that's not insignificant growth. And so if you think about the corresponding cash flow that comes from that is something that we just has to contemplate. But optionality is a great thing to have.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is just on return of capital. The leverage is on track to reach 1x by year-end. Your target or time or less. And you've talked in the past, to the extent that the balance sheet is in good shape from leverage, cash, all that, the macro looks constructive and you're generating good incremental free cash flow. You'd reconsider visiting the up to 50% payout on the variable? And then potentially revisiting the 10% on the base dividend? So do you think you'll be in a position to maybe start more seriously contemplating that next year? And in this situation, would buybacks just look more attractive because it's generally a means to lessen the base dividend burden?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Janine, this is Jeff. I think you're spot on. As we've talked about in the past, as we continue to execute on the plan and generate excess free cash flow into this year, we feel really good about where the balance sheet is with the announced additional $500 million debt reduction we announced today, we're well down the path to reaching our targets. We're forecasting to be at that kind of 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target at the end of this year, if not sooner. So we feel really good about where the balance sheet is. And then to your question, we'll absolutely be talking to the Board about should we reevaluate that 50% threshold and maybe start putting more cash to the variable dividend beyond that 50% and then even considering things like the fixed dividend as well.  I will tell you the way we think about the fixed dividend, as you mentioned, is a payout ratio of cash flow kind of 5% to 10% on normalized pricing, which historically, we thought about normalized pricing kind of being in that $50 to $55 oil range. If we believe there's, as Rick mentioned earlier in some of his comments, if we see a structural change, in the pricing dynamic in the macro environment that would suggest to us that normalized pricing is higher than that kind of $50 to $55 level, that's when we would reevaluate the fixed dividend. But -- so I think what you're most likely to see from us in the near-term is incremental cash on the variable dividend and an increase in that threshold later this year or certainly into next year.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. We're looking forward to that. And then maybe our second question is a follow-up on Arun's question. You've got a high bar because you have very strong operations and a great portfolio right now. You have a strict financial framework for evaluating inorganic opportunities. And I guess our question is maybe a little more philosophical. Is financial accretion enough of a reason to do a deal as things are maturing in the industry as rate of change starts to slow down a little bit with either well results or costs with inflation on the horizon. Is that enough of a reason for financial patient? Or do you think there is still sufficient running room left with your existing capital efficiency so that you think you'll still be able to remain competitive on like free cash flow accretion over time?
Richard Muncrief: Jeanine, I see it. David Harris is here with me, may have David weigh in as well. But the way I see it is financial accretion is absolutely critical. So it's really the latter of your two directions. For us, there's we do have just a wonderful inventory. We're executing very well. We do see some opportunities to improve not only cost structure, but overall EURs and -- throughout our throughout our asset base. And so we have a high bar. I don't know how else to put it. And we're going to be very, very disciplined. That's not going to change. And I know that there's a lot of talk out there. But Dave, do you want to weigh in any way you see things differently?
David Harris: Yes, Jeanine, this is David. Certainly, the financial accretion is an important component of how we would think about opportunities. But as we've pretty consistently said, for the last several years, it's one of a number of factors. We'd also be thinking about strategic fit within the portfolio and the possibility for operational synergies and margin expansion opportunities. Clearly, inventory would need to move towards the front of the queue to effectively compete for capital. So it's a balancing act across all those things. And as Rick and Clay and Jeff have highlighted here. We have a lot of confidence in the business, both today and as it's going to continue to improve going forward.  And so that's what drives the high bar and the discipline we're going to have as we think about balancing those factors.
Operator: Your next question is from David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Heikkinen: As you think about your free cash flow and that yield, I think the question that has come up if 50% today going into the variable could easily, whatever you said, stunning, Rick, it like, well, 50% cap works for now as you think about the balance sheet and some sustainability. But how does the Board and how do you guys think about increasing that 50% payout of free cash flow over time?
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think, Jeff, Dave touched on that briefly, but I think the Board will be thoughtful, and we'll be disciplined, but also open-minded. If that's the right thing to do, that's we're seeing and hearing feedback from our shareholders, that's the thing to do. We'll certainly look at that. Jeff, I mean, you want to weight in?
Jeffrey Ritenour: David, the only thing I would add to my earlier comments is we're not averse to continuing to build cash and driving our net debt lower. We obviously focused on the 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target, but we're not averse to taking that even lower. But as we mentioned before, I mean, we're in an enviable position of generating a significant amount of free cash flow. We're just fundamentally of the belief that given our maintenance capital program and how we're executing, we need to return that cash to shareholders. And so I think it's likely that our Board will debate and discuss the opportunity to increase that threshold and then consider other options to continue to get cash returns back to shareholders.
David Heikkinen: Yes. And as you've talked with your shareholders, and you get some sustainability of this dividend payout, you now have 2 variables in the bank or will soon in June. Have you talked at all about like what yield they price to? I mean, do you get down into the 6%, 7-type percent range getting priced in? Or have you had any of those discussions at all?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, David, honestly, we haven't got a lot of clarity on that from investors in our conversations at this point in time. I'm looking forward to -- we've been really excited to get not only 1 but 2 of these kind of under our belt and hopefully start to gather some of the attention that we think it deserves. And I think it's likely we'll have some of those conversations going forward. But frankly, just haven't got a lot of line of sight to that at this point.
David Heikkinen: Your stock clearly isn't there yet.
Operator: Your next question is from Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo.
Nitin Kumar: Rick, I'm going to start off on -- hedges were a bit of a drag. I think I saw last night that you were paying almost $4 or $5 a barrel equivalent in the first quarter. As you get closer to your 1x debt target, and obviously, you're being great on the fixed-plus-variable strategy. What is the future of hedging at Devon at a strategic level?
Richard Muncrief: I think that's a question. I think it's bought on a very timely, and I want to kick it off and let Jeff close it out. But a little -- if you look in rearview mirror, obviously, 12, 14 months ago, it was a much more stark picture with the commodity tape when you're considering the pandemic. So I think a lot of companies, such as ourselves, both legacy companies actually weighed in. We had a place in defense, quite honestly. And so we ended up with some hedges that if you look in rearview mirror, you you're leaving some money on the table, so to speak.  But it was the right thing to do, we think, at the time. And kept confidence with the investment community and protect some cash flows, all sorts of things. As we look forward, obviously, it's a new world where you have much the scale that we now have as we talked about approaching 300,000 barrels of oil a day, the balance sheet shrink, all those things. We are taking a different view than what we have in the past. I think historically, both legacy companies typically like to be in that plus or minus 50% hedged level.  Time to time, it may be above that or below that to pin on the outlook. But it's where we've been thus far. But I think now it's -- with the cash flows, the balance sheet, it's a little bit of a different story. So Jeff, what would you add to that?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. No, Rick, I think, you nailed it. The only thing I would add on is, to your question is we feel really good, again, where the balance sheet is and the free cash flow generation capability sits today. So we're roughly kind of on the back half of this year, I think 40% hedged. As it relates to oil. And then as you move into 2022, I think we're more hovering around maybe 20% hedged. We feel really comfortable with those levels to just reiterate Rick's point. And so I don't think you'll see us add hedges in a meaningful way based on where we sit today and how the balance sheet.
Nitin Kumar: Great. That's helpful. There's a lot of topics on my mind, but I don't want to be a dead force. We've touched on consolidation and Devon's growing that. But I can't help but notice also, you have 5 basins right now, but 80% of the capital is going to the Delaware. And I just maybe take a different tact and ask, how do those 5 assets fit with the long-term strategy? I mean, where does the Podwer River Basin or the Anadarko fit for the long-term future of Devon right now?
Richard Muncrief: No, that's a good question. And I think right now, as we've said, we're in year 1 of the integration. Every one of the assets that we have are playing a role with the free cash flow generation focus that we have. And so -- and I think Clay even talked about it. There are some things that we're doing in the Anadarko that or test that could really change your minds also as assets and make some great returns right now with the JV that we have with Dow Chemicals.  So it's something we'll always look at, Nitin, but we feel really good with our portfolio. We feel really good with our free cash flow generation and balance sheet, and we want to be really thoughtful if we need to do additional, I'd say, portfolio optimization.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Rick, one of your largest competitors just talked about increasingly, they're going to drill the 15,000 feet lateral well. I think up until recently that most people thought only 10,000 to 12,000 is the optimum. But it seems like they are suggesting differently. So just wondering that, do you guys have a view on that? And whether that's much of an opportunity for you to improve your lateral length and improve your efficiency in here?
Richard Muncrief: Yes, I'm going to let Clay handle that one.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Paul. I would say both legacy companies have a history of 3-mile wells as well. On the WPX side, it was more in the Williston Basin. I can tell you that, that third mile sometimes was productive to the level that it should be. And sometimes, we looked at it, and we really scratched our head wondering if we were effectively draining that third mile. So I would say it was a situational analysis that we didn't move towards that as the standard. Now flipping over to the Delaware Basin, Devon has really led the industry on some 3-mile development. And what we're seeing on that side is that third mile is very productive. Obviously, very cost competitive.  And when you combine that, it shows to be really a nice accretive procedures to do. Now there's a backdrop of land. Once you organize a development for an area, it can be difficult to immediately switch from a 2 model a 3 mile. But there's a situation, we talk about synergies. This is something that will never show up in the cash flow statement, but it is an absolute synergy. So we had some wells that were on the calendar from the WPX side that were 3 miles -- a 3-mile development.  We were going to break it into two 7,500 mile developments -- or 7,500-foot developments, excuse me. And that was the plan because we didn't have the existing basis of experience in the basin that we felt confident that some of our best stuff, and we really want to risk experimenting with 3 miles here.  Once we've merged the companies, the teams come together. Now immediately, we have a couple of dozen very high quality, really good experience operations that we were able to apply to the state line area, and we flipped that to 3-mile development. So I would say, where appropriate, we feel very comfortable in the technology being able to drill that third mile is not the biggest challenge. In my mind, it's effectively stimulating and draining that third mile. And I think from the experience from the legacy Devon side, we've proven that it's very effective. So great question, and I appreciate that.
Paul Cheng: And Clay said in your portfolio that what percentage of the wells over the next several years do you think you may be able to push into 3-mile?
Clay Gaspar: I don't know the exact number, but I would put it pretty low. Like I said, we have a couple of dozen on the Devon side. We're fairly far along on the development scenario kind of a setup of some of our other areas, especially on the Texas side, kind of working towards the 2-mile development. And so I think it will be looking for those opportunities, maybe that we had a 3-mile stack or we could trade into those but at this point, I would say it's going to remain a relatively small amount of our future development. But where appropriate, it's great to have that tool in the toolbox.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. Paul, this is Rick. I may add, one of the things that our exposure in Lea and Eddy County, those are federal units and sometimes with federal units, you don't have internal hard lines. So it really sets you up nicely to drill the 3-mile lateral. So that's something that -- it's still too early for us to talk about 2022 and beyond plans. But I would say our land position is really conducive to -- in some areas to do just that.
Paul Cheng: Right. And Rick, you have touched on the consolidation trend and talk about from the position of Devon. Just curious that, I mean, the 12-month mega big difference with the much stronger share performance and commodity prices. When you talk to your peers, do you get a sense that, I mean, the consolidation trend is still alive and kicking or that everyone is sort of happy and that the demand for -- or the willingness to sell have substantially come down. So from that standpoint, the consolidation trend may be open in the meantime?
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think the consolidation -- the trend has been a little -- it's really been a little hard to draw a straight-line for it. We've seen -- just -- I'll just go back to last September, you saw 3 really attractive transactions happen back-to-back to back, and then it was pretty quiet. And then since that time, most of the transactions have been asset level deals. And I'd say in that $200 million to $800 million range, a few -- the few of those that have been done. But it's hard to have a trend. I think that as far as consolidation, you'll probably see it continue to some degree. And I think it's -- we've long said, it's probably a healthy thing for our industry. But it depends on which one of our peers we talk to.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Rick, I'd be remiss if I didn't ask Clay more about this Danger Noodle project. Yes, specifically, I mean, it wasn't just the well results, but even the cost. Clay, if you could just talk a little bit, was it just focused on the Upper Wolfcamp? And what did you guys do to continue to get those costs down there like that? And can you continue that in others?
Clay Gaspar: It's pretty exciting. Just on the cost front. We show that quarter-over-quarter trend really from back in 2018 and a 43% reduction in D&C is pretty remarkable. But it's much more -- there's so much more opportunity because if you think about those -- that particular pad, that was really drilled and completed without much of the synergies that we're talking about from the combined companies. As I look forward in the next few quarters, kind of what's happening right now, things that are being tested and blended and combined completion design is a huge opportunity, facility design, big opportunity.  Just getting the subsurface teams that have been working in relative isolation in the legacy companies in the same room, comparing notes, challenging each other, challenging that we know this because we've studied this and we studied this and studied this. Having somebody walk in and say, I see it differently. And just the ensuing exciting conversation that happens is amazing and very synergistic to itself. The 3-mile wells I mentioned, supply chain bidding strategies, the economies of scale associated with something as simple as a chemical program, can be very valuable.  Technology, what we're doing with cameras and AI watching wells 24/7, looking for those environmental opportunities for us to continue to move in the right direction. Well monitoring, thinking about how do we improve on preventive maintenance and thinking about machine learning associated with that.  And then certainly, ESG, I think Devon had a couple of years ahead, a head start on WPX, the WPX side, I think we are really trying to ramp our knowledge and I think blending that with the existing great work that the Devon side of the house has done has really supercharged that, and we're seeing wins kind of across the board. I look forward to what Rick mentioned earlier in a couple of months, being able to really more fully articulate our ESG strategy go forward.
Neal Dingmann: Great details. And then, Rick, I know it's been asked, I'm just wondering, maybe you could talk a little on just the timing, particularly looking at the Williston and the Powder, I mean, there obviously has been a pretty -- it's a pretty strong Williston sale recently. I know, WPX, you guys were pretty frank about kind of what you thought on existing locations there. But obviously, the valuation seems to have -- really has increased on that. And then secondly, looking at the Powder, there's not as much activity there recent, but there's certainly some potential big upside. I'm just wondering, is this based on sort of your free cash flow generation plan, something that you think you'd tackle this year to decide what you want to do? I mean, maybe you can just talk a little more specifics on what it would take to sort of drive decisions around that.
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think, number one, you see up in the Bakken, it's a great base of operating, and that's why you've seen the activity, and you actually see some pretty competitive transactions recently. So I think it just shows the value of the asset that we have up there. We've got a great team. And as we've always said, the margins up there and the leverage you get from an improving crude oil price really drive home cash flows. And we're seeing that day in and day out.  So it is a area. We've been very open on that, Neal, to your question. It does not have the inventory that some of our other basins do. But it is playing a very, very important role right now, and it's cranking out a lot of cash for us. So I think we need to keep it. I think the in the Powder is almost the inverse of that. We have the opportunity to be very thoughtful. We have a great position there. It's very high cut we don't have to rush. We can be very thoughtful, very strategic about that asset, and we're encouraged with some of the things we're seeing there.  And I think you're going to see more activity up there from a few of the other operators. And so we'll learn from them as well. And in the meantime, we'll keep pounding the very high return, low-risk opportunities that we have in our portfolio. So I'd say right now, it's the summary of those comments are full steam ahead of that with the portfolio we have, and we're excited about it. And as we've said, it's all about generating free cash right now.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold: Yes. And I feel like it's being beat -- it'd be pretty hard here, but on that divestiture comment, just to clarify, something like the Bakken, specifically at this point in time, if you can confirm if I'm hearing you correctly, that it really is a strong free cash flow generation assets. So it probably doesn't make sense to sell right now since you really transitioned Devon then to a free cash flow generation story. Is that what I'm hearing?
Richard Muncrief: It is.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Fair enough. Is there a point though, where that doesn't make any sense? And if that point does come, what would you all do with, say, theoretically a proceed if it were to happen, would it look like something similar to what you did with the Barnett where it would be more of a special type of scenario? Or is it just too early to kind of make that speculation?
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I think, some your questions are fine, but I think it just simply -- it's kind of just too early.
Scott Hanold: Okay. Fair enough. As a quick follow-up. If you all are running ahead of your development results and -- your performance has been outstanding. If that continues, would you guys ran in CapEx towards the end of the year to sort of mitigate your production growth? Or would you spend your capital and just see a little bit of production outperformance? So the point I'm getting to is you don't seem to have 100% confidence in the current oil market to want to grow today. But would your asset outperformance allow you to grow? Or would you stunt that a little bit in the back half of the year and save a little bit on the capital front?
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I'd just say we'll probably just stick with our capital spend. It's on track, and it's looking good. We're seeing great results, and we don't see anything at this point in time to alter our plan.
Clay Gaspar: Said another way, production is not going to be our limit. If we can make more production for the same capital, we're all for that. And so I think the big thing we stick to our capital. And you've heard that a number of times today, for '21 and make sure we're being as efficient with those investments we possibly can.
Operator: Your final question is from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Rick, to you and the rest of your team there, I actually just have 1 question, and this sort of gets back to the point of maybe looking past '21. Rick, how much time do you and the Board and the managing spend, thinking about the risk of maybe waiting too long to increase growth CapEx and the increased volumes. Is that even on your radar? Or is that just something that doesn't enter the conversation right now?
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think that's something that you'll be talking about maybe down the road. Right now, our Board has spent a lot of time just focusing on what we've talked about today, and that is positioning the company to be the leader that we are in the dividend framework that we have. And so I think our Board is very pleased. We'll watch how the equity performs. We're very bullish on our equity, and we think we're going to get rewarded for this. We certainly hope so. And so that's what our Board has been focused on. We'll have plenty of time to talk about outer years in the next few quarters. But right now, we're in a good spot.
Scott Coody: All right. Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the year and our forward-looking outlook for Devon in 2021. Throughout the call today, we'll make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website.  Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team, including Dave Hager, our Executive Chairman.  Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Scott. Great to be here this morning. We certainly appreciate everyone taking time to join us. With the merger of equals between Devon and WPX Energy now finalized, we have an exciting story to share with you about the prospects of our new company. We have definitely timed this merger well, catching the very bottom of the cycle and positioning ourselves to capture the full upside presented by the recent strengthening of macro fundamentals.  With these more favorable conditions, the team at Devon is not taking anything for granted. We are extremely focused on capturing synergies and executing our plans. We remain disciplined with our capital program, and we are delivering some very positive results well ahead of plan, even with all the disruptions driven by COVID-19, politics and recently, winter weather. We will provide an update on the impact from this Arctic storm later on, but our field personnel are doing a tremendous job fighting through these challenging conditions and meeting the energy needs of consumers in tough times like these.  Extreme weather like this is a good reminder of how the products we produce are absolutely essential to protect and improve the quality of life for society. Now for those of you who are new to our story, let's turn to Slide 3 of the presentation to briefly review the advantaged attributes of the go-forward Devon.  In January, we successfully closed the all-stock merger of equals between Devon Energy and WPX Energy in only 3 months. This is a remarkable pace to complete a transaction of this scale. And I want to thank both organizations for their dedication and efforts to reach this milestone.  Progress on integrating the merger is also off to a great start with our blended leadership team and staffs working remarkably well together. By bringing together our respective companies, shareholders will benefit from enhanced scale, immediate cost synergies, higher free cash flow and a financial strength to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through our innovative fixed plus variable dividend strategy.  Also adding to Devon's investment thesis is our attractive valuation, which I believe to be the best value available in the entire energy space. As we execute on our strategy and more evidence continues to emerge that we will be able to efficiently develop our federal acreage in the Delaware Basin, I truly expect Devon to re-rate higher.  Now jumping to Slide 5, the power of the combined company was showcased for our outstanding fourth quarter results that outperformed Street expectations. Across the portfolio, our teams are delivering results that continue to exceed production and capital efficiency targets while successfully driving down per unit operating cost and maximizing margins.  This is evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments in the fourth quarter, including our oil production exceeded guidance by 5%, driven by well performance, not higher activity. Our operating and corporate costs also exhibited sharp declines year-over-year. And importantly, these efforts translated into $263 million of free cash flow.  Now coupled with the closing of our Barnett divestiture, we generated nearly $600 million of excess free cash flow during the fourth quarter, a truly fantastic result for our organization.  Now moving to Slide 6. Devon has a long history of returning cash to shareholders, paying an uninterrupted quarterly dividend for 28 consecutive years. The combination of Devon and WPX will allow us to step up our game by implementing our fixed plus variable dividend strategy.  And with the free cash flow we generated in the quarter, I am proud to deliver on our commitment to reward shareholders with higher cash returns by declaring an industry-first variable dividend of $0.19 per share. Jeff will cover the details of the differentiating dividend policy later on, but this fixed plus variable dividend framework will be a staple of our capital allocation process, allowing us to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions.  Now moving ahead to Slide 11. The positive momentum of our business has established is also resulting in an improved operational and financial outlook for 2021. And how do I define an improved outlook? Well, it's very simple: lower breakeven funding levels and higher free cash flow generation.  Beginning with production, given the strong results we delivered over the second half of 2020, we now expect to maintain a higher level of oil volumes throughout 2021. This enhanced outlook is underpinned by improved capital efficiency compared to what we estimated at the time of our merger announcement last year.  Even after raising production expectations in 2021, our upstream capital program is coming below our previous expectations at approximately $1.7 billion, representing a reinvestment ratio of less than 70%, assuming a $50 WTI price deck. Also of note, most of the corporate capital we expect to spend in 2021 will not be repeated in 2022 or beyond. Combined with the merger-related cost synergies that Jeff will cover later on, we are effectively lowering our funding requirements in 2021 to a WTI breakeven price of $32, which positions Devon with a free cash flow yield of 13% at today's pricing.  Furthermore, on an unhedged basis and assuming year-end run rates for cost synergies, our free cash flow yield expands to greater than 20%. This free cash flow yield screens at the very top of our industry makes Devon a uniquely attractive investment proposition when compared to the record high valuations for most other sectors and asset classes in the market today.  And lastly, on this slide, while the recent uptick in commodity prices are certainly a welcome change and very beneficial to our free cash flow generation, I want to be very clear with this message. We have no intentions of adding any growth projects until demand fundamentals recover, inventory overhangs clear up and OPEC+ curtailed volumes are effectively absorbed by the world markets.  Importantly, I encourage other producers to be very thoughtful and disciplined when it comes to capital plans. High returns on capital employed, reduced reinvestment rates and free cash flow generation will determine the winners and losers in this upcoming cycle, not just top line growth. Devon will be a leader in this movement.  The final topic I would like to cover today is Devon's commitment to top-tier ESG performance. Excellence in ESG is a core value here at Devon. We believe that performance in ESG impacts every aspect of our business, both operationally and financially, including our social license to operate over the long term.  On the environmental front, Devon's top priorities will be: the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions; methane intensity rates; and the advancement of water recycling. Once we fully integrate our operations from the merger, a top line goal of mine this year is to establish quantitative targets for these environmental priorities.  In addition to these objectives, we are also sharpening our governance practices, which include initiatives to refine executive compensation to further enhance alignment with our shareholders and advance initiatives to foster inclusion and diversity within our organization. The bottom line is this: We are committed to responsible operations to advance the best interest of all stockholders.  And with that, I'll turn to -- I'll turn the call over to Clay to cover our operating highlights for the quarter. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. The strategic combination of Devon and WPX creates a powerful asset portfolio that strikes a great balance between sustainable growth opportunities and strong free cash flow generation. Given the strength of our fourth quarter operating results and 2021 outlook, we're off to a great start executing on our strategy that will drive the next phase of financial growth and strong returns for the company.  Let's turn to Slide 14, and I'll give you a brief overview of our incredible Delaware Basin position. Our world-class Delaware Basin asset is a capital-efficient growth engine for driving Devon's operational performance. As you can see, we have amassed a dominant position of 400,000 net acres of stacked pay in the economic core of the basin that accounts for about 60% of our pro forma production.  The operating scale of our consolidated Delaware footprint provides a multi-decade inventory of high-return opportunities at our current activity level. Another important point that this slide demonstrates is our position's geographic diversity between New Mexico and Texas. By having a blend of federal, state and feed lands and positions in both Texas and New Mexico, we're able to leverage the significant economies of scale and, at the same time, benefit from market diversity and navigate the evolving regulatory climate.  While we fundamentally believe that we'll be able to efficiently develop our federal acreage in New Mexico, we have proactively managed this risk by building up an inventory of around 500 approved drilling permits that cover our planned activity on federal lands for multiple years. Our forethought has allowed us to secure the necessary permits, easements and rights of way required to execute on our near-term capital program with minimal impacts to our day-to-day operations.  Looking beyond the 60-day regulatory transition, we will be highly engaged and collaborative with policymakers to ensure that we retain ability to efficiently develop our federal leases and maximize value for all stakeholders involved.  Moving to Slide 15. The fourth quarter operations results across the Devon legacy position highlight why we believe this basin to be the best resource in North America. Our oil production from this operating region continued to increase rapidly, growing 41% year-over-year. This growth was supported by 23 high-impact wells that were brought online across the Southeast New Mexico during the quarter.  While we had great results across our acreage, our activity in the Cotton Draw region, targeting the Second Bone Spring, topped the highlight list. This package of 8 wells delivered average 30-day rates of more than 4,000 BOE per day, which equates to an impressive 450 BOE per 1,000 feet of lateral length. With D&C costs averaging less than $6 million per well, the overall returns from this Bone Spring activity ranks among the very best returns Devon has ever delivered in the basin.  Turning your attention to the far right-hand side of the slide, another noteworthy trend is our improving capital efficiency. With consistent improvements throughout the year, our drilled and completed costs exited 2020 at around $560 per lateral foot. We believe these results to be best-in-class among our peers in the area.  The key drivers of this performance were optimized completion design, repetition gains and nonproductive time improvements across all phases of the value chain. I expect this positive trend of steadily improving cycle times and costs to carry into and benefit our 2021 program. Congrats to David Harris and the Devon legacy team for this outstanding set of results.  Moving to Slide 16. We also continue to build operational momentum across the legacy WPX acreage position. Beginning with our Stateline area, the key takeaway is our co-development drilling program in the Upper Wolfcamp and Bone Spring that is providing great results at a 4 to 5 well spacing per bench. The 26 wells that were brought online in the Stateline area, we continue to outpace type curve expectations with peak 30-day rates averaging around 2,300 BOE per day and the D&C costs associated with this activity improving by 44% compared to just a few years ago.  We've also made significant progress in our Monument Draw area with encouraging results at our Cathedral and Bridal Veil projects. As you recall, WPX acquired this asset from Felix about a year ago. With the 2020 slowdown in activity, we're just getting to see the results of the first WPX drilled and completed wells, and we're very pleased with these results and continue to see significant upside to the asset.  A critical subset of these projects, which co-developed the Upper Wolfcamp and the Third Bone Spring line, was a trial of a more aggressive flowback methodology, along with improved spacing and also efficient -- a more efficient completion process. The results were lower well cost and again, improved productivity.  This approach, which is similar to the techniques in Stateline, was applied to a subset of 6 Wolfcamp wells across the 2 projects. The 38 day IP rates for these wells averaged 2,300 BOE per day with 76% oil. The wellbore cleanout process has improved, and we're not seeing any geomechanical or geochemical downsides to the more aggressive flowbacks.  With these positive tests, we will continue to evolve the completion design in Monument Draw program in 2021. As we extrapolate these results, the Monument Draw will compete very effectively for capital with our Delaware Basin portfolio.  Turning to Slide 17. I will cover our other positions in our border-to-border premier oil fairway. From the WPX portfolio, the Williston Basin continues to provide phenomenal returns. We will continually -- continue our highly profitable program into 2021. In the Powder, we will continue to deliver on appraisal and leasehold objectives with a focus on advancing our understanding of the emerging Niobrara oil play.  Anadarko Basin is back to work with 2 rigs funded by a joint venture partnership. By the way, I have a long history with the Anadarko Basin. I have full confidence in Devon's ability to extract significant value from this asset with the right well placement strategy and operational excellence and where the opportunity presents some leverage through partnerships.  Finally, in the Eagle Ford, with our partner with BPX, we plan to run a 2-rig program in 2021 and jump-start our activity by bringing online 22 high-impact DUCs in the first half of the year.  Turning to Slide 18. The first key point is that our maintenance capital program is designed to optimize capital efficiency, with approximately 80% of our capital allocated to the Delaware Basin. Within the Delaware, the capital will be relatively evenly split between New Mexico and Texas, with an abundance of flexibility to reallocate capital if we see a differential economic opportunity on either side of the border, or even an unforeseen delay on federal lands.  As Rick stated earlier, the capital efficiency associated with this plan is outstanding. We expect to maintain our production at levels slightly elevated to 2020 for roughly 10% less capital on a year-over-year basis. We expect to invest about 30% of our capital -- of our 2021 capital in Q1 due to the timing of D&C activity, with some momentum rolling in from 2020. After this heightened activity for the first quarter, the capital is expected to be more ratable for the balance of 2021.  While we expect the current weather conditions to negatively impact first quarter production, we also expect the balance of the year to be relatively flat. As you can see on the right-hand side of the slide, we also continue to act with a sense of urgency to materially improve our cash cost structure in order to get the most value out of -- we can out of every barrel.  With this intense focus, we are on track to reduce LOE and GP&T costs by 8%. To achieve this step-change improvement in the field level costs, we have line of sight to meaningfully reduce our recurring LOE expense across several categories, including chemical, water disposal costs, compression and contract labor. The gains that we make in this area often act as ongoing annuities that we will benefit from for years to come.  I want to commend the production operations team that fight for these improvements every day. I also want to add some additional color on the severe weather event that's impacting a large part of the U.S. today. First, we are focused on ensuring the safety of our employees and the service company partners that work with us each day in these challenging conditions. I've talked to several of our field leaders over the last few days. And consistently, the first thing they mentioned is protecting the health and safety of people.  We also know the critical value of the commodities that we produce. Many of us, as well as our family and friends, have been personally impacted by the lack of electricity necessary to keep up with the demands associated with this intense winter storm. We're doing everything we can to safely keep production flowing to the communities that desperately need it.  As we try and quantify the impact of our -- to our first quarter production numbers, I would just say it's too early to tell. We've included some downtime in the annual numbers, but we have elected not to give first quarter guidance at this time. In the coming weeks, we'll have a much better understanding of the impact, and we'll provide additional information on the first quarter expectations.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for the financial review.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, Clay, and good morning, everyone. My prepared remarks today will focus on the progress we've made advancing our financial strategy, as well as providing some context on a few key metrics that have improved in our 2021 outlook disclosed last night.  Beginning on Slide 7 with a review of our balance sheet. Over the past 3 months, we've continued to make progress strengthening our investment-grade financial position. As Rick touched on earlier, the strong operational performance of the combined company allowed us to generate a substantial amount of free cash flow in the quarter and build an incremental $500 million of cash in the quarter.  With the benefit of this cash build, Devon possessed $5.6 billion of liquidity at year-end, consisting of $2.6 billion of cash on hand and $3 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured credit facility.  As market conditions allow, we'll look to further reduce our absolute debt level with select repurchases under our $1.5 billion board authorized debt repurchase program. Subsequent to quarter end in February, we took our initial step in this debt reduction plan by redeeming $43 million of senior notes that were due in 2022. This action completely clears Devon's debt maturity runway until the second half of 2023.  We'll have another opportunity to reduce absolute debt in the second quarter with the potential early redemption of our $500 million tranche of 2026 bonds, which become callable in June at a fixed price. With the remainder of our debt reduction program, we'll remain flexible and evaluate opportunities as we keep a close watch on interest rates and credit spreads.  Longer term, it's our firm belief that a successful E&P company must maintain extremely low levels of debt, given the volatility of our cash flows. We'll continue to manage towards our stated leverage target of 1x net debt-to-EBITDA or lower, and we've charted a pathway to get there within the next year at today's spot pricing.  Our disciplined financial model grounded on a low capital investment ratio -- excuse me, reinvestment ratio and variable dividend payout of only 50% of excess free cash flow allows us to consistently build our cash balance, reducing net debt over time and driving us to our 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target.  In addition to our debt reduction efforts, we expect to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders in 2021. Given the stretched balance sheets across the sector, many of our peers will have to reduce debt with free cash rather than returning cash to shareholders. We believe we're uniquely positioned, given our financial strength to do both.  To optimize the outcome of our cash return strategy through the cycle, we've adopted a fixed plus variable dividend framework. This cash return strategy is designed to pay a sustainable fixed dividend and evaluate a variable dividend on a quarterly basis.  The fixed component of this policy is our legacy quarterly dividend that is paid at a rate of $0.11 per share and targeted at a sustainable payout level of approximately 10% of operating cash flow at mid-cycle pricing. The variable dividend is intended to be a supplemental distribution in periods of excess free cash flow beyond the fixed dividend.  More specifically, after the fixed dividend is funded, which is the first call on our free cash flow, up to 50% of the remaining free cash flow in a quarter will be distributed to shareholders through a variable dividend.  As Rick touched on earlier, given the strength of our fourth quarter results, the Board has approved Devon's inaugural variable dividend at a rate of $0.19 per share. The remaining excess free cash flow builds upon our balance sheet and reduces our net debt, as I mentioned earlier. Once again, the variable dividend is in addition to Devon's previously declared fixed quarterly dividend of $0.11 per share. Both the fixed and variable dividend will be distributed on March 31st for a total payout of $0.30 per share.  And lastly, I'd like to wrap up my comments today on Slide 8 by covering the progress we've made capturing the merger-related synergies that are expected to drive $575 million in annual cash flow improvements by year-end 2021.  I won't go through all the details on this slide, but we have a detailed plan in place to meet this target, which includes a range of actions to achieve more efficient field level operations, lower drilling and completion costs, better alignment of personnel with go-forward business and a reduction of financing costs. To be clear, our efforts to reduce costs go beyond just dollars and cents and represent a meaningful shift in our culture to more streamlined leadership, more reliance on technical expertise and intense focus on delivering top-tier returns on our investments.  The team is acting with a sense of urgency, and we're running well ahead of plan with approximately 60% of these cost reductions already reflected in our 2021 outlook, and the remaining synergies to achieve our $575 million target have been identified and are expected to be captured on a run rate basis by the end of this year.  The value creation of these synergies are very material and impactful to our go-forward value proposition, resulting in a PV10 over the next 5 years of more than $2 billion, or roughly 15% of our market capitalization. We'll provide further updates as we progress through the year.  And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments before we open the call to Q&A.
Richard Muncrief: Thanks, Jeff. Nice job. We have covered a lot of good information today, and I'd like to reiterate a few key points. Number one, this transformative merger creates a leading U.S. energy company that possesses arguably the best value proposition in the entire E&P space.  Number two, the power of our portfolio is evident with our outstanding fourth quarter operating and financial results. Number three, the momentum that our business has established is resulting in an improved operational and financial outlook for 2021. Number four, our business is scaled to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow, and we are proud to reward shareholders with an industry-first variable dividend.  And lastly, number five, we are committed to delivering top-tier ESG performance. And we expect to establish quantitative targets for our environmental priorities later this year.  And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Rick, I wanted to get some insights regarding kind of the decision to start the variable dividend program before the merger -- for the period before the merger was closed, and just thoughts on that decision to kind of accelerate the variable dividend.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. It's a great question. I think at the end of the day, when we sit down and we look at the pro forma results for the fourth quarter, both legacy companies were so strong. We added so much cash to the balance sheet. We felt like it was a perfect opportunity to get out ahead and say exactly what we -- do exactly what we said we would do, and that's implement this variable dividend in 2021.  Now we talked to the Board level. We felt now is a great time to do it. And we wanted to make it substantial enough that it showed our leadership and showed our focus on getting cash back to shareholders, as you well know, which has been one of the -- one of the things that our industry has had pushback from. So we thought it was a great opportunity to show leadership. And so we quickly move that way.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up is, perhaps for Jeff, maybe a two parter for Jeff and Clay. Maybe, Jeff, could you help us maybe reconcile the CapEx guidance between upstream, midstream and total relative to Devon's previous commentary around a, call it, $1.7 billion sustaining kind of program?  And Clay, my follow-up there is, maybe if you could talk through the trajectory of 2021 oil volumes. I know you clipped 305 for the fourth quarter. But just maybe help us think about the trajectory over the balance of the year.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Arun, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. Yes, simply put, if you look back at the capital program that we rolled out with the merger, that was on a run rate basis. So we were -- we made the assumption that we captured all the synergies, day 1. It obviously accounted for our hedging program at that point in time and really just rolled that forward for the full year.  Today what we -- or excuse me, last night, what we've rolled out is what we actually expect the cash expenses to be, obviously, in 2021. As you would expect, as we're working through our integration, the timing of some of those synergies works their way throughout the year. So whereas we had $100 million synergy assumption at the time of the rollout as it related to capital, of course, again, that's captured here as we work our way through '21. And we've tried as best we can in the disclosure we provided last night to provide you the level of detail, to see what the cash flows and CapEx will actually look like here in this current year.
Arun Jayaram: That's helpful.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Arun, I'll answer your 2.b -- 2b question. You want to conform to the one question, one follow-up, I'll give you that. So hey, let me address. I'll throw put on a part C as well, because I think there's a question around the cadence of capital and the cadence of production.  So capital first. We have some activity rolling in from 2020 that will -- we just have more activity going on in the first quarter of 2021. And so what we articulated is about a 30% of the capital for '21 will be spent in the first quarter. We caution that even though we're not giving first quarter guidance in earnest, we want to make sure that's in your model so that we don't surprise anybody. We just have more activity in that first quarter.  Now I would say, beyond that, second through fourth, it's pretty consistent. We get to the run rate, a steady-state activity, and it's pretty consistent from there. Interestingly, production is almost like an inverse.  First quarter, we've got a couple of things happening. Remember, we only have a partial quarter for the WPX production. Don't forget that. And then secondly, this weather impact will hit us in the first quarter. We don't have a good number on that yet. But both of those things will weigh on the first quarter total production numbers.  Now beyond the first quarter, and when you think about the full year guidance, second through fourth are pretty steady state, once again. So we're going to have some disruption in the first quarter. We'll tell you a little bit more about that in the coming weeks. But I would say second through fourth, beyond that, we're pretty much in a steady-state environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs & Company.
Brian Singer: My first question is with regards to the capital plan. And I think, Rick, you were very clear in saying that the capital plan, you're going to look very closely before reconsidering, based on demand fundamentals, inventories and OPEC+ curtailed volumes and making sure that those are absorbed in the market.  And I wanted to follow-up to ask if this means that the capital budget that you've announced today is firm until the above or until those three boxes are checked, or if there is flexibility within the 70%, 80% reinvestment rate framework to move activity around?
Richard Muncrief: No. I think those sort of boxes are checked. I think you have it captured well. And Brian, we are going to be very disciplined. I know that we're all excited about the strengthening commodity price, but we're not back on demand where we need to be. And I think you see that in the strip. We're in the upper 50s on WTI today, but you lose about $10 a barrel over the next 2 to 3 years. So I think we just need to keep that in perspective. And we will keep that in perspective, and we'll stay disciplined.
Brian Singer: Great. And then my follow-up is with regards to how you're allocating capital between New Mexico and Texas within the Delaware Basin. You highlighted the 500 permits on federal land that you think can last 4 years.  And I wondered if you could add more color on the ability and risks to execute on those 500 permits, which -- and particularly if there's other permits needed, and whether you're getting those more midstream or other permits beyond the drilling permits.  And then how you could see the capital allocation relative to an even split between New Mexico and Texas changing, depending on what comes out from the federal government.
Richard Muncrief: You bet. Brian, I'll start and then I'll pass it off to Clay for a little more color. But at the highest levels, we feel very optimistic that you're going to see the resumption of permits, sundry notices, all these things get back into play in the next month or so, maybe two months. But for sure, the next month.  And as you've mentioned, we do have a backlog of permits. We do have a number of pads that have already been constructed, pipelines. The infrastructure has been laid to that. So we feel -- we feel confident in that we'll be able to go to our planned capital activity.  Now should we be surprised? That's why we wanted to illustrate the really, really strong results in our Stateline activity that we had in the fourth quarter, with some of the Bone Springs and the Upper Wolfcamp results. The same with Monument Draw. We saw some great performance and excess -- that drove our outperformance on the WPX side, if you look at it from that perspective.  So we feel very good about where we're at. We keep lines of communication with, certainly, the leadership in the state of New Mexico. As you know, New Mexico is a state that we know pretty well. Devon has operated in there for nearly 50 years.  And personally, as I've shared with many of you on the call, I live about half of my life in the state of New Mexico. I was educated there. My family was raised there. My wife was a school teacher there. We have a lot of relationships there. So I think that we have a pretty clear picture of the reality that will happen. And so we remain confident, Brian. So with that, Clay, you have some more color you want to add?
Clay Gaspar: I think that was well said. The only thing I would add, Rick, is I think it's our job to be nimble and proactive when it comes to whatever storms are ahead of us that's weather-related, political-related, however it is. And so I think the work, specifically on the Devon legacy side to get ahead of this storm, is a perfect example of that.  We can only speak to what we know today. We have a 60-day pause in leasing. We have responded very well. I can tell you from that perspective, we're in really good shape. And I can tell you, we are ready to roll with the punches on whatever comes our way. I mean, we have a -- I think back to Phillips Brooks, the 17th century scholar, we don't pray for lighter load, we pay -- excuse me, pray for a stronger back. That's kind of the job that we're in. So keep rolling.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate all your remarks today from Rick and your team. Rick, I've got 2 questions. I wanted to pick up on a comment you made, something we care very deeply about, which is you expect Devon to re-rate. I wanted to put it to you that the multiple is the output of 2 inputs, which is capital efficiency and portfolio debt. So my questions are basically on those 2 things. Those are the 2 things, I guess, you can control.  So when I look at Slide 8, you've given an update on progress and the synergies. I'm just wondering how you see the risk to those numbers going forward as you've got chance to really peel back the layers of the combined company. That's my first question.  My second question is maybe to Clay. You talked about decades of drilling inventory at the current pace. So I wonder if you could break that down for us by basin and specifically speak to the future of the Bakken and the portfolio. I'll leave it there.
Richard Muncrief: You bet, Doug. Great questions. As far as the synergies, we feel very, very good. We felt confident on the merger rollout. We feel even more confident today than we did then. And so I hope that everyone is hearing that.  We already have -- and Jeff, I think, talked about it in some of his prepared remarks, and you may ask him to weigh in as well if I miss something. But at the end of the day, we've captured quite a few of the synergies already and have that built into our 2021 forecast.  And so Doug, we feel very good about it. And I don't want investors to underestimate our focus on that, and our diligence on that -- something this management team is highly focused on. So Clay, you want to talk about the capital?
Clay Gaspar: Sure. The inventory. Yes, Doug, I think the -- as we think about the inventory and how we're investing today, I feel very confident in our ability to run in perpetuity in the Delaware Basin. We talk about a certain amount of high-quality inventory. And I think, rightfully so, the investors only have a certain view of how far they can go out.  What I want to articulate is that we feel very confident in that solid next decade of opportunity. And also know that we're continuing to refine those opportunities for years 11, 12 and beyond.  This is the basin that keeps on giving. This past quarter, some of the splashiest, most exciting news was around the Second Bone on the Stateline side. And I can tell you, that's just -- that has been something that we've been evolving over the last couple of years. It's not fully baked into our forward look.  But I can tell you, just the upside associated with that is tremendous. I'm fully confident on the North side, the same opportunity holds as we move a little bit down structure into the Wolfcamp opportunities.  As we talk about other basins, Doug, I know you're -- there's a lot of people new to the WPX side of the story again, but we've never shied away from the fact that we have a quantifiable amount of inventory in the Williston Basin. It has been a tremendous asset for WPX, a huge amount of our growth high, high-quality operations and results. But at end of the day, we're going to run one rig because, for a reason, we have only so much inventory remaining.  Now what happens with that asset and what happens with the other assets, it is way too early for us to tell. I'm really excited about some of the real exciting things, basins that I'm kind of looking at for the first time in a few years and kind of some of the opportunities there. So we'll see how we can roll it out over the coming quarters on more information there.
Richard Muncrief: Doug, one thing I'd say also is the, if I might add, is just the diversity we have throughout our portfolio. Not only are we just over 50% crude oil, but we have a strong leverage to natural gas and natural gas liquids. And so when we talk about diversified, not only is it just a multi-basin opportunity, but it's also a multi-commodity issue. And I want to make sure that we cover -- get that covered.
Doug Leggate: Maybe just to kind of get to the punchline. The $32 breakeven has already been trending a little lower, Rick. I'm just wondering if there's additional downside potential for that breakeven. I guess that's really the summary question I was trying to get.
Richard Muncrief: Okay. I think there's always going to be the things where we try to lower that breakeven, Doug. And so we have -- I want you to know, we've got a very focused team here and creative team. And I do think there's some upside to that breakeven down in the upper 20s.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: I hope everybody is managing okay with 50s freeze out there. My first question is for Rick. It's on the reinvestment framework. We know that the "up to 50% payout of the excess free cash flow," that's got certain criteria attached to it related to the balance sheet and the macro. And one of the criteria is strong leverage.  And I know a lot of things can happen, and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but I guess we are here. But at strip pricing, Devon gets down to its 1x leverage goal within a few years. And even if you do around the max payout, you're still left with sufficient cash after all of that. So if this scenario ends up playing out, is there a next evolution of your corporate strategy, such as revisiting the max 50% payout or moving to additional buybacks? Or would you rather reduce leverage further beyond the 1x just to be conservative?
Richard Muncrief: Yes, Jeanine, those are good questions. And that is the beauty of Devon today, is we're sitting on -- we're generating a lot of free cash. We're sitting on a lot of cash. We have no near-term debt maturities. As Jeff said in his prepared remarks, we have a good plan of retiring debt over the next couple of years, so we'll be focused on that.  To the extent that we pay out up to 50% on the variable dividend, we reduced our debt, we keep moderate growth. Recall, we've laid out a cap of 5% growth on the oil production. I think if all those line up and we still see that we're generating incremental free cash, we'll certainly revisit all those things. But first things first, I think we're excited about implementing the variable dividend. We're excited about being proactive and are paying down debt. We're excited about the free cash flow that we're generating with this amazing team on these amazing assets. So, Jeff?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine, the only other thing I would add is, Rick hit all the right points. If we get into that situation, not only will we reevaluate the upper limit of the variable dividend target, but I think you'll also be thinking about growing your fixed dividend. We want to make sure we maintain that at a sustainable level, kind of in a normalized price environment. But that would be another lever we could pull, was to start thinking about the growth of the fixed dividend component and then thinking about the upper end on the variable as well. And then, again, I would marry that with -- we would certainly talk to the Board about buybacks if the opportunity presented itself.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. My second question maybe is for Clay, and it's following up on Doug's question just now on deal synergies. I know not much time has passed since the deals closed. But where do you see the most potential upside on additional synergy capture?  Do you think it's more on the D&C side of things? Because we noticed that the legacy WPX well costs were down meaningfully. Or do you think it's more in the netback improvement bucket?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeanine. As I think about the synergies, some of the things I'm most excited about is just we are just now blending teams. I mean this week, we are finalizing a lot of the organizational structure, and these teams really have yet to kind of sit around even the virtual table together, look each other in the virtual eyes and say, okay, how do we share these best practices.  Some of the observations from the folks that have been working and on -- really on task, I would say some of the application of the WPX completion techniques and efficiencies are very applicable to the Devon side of the house. And I think some of the casing design, drilling efficiencies on the Devon side of the house are very applicable to the south side of the border.  And so there are some immediate things that you have to try, you have to work through these. But there's things we're experimenting with in real time. I think on the supply chain side of the organization, I would characterize Devon as exceptionally good at understanding contracting strategy and have done some really innovative things around the contracts in the business side of supply chain.  I would say on the WPX side, the engineering side of the house has done a good job of understanding those contracts and bringing out the most appropriate value. And as you can see, those two things coming together will really materialize into additional value. So I'm excited about the D&C, the capital synergies that we have ahead of us. I'm also excited, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, about some of the things that are kind of more annuitized payments like LOE and GP&T. We're starting to see some early wins there. We're a long way down the road on some of the G&A savings.  And of course, we've talked about those being fully baked in, really starting early '22. But you'll see a lot of that manifest during the course of '21. So really excited about where we're going, and we're just getting started.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Downey with Citigroup.
Brian Downey: Clay, I was curious if you could dig in more on the -- your comments around the aggressive flowback methodology you mentioned in the legacy Felix portion of the Delaware Basin. I'm curious, thought process there, given I believe you're actually testing a slowback strategy there a year or so ago. What has been the findings to date? And is that something you'll apply in other areas? And I guess, lastly, is that a strategy that will be at all dependent on your view of absolute commodity price or shape of the forward curve as we think about initial production rates versus the production curve there?
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Brian. Yes. Certainly, all of these things are dependent on the macro environment: well cost, service cost environment, commodity price certainly plays into the overall economic decision. And that's how we make these final decisions, is how do we generate the most dollar to the bottom line.  I think it's broader. As I think about what we call Monument Draw, the Felix assets, it's broader than just a more aggressive flowback. I think we tend to use a little bit of terminology that's kind of easy to convey in these calls, but it's bigger than that. We have a little different completion strategy. Spacing is incredibly important. And then also, how do we manage the facilities and the ability to flow back more aggressively?  If you might recall from the Felix acquisition a year ago, we were very open to understanding their slower back strategy in how that creates incremental value. But we are also very clear, we're going to explore different options on all of these techniques to really kind of get to what is the best of.  We were slowed down during 2020, as you can imagine, with the slowdown in activity. And so we've had a delayed response to the first of some of these trials. Now what I'm saying is that we are seeing incremental gains, both on the cost side of the equation and the productivity side of the equation that are yielding much better returns. And this is still very early.  So if I think about absolute returns today, Monument Draw versus Stateline, Stateline's ahead. But the trajectory for Monument Draw is very, very favorable. And what I said in my prepared remarks is I fully expect it to compete head-to-head with the best of in our Delaware Basin portfolio. So really excited about the direction we're added there and the work that the team's done, boots on the ground.
Brian Downey: And your point about the facilities, does that impact at all the capital spend? Like is there any benefit of the flowback strategy beyond the initial production rate?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Again, all of that comes into play. How you design your facilities maybe for efficiency, maybe you need to scale them up, maybe you can combine with multiple wells on a pad. Those are all things. I mean, even direct flowback, straight bypassing tanks into the markets, into the oil lines, the gas lines and to the water disposal. Those are all things that we're exploring right now to bring out those dollars, both from the capital side. And of course, you don't want to give up on the productivity side. And so we're very cognizant of that at the same time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo.
Nitin Kumar: First of all, I want to just congratulate you on delivering on the promises you made on what we call Shale 3.0. Rick We talked a little bit about, and you've addressed the federal acreage issue. I'm going to use Clay's words, you are -- your job is to look a bit the strongest ahead. The regulatory environment is changing. There are other things.  Can you maybe talk a little bit about what else you see out there and how you're changing the operations of the combined company to address things like the DAPL issue or flaring or taxes and things like that?
Richard Muncrief: Sure. I would say that, as Clay mentioned, we are just now getting our teams together and having some real meaty discussions about future opportunities over and above what we've laid out from the synergies. Let's -- in the merger.  I will say, go down the list there, with DAPL, we feel that as you recall, we had -- made sure that we would not be impeded in any way. We did take out a 1-year rail agreement to handle some of the smaller percentage of the total volumes that we have up in the Williston. That's -- that gives us an added protection.  I do think that there is probably more upside. I think the market is priced down -- mostly downside, and I think that that's somewhat overbaked. I think that when you really think about the efficiency of DAPL getting the crude oil to the markets in a very efficient way, very safe way, very environmentally friendly way, I tend to believe that the new administration will see it the same way. So we'll see it all plays out.  As far as some of the other things, I can tell you that flaring is something that -- we'll touch on that for just a moment. We continue to try to drive down flaring even more. I think that the legacy Devon had done a good job with WPX. We were a little bit more challenged, quite honestly, up in the Bakken, but we've made some great progress there.  You'll see that some of the incremental midstream dollars we plan to spend this year, a direct result some of the phenomenal results we saw in the Stateline area. And what we saw, the reality was we started bumping up against some of our systems' capabilities. And if you didn't watch it, you'd end up flaring more. We don't want to do that. And so we're getting out ahead of that.  But Nitin, I think what you'll see, certainly, Clay and his teams are going to be very, very focused on what you're bringing up. You'll hear more of that as we go throughout the future. But it's something that's very, very important to us.
Nitin Kumar: Great. And Rick, you always looked forward, I remember when you were at WPX, you had looked forward to the midstream issues, the basin had and kind of planned ahead for it. The other topic is ESG, and I appreciate your comments earlier on the different pillars there.  But is there an opportunity for the new Devon, given your balance sheet, given your footprint and -- to create any opportunity out of that? And I'm thinking about any lines of business or revenue streams down the road that you could participate in.
Richard Muncrief: Nitin, that's something that we actually -- our senior leadership team, had our first combined strategy session, where we thought about just those opportunities. And a bit more to come on that, but it's something that we're spending quite a bit of time evaluating the true opportunities, the true threats around the energy transition that we hear a lot about.  So we want to be thoughtful. We want to be very good stewards of our capital that we have, the cash flows that we have. And -- but I think that's something you'll hear us -- more dialogue from our team as we go forward. We are going to be very thoughtful in our approach.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotia Bank.
Paul Cheng: Two question, please. I think the first one is for Jeff and Rick and the second one is probably for Clay. Historically, that -- the E&P sector, the balance sheet is weak and they spend too much money. So everyone is evolving with a lot of hedging.  As Devon today, with a much stronger balance sheet, much larger scale and a very low breakeven requirement, do we really need to have the hedging program? I mean, long term, this doesn't really create value since no one can predict the future.  And yet if you want re-rating from the long-only accounts, could it be possible that by not having the hedging, it will simplify and make it easier for the long-only account to understand and analyzing the company and make it more easy for them to invest? So that's the first question.  The second question relates to the Powder River Basin, that for this year, you are looking at appraisal and derisking. So Clay, can you maybe share with us that. What is the time line and what type of program we could see for the Powder River Basin and in the Niobrara over the next, say, 3 to 4 years?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Paul, this is Jeff. I think I'll take your first question on the hedging. Philosophically, we haven't changed our view, which is, for some time now, we believe it's incredibly important to use both the balance sheet and our hedging program to maintain our financial strength.  We think it's important for all of our investors to try to minimize the volatility that we see in our cash flows on a quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year basis. It allows us to, frankly, plan and manage our operational activity and maintain and sustain a pretty consistent level of activity, which I think Clay would tell you, is really important in the day-to-day operations of our business.  And so we -- philosophically, we like to think about having roughly 50% of our cash flows hedged in any one given year. That's where we sit right now, just to give a recap on where we sit on both oil and gas today.  We're just below 50% for 2021 and just over 50% on natural gas for 2021. As you look ahead into 2022, we do have some hedges in place, but that's less than -- roughly around 15% of our position is hedged at this point on both commodities.  As you know, Paul, we typically use our systematic program to be in the market on a month-to-month basis and layer in hedges at market. And then we layer on top of that, hedges with our discretionary program as we see different opportunities arise in the market.  So I don't think you'll see us change from that tactic in the near future. We certainly recognize that with commodity prices moving higher, it's a real benefit. But we think it's important to try to limit the amount of that volatility that we see in our cash flows on a go-forward basis. Clay?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Paul, I'll take your second question in regards to Powder River. What I could tell you is I've personally worked the Powder, worked at Eagle Ford, worked the Anadarko Basin over the years. And what I'm very strongly trying to do with a lot of discipline is not let my view from 10 or 15 or 20 years ago kind of overshadow what's the current state of what's going on.  What we have right now is such an incredible opportunity. We're going to have fresh eyes on all of these assets. And so to really take a fresh look at what's the opportunity ahead, how do we fund that, how do we maximize the value to shareholders with this incredible footprint, and know that we're a 0% to 5% growth company, we are cash flow generators, and that is kind of the overall structure and drive of the organization.  So I would say it's a little early. My views are a little bit dated. And that team, I think, has a lot of opportunity ahead. And the doors are wide open to whatever we see as the most viable economics for our disciplined capital allocation program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Nice job so far, Rick. My question, Clay, for you looking at -- looking at that Slide 14, obviously, the massive acreage. Could you talk a bit about you've now got that massive footprint. Could you talk about cadence as you approach not only this year, but how you sort of see that maybe even 2, 3-year plan?
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Neal, I'll reference back to my comments on -- to Paul on the last question. it's hard to predict 2 to 3 years from now. I don't want to let my bias coming in. I understand the south side of the acreage a lot better than I do the north side of the acreage.  We have fresh sets of eyes on the north side. On the south side, we have teams that are that are working together to share those best practices. And the big message for the investors is we have lots of flexibility. I fully expect, as we've articulated, the initial guidance would be 80% of our capital, relatively equally split north side of the border, south side of the border.  I would wager that by the end of the year, we will see differential economic opportunities, either drawing money to the north or to the south, that will influence that. But I just can't tell you today, which one of those economic opportunities are going to prevail.  And I think it'd be presumptive on my part to do so. So I look forward to the team's diving in. We've got a lot of flexibility, a lot of optionality, and we will make the most of that without prior prejudice. So thanks for the question.
Neal Dingmann: Yes. And then one last follow-up if I could. Just you guys, I know I'm trying to think of WPS, how long ago this was maybe a year or two, you did that great right of way deal that you added some -- just key right of ways. And I believe that could continue to be potential with the new administration initiative. Could you talk about how you and Rick, not only just pure infrastructure, but your thoughts about just your right-of-way excess ability going forward?
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Neal, what you're talking about is our surface acreage acquisition, it was a $100 million deal a couple of years ago when we basically bought a significant chunk of land under our most viable subsurface acreage. And the logic there was we wanted to make sure to preserve our optionality to fully develop this asset.  We could see a third-party coming in and just kind of squeezing us from a surface side. This is such a beautiful, contiguous operation from roads, from pipes, from electrical infrastructure. And then whatever -- however we decide to leverage that go forward, I can tell you that $100 million investment has paid out in spades.  And we have really been pleased with that -- I can't say that too many more of those opportunities exist. Stateline is a pretty unique 50,000 to 60,000 acre big continuous block. And so that was a pretty unique situation. But where those one-off opportunities, we'll continue to present and we'll evaluate and remain good stewards of the shareholders' investment.
Richard Muncrief: Neal, this is Rick. As you recall, we did have some questions about why -- when capital was tied, we want to lead in on that $100 million investment. And I think it just played into our strategy of getting out ahead of potential challenges you may have in the future.  So that's something you'll continue to see us do. We're -- we expect to be questioned sometimes on a little more clarity on some of the capital. But we think we've established a pretty good track record of being very prudent with our capital spending.
Scott Coody: All right. Well, I see that we're at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to a member of the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the third quarter and updated outlook for the reminder of the year. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Also joining me on the call today are Dave Hager, our President and CEO; David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and the risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hager: Thank you, Scott and good morning. We appreciate everyone taking the time to join us on the call today and for your interest in Devon. For the purpose of today’s call, my comments will be centered on three key points, our outstanding third quarter results, our improved outlook for the remainder of the year and the benefits of our recently announced merger with WPX. On Slide 7 of our earnings presentation, I’ll begin my prepared remarks by covering a few key highlights from our outstanding third quarter results. Across the portfolio, our teams are responding to a challenging operating environment by delivering results that continue to exceed production and capital efficiency targets, while successfully driving down per unit operating costs and maximizing margins. This is evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments in the quarter, including oil production exceeded midpoint guidance by 6,000 barrels per day, complimented with capital spending that was once again below forecast. Furthermore, we continue to expand margins through improvements in our cost structure, headlined by operating expenses of 8% below guidance and G&A costs are reduced 30% year-over-year. With this strong operational performance, we generated $223 million of free cash flow in the quarter. And just after quarter end with the closing of the Barnett transaction, we paid out a $100 million special dividend. All in all, the third quarter is an excellent one, both operationally and financially, as we executed a very high level on every single strategic objective that underpins our business model. This strong performance is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team. And I want to thank our employees for their continued commitment to excellence. Moving to Slide 11. With the strong results our business has delivered to date, we’re now raising our outlook for the remainder of 2020. Not surprisingly, this improved outlook is underpinned by the outstanding well performance we are experiencing in the Delaware Basin. And as a result, we are now increasing our full year oil guidance for the second consecutive quarter. Looking specifically at the upcoming quarter. We now expect our oil production to average 148,000 to 153,000 barrels per day a 7,000 barrels per day improvement versus prior guidance expectations. Importantly, we’re delivering this incremental production with $30 million less capital compared to the revised budget we issued earlier this year. We also continue act with a sense of urgency to materially improve our cash cost structure in order to get the most out of every barrel we produce. With this intense focus, we are on track to reduce LOE and GP&T costs by approximately $0.50 per unit or 6% compared to our previous expectations. To achieve this step level improvement and field level costs, we have meaningfully reduced our recurring LOE expense across several categories, including chemical and disposal costs, compression and contract labor. We have also taken steps to streamline our organization’s corporate cost structure. This is clearly demonstrated by our G&A expense trajectory improving by around $35 million compared to the revised budget. And we expect to achieve a $250 million G&A run rate target by year-end. Turning briefly to Slide 13. The positive impact from higher volumes, better capital efficiency and strong cost discipline is resulted in increasing amounts of free cash flow in 2020. Including the proceeds of the Barnett Shale divestiture that closed on October 1, we are on pace to generate around $900 million of free cash flow this year. This is a tremendous accomplishment given the incredibly challenging conditions we have faced this year. And importantly, with this excess cash flow, we have rewarded shareholders with higher dividend payments. Turning your attention back to Slide 3 of our presentation. I’d like to cover the strategic rationale underpinning our recently announced merger with WPX. This groundbreaking transaction announced on September 28, represents the first true merger of equals within the E&P space in nearly two decades. This strategic combination of Devon and WPX is transformational, as we unite our complimentary assets to create a leading unconventional oil producer in the U.S. with an asset base underpinned by a premium position in the economic core of the Delaware Basin. By bringing together our respective companies, shareholders will benefit from enhanced scale, immediate cost synergies, higher free cash flow and the financial strength to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through an industry first fixed plus variable dividend strategy. Additionally, the low premium stock for stock combination underscores our confidence that this transaction will allow shareholders of both companies to benefit from synergy realization and the powerful upside potential associated with our financially driven business model. The path to completing this merger is progressing well. We received HSR clearance last week, S-4 proxy will be filed within the next few days and both companies plan to hold shareholder votes around year end to finalize the merger. Integration plans are also underway, led by a transition team, comprised of senior leaders from each company. In addition to ensuring a seamless transition, the team is also tasked with capitalized on the synergies and operational efficiencies that contribute to the significant upside of the combined company. Moving to Slide 4. The value of our merger with WPX lies not only in the power of our enhanced scale and strong financial position, but also in how we will manage our company in the future. As I have mentioned many times in the past, with a commodity business such as ours, any successful strategy must be grounded in supply and demand fundamentals. We understand the maturing demand dynamics for our industry and recognize the traditional E&P growth model of the past is not a viable strategy going forward. To win in the next phase of the energy cycle, a successful company must deploy a financially driven business model that prioritizes cash returns directly to shareholders. Devon is an industry leader in its cash return movement and with this highly disciplined strategy, we’re absolutely committed to limiting top-line growth aspirations to 5% or less in times of favorable conditions, pursuing margin expansion through operational scale and leaner corporate structure, moderating investment raise to 70% to 80% of operating cash flow, maintaining extremely low levels of leverage to establish a greater margin of safety and returning more cash directly to shareholders through quarterly and variable dividends. I believe these shareholder friendly initiatives that underpin our cash return business model will transform Devon from a highly efficient oil and gas operator to a prominent and consistent builder of economic value through the cycle. With the extreme price volatility we have recently experienced, I do want to provide a few preliminary thoughts on 2021. While it is a bit too early to provide any formal guidance, I want to be clear that our top priorities are to protect our financial strength, aggressively reduce costs and protect our productive capacity. We believe we can accomplish all these objectives in the current operating environment. In fact, with our strong hedging position and pro forma cost structure, we can fund our maintenance capital program at an ultra low breakeven level of $33 WTI pricing, if not lower with the leading edge results we are achieving in the Delaware. We will provide more formalized guidance for 2021 upon completion of the merger with WPX, but we will remain mindful of commodity prices, nimble with our capital plans and we will invest responsibly to protect shareholder value during this time of uncertainty. And finally, on Slide 5, another critically important component of Devon’s business model is our commitment to delivering top tier ESG performance. Doing business the right way has always been a focal point for Devon and predates the growing focus on ESG that has taken off in recent years. We believe the strong ESG performance – strong performance in the ESG space is essential and impacts every aspect of our business operationally and financially. As with all other aspects of our business, our focus is to control what we can control, while providing energy the world needs and we take pride in fulfilling this need in a reliable and responsible manner. As such, our top environmental priorities include eliminating routine flaring, reducing emissions, and advancing water recycling. In addition to these environmental objectives, we strive to cultivate an inclusive and diverse workplace where broad experiences and fresh perspectives can sharpen our competitive edge. From a governance perspective, we are proud of the combined company where we’ll have a strong, diverse and independent board committed to responsible operations to advance the best interest of all stakeholders. The bottom line is we are committed to these principles, which is underscored by the inclusion of ESG performance as a key measure in our compensation structure. So in summary, I want to emphasize, as a Go-Forward Devon has all the necessary attributes to successfully navigate and flourish in today’s environment, and to create value for many years to come. Our shareholder-friendly strategy is designed to result in attractive returns and free cash flow yields that will compete with any sector in the market. The combination of our top tier asset portfolio, proven leadership team and disciplined business model offers a unique investment proposition in the E&P space. And with that, I’m going to turn the call over to David Harris to cover a few of our operational highlights from the quarter.
David Harris: Good morning, everyone. As Dave touched on, Devon’s operations are hitting on all cylinders as we have repeatedly delivered best-in-class results over the past several quarters. Turning your attention to Slide 8 of our earnings presentation, our world-class Delaware basin asset is the capital efficient growth engine driving Devon’s operational outperformance in the third quarter. With our capital activity, almost exclusively focused in the Delaware, our high margin production continued to rapidly advance growing 22% on a year-over-year basis. During the third quarter, our operated activity consisted of nine drilling rigs and three dedicated frac crews resulting in 32 new wells commencing first production. With most of these completions weighted towards the back half of the quarter, only 14 of these new wells meaningfully impacted production totals in the third quarter by attaining peak production rates. Overall, initial 30-day production rates from these 14 wells average an impressive 3,900 BOE per day of which greater than 65% was oil. And those Wells collectively rank among the very best results we have delivered today in this world-class basin. While we had great results across our Delaware basin acreage position in the quarter, new well activity was highlighted by the record setting well productivity from our Cobra project in Lea County. This two wells three mile lateral development targeting the XY sands in the upper Wolfcamp achieved average 30 day rates of approximately 7,300 BOE per day or 475 BOE per 1000 feet of lateral. These wells drilled in the deepest part of the basin or the longest wells drilled in the history of the Delaware by measured depth and are the highest rate Wolfcamp wells, we have brought online to date at Devon. Importantly, the capital cost for the Cobra project came in nearly 20% below our pre-drill expectations. Our result that Cobra is another example of the industry leading performance we have consistently achieved in the Delaware over the past few years. This performance reflects the quality of our acreage and our technical understanding of the subsurface that allows us to identify the best landing zones. Furthermore, with the experience of drilling hundreds of horizontal wells in the basin, our results are aided by understanding parent-child dynamics, appropriate well spacing per development and customize completion designs to optimize results. I am confident we can continue to deliver this differentiated well productivity in the Delaware going forward. Our large contiguous stack pay position in the economic core of the play provides us a multi-decade inventory opportunity. And we have a deep inventory of approved federal drilling permits in hand that essentially cover all of our desired activity over the next presidential term. Turning your attention to the left-hand of Slide 9 in addition to strong well productivity, another key highlight for the quarter is the substantially improved drilling and completion cost results we’ve achieved in the Delaware basin. This is evidenced by our drilled and completed costs reaching $560 per lateral foot in the third quarter, a 40% improvement compared to 2018. These results are absolutely best-in-class among our peers. The key drivers of this performance are the continual optimization of drilling and completion designs, along with repetition gains from drilling two-mile Wolfcamp wells and non-productive time improvements across all phases of the value chain. These are truly special results. And I would like to congratulate our operating team for this outstanding accomplishment. However, we are never done improving in based on leading edge results, we expect our steadily improving cycle times and costs to provide a capital efficiency tailwind into 2021. Shifting your attention to the right-hand portion of the slide, we have also done a lot of good work to expand our margins by lowering per unit operating costs by 26% since 2018. One of the most meaningful sources of cost improvement is the scalable infrastructure we have proactively built out. We have nearly all of our oil and produced water connected the pipes to avoid the higher expensive trucking, and is also a major positive from a safety and an environmental perspective. Looking specifically at our water infrastructure, we are fully integrated with nine water recycling facilities, 40 operated saltwater disposal wells, and connections to several third-party water systems. This operating scale and flexibility allows us to source more than 90% of our operational water needs from either recycled or brackish water at costs that are well below market rates. This strategic infrastructure provides the advantage of avoiding the extremely high expense of trucking in the remote desert of Southeast New Mexico, which can easily exceed a couple of dollars per barrel. A few important – other important factors to our cost improvement in the Delaware are the use of leading edge data analytics that have reduced controllable downtime in the field by 12% year-over-year, as well as supply chain initiatives that leverage our purchasing power to secure services at advantage rates. The bottom line is that the hard work and thoughtful planning from our operations team and supply chain personnel positions us to capture additional savings that many of our competitors cannot. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff Ritenour for a brief financial review.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, David. My comments today will be focused on a brief review of our financial results for the quarter and the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. A good place to start today is by reviewing our financial performance in the quarter where Devon’s earnings and cash flow per share comfortably exceeded consensus estimates. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $427 million, a rebound of nearly 200% compared to last quarter. This level of cash flow fully funded our capital spending requirements and generated $223 million cash flow in the quarter. At the end of September, Devon had $4.9 billion of liquidity, consisting of $1.9 billion of cash on hand, and $3 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured credit facility. Subsequent to quarter end on October 1, our liquidity was further bolstered by the closing of our Barnett Shale divestiture. For those of you not familiar with the transaction, we agreed to sell our Barnett Shale assets for up to $830 million of total proceeds, consisting of $570 million in cash and contingent payments of up to $260 million. After adjusting for purchase price adjustments, which includes $170 million deposit we received in April and accrued cash flow from the effective date, we received a net cash payment at closing of $320 million. In conjunction with the closing of this transaction, we returned a portion of the proceeds to shareholders by way of a $100 million special dividend. This special dividend was paid on October 1 in the amount of $0.26 per share. With the excess cash inflows, our business is on track to generate in 2020. We expect our cash balances to exceed $2 billion by year end. The top priority for the large amount of cash we have accumulated is the repayment of up to $1.5 billion of outstanding debt between Devon and WPX. This debt reduction plan will provide a nice uplift to the go-forward company’s cash flow resulting in interest savings of approximately $75 million on an annual run rate basis. We expect to execute our debt reduction plan throughout 2021 with completion by year end. We’ll be mindful of macroeconomic conditions and remain flexible with how we execute the repurchases, which may include both open market transactions and tender offers. Should commodity prices to deteriorate from current levels, we’ll prioritize liquidity and defer debt repurchases to a more appropriate time. Longer-term, it is our fundamental belief that a successful E&P company must maintain extremely low levels of leverage, in accordance with this belief, we’ll continue to manage towards our stated leverage target of around one times net debt to EBITDA. Turning your attention to Slide 14 with our business scale to consistently generate free cash flow, another key financial priority for Devon is to further accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through higher dividends. However, we believe the traditional dividend growth model deployed by most U.S.-based companies is flawed when applied to a commodities business. The historical practice in industry of raising the fixed quarterly dividend and times of prosperity and cutting the dividend or under investing in the core business during down cycles is not an optimal solution. With these specific challenges in mind, we’re implementing an industry first fixed plus variable dividend framework to optimize the return of cash to shareholders through the cycle. This progressive dividend strategy is uniquely designed for our inherently volatile business, whereby a sustainable fixed dividend is paid every quarter and a supplemental variable dividend is also calculated and reviewed each quarter. More specifically, upon closing of our merger with WPX, Devon’s fixed quarterly dividend will remain unchanged and paid quarterly at a rate of $0.11 per share with a target payout of approximately 10% of operating cash flow, assuming mid-cycle pricing. In addition to the fixed quarterly dividend up to 50% of the excess free cash flow in a given quarter will be distributed to shareholders through the supplemental variable dividend, if certain liquidity, leverage and forward-looking price criteria are met. In conjunction, with this more flexible dividend payout strategy, we will also utilize a portion of the combined companies’ excess free cash flow to further improve our balance sheet and evaluate opportunistic share repurchases. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that operator, we’ll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kalei Akamine: Good morning, guys. This is actually Kalei on for Doug. I’ve got two questions, if I may. Both are related to public policy on oil and gas. So under a potential Biden administration, obviously, if there is a risk to the industry. Firstly, what’s your understanding of the potential of subsidies to the industry that could be targeted? And specifically, I’m thinking about items like IDCs or even a minimum book tax that could raise cash costs on the business. How would this change items like your breakeven and how you pursue your activity levels?
Jeff Ritenour: This is Jeff. To be honest, I don’t have a lot of specific details around any changes that the Biden administration is planning or as talked about, certainly to the extent that IDC were to be limited or changed in some way that would be impactful, certainly to our financial results and the taxable income that we would generate as a company. So that’s something, we’ll certainly, have to be on a watch for and be mindful of, but we don’t have any specific details at this point in time.
Kalei Akamine: All right, thanks. For my second question, I just like to ask for an update on your federal acreage plans. How many permits have been secured? To what date does that bring you to? And if that window – if you anticipate that window closing under a new administration, to obtain permits, what’d you think that would close?
Dave Hager: Well, I’ll start off here and David can provide detail. So I think we’ve said in our prepared remarks, so we anticipate having about 650 federal permits by the end of the year. 80% of those are going to be in the Delaware basin or about 520 federal permits in the Delaware basin by the end of the year is our anticipation. The key point of that is that covers four years of activity that we would anticipate in a Delaware basin. And that’s keeping in mind, when I say that even under the maintenance capital scenario or production overall for the company would remain flat. That means though in the Delaware basin, we would be growing our production. So that’s a level of permits that would allow production to actually grow in the Delaware basin while keeping the overall production for the company as flat. And the other thing, I’d mentioned too is keep in mind, we are very well aligned with the state here. The 40% of the revenue in New Mexico comes from oil and gas activities. And the state understands extremely well. Governor Grisham who’s on the Biden transition team understands and supports very much oil and gas activity in the state. So I know there’s a lot of discussion around this and I understand, if why, but the alignment with the state and what we do as an industry for the state to help out with other social needs that the state has is extremely important. And everyone in the state of New Mexico understands that. And so it’s a great hypothetical question, but frankly, we think most likely is that things will slowdown. But there’s not going to be a stopping of activity on federal acreage. Even if there is, we have four years worth of activity covered with the permits we anticipate by the end of the year. So David, did I miss anything there?
David Harris: No, you didn’t. I couldn’t have said it better myself. I think you’ve covered all the relevant points and agree with everything you said.
Kalei Akamine: Guys, I appreciate that answer. Maybe if I get to that follow-up for clarification, I’m just wondering if any of the 650 permits that have been secured, if they require any extensions by the federal government, because four years is obviously a long period at the time?
Dave Hager: Yes. Federal permits are issued with a two-year term and then you have the ability to extend them for an additional two years. So certainly, permits that are out would be out past that two year-term, would require us to go through the extension process. But a couple of things I’d point out to you there, we’ve never had an extension denied before. And it’s important to know that the permits are under lied by environmental assessment. That’s done as part of the permitting process and those environmental assessments are good for a period of five years. So the answer to your question is yes, but we don’t foresee many material impacts from that.
Kalei Akamine: Perfect. I appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. Another topic that’s come up here and with some of the M&A that’s happened in the Permian basin after the Devon WPX announcement is the topic of decline rates. And you highlighted the very strong well performance that you’re seeing and have been seeing in the Delaware basin. And I wonder if you could give us an update on where you see your Permian and corporate decline rate and how you expect that to evolve in 2021 in a maintenance program?
David Harris: Good morning, Brian, this is David Harris. Yes. As we’ve talked about in the past, if you – just starting with our year ends reserve report that we filed last year, if you look at those decline rates on a company-wide basis that put us in kind of a high-30s percent on an oil basis and in the low-30s on a BOE basis. As we move forward into this year and as we’ve been moderating capital, then combined with some of the fantastic work that the teams are doing from a base production perspective, which we continue to see outperform quarter-over-quarter. Our expectation is that on a company-wide basis, that oil rate would move from the high-30s to the low-30s and on a BOE basis down into the mid-20s.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up is also with regards to the Permian. On Slide 10, you talk about in some detail the various projects that you have and where and the order of completion, drilling and production they lie. And I wondered as you contemplate the WPX acquisition. And you think about where a maintenance drilling program between the two companies where you would prioritize, how would you see the Devon legacy drilling activity, evolving, how would this, the main areas that you highlight on the top left of right hand? Would you be drilling more – fewer wells there? How would you think about the prioritization in the context of having WPX assets?
Dave Hager: Well, we’re still in the process of developing a – obviously, a combined 2021 capital program. We don’t have anything specific to leg out there. But obviously, in the Delaware basin, where we’re drilling the legacy Devon wells, we’re delivering best-in-class costs for these wells. Productivity that’s as good as is about anybody out there. And obviously, even get a little bit of advantage of a lower royalty rate on federal acreage as well. And so the economics on the Devon legacy activity are incredibly strong. Probably on average, I’d say even a little bit stronger than the WPX, but the WPX is extremely strong also. And that’s why we like it. But it’s hard to talk, what you can do right here in Lea and Eddy County. And so I’d see, we haven’t gotten – we haven’t developed any sort of combined budget, but it’s – they’re both highly economic areas, probably the overall edge on an average basis would probably go to the activity in Lea and Eddy County on the federal – on the Devon legacy, Devon acreage.
Brian Singer: Got it. Great. And the last one, if I could just add one more of the $560 per foot, the cost that you achieved in the third quarter of 2020. Do you care to hazard a forecast for where that could be in 2021 in a maintenance type scenario?
Dave Hager: Well. We have been highlighting improved performance on a cost per foot basis every quarter for the last couple of years. I mean, we just continue to find ways to step that down. And to your comment about hazarding, I guess, frankly, to points to levels that I’m not sure I would’ve thought, we could get to. And so I think a lot of what we’re doing here, there is a bit of service cost inflation in there. But I would tell you in my mind, probably three-fourths of the improvement that we’re making, here over the last quarter – in the last several quarters is efficiency driven. And so we believe that’s going to be more structural. So we absolutely believe we can carry forward these levels and continue with rate of change. As we move forward into 2021, and we think that’s going to be a nice capital efficiency tailwind, and another leg to the capital efficiency story. Brian, one thing that, people will say, why are you doing this? How can you do this? Well, I’d say one of the big things that we have going for us is that we went – we were the first ones to go to 10,000 foot laterals in the Wolfcamp out here. And we admittedly, we had a few wells and at the beginning, where I’d say we stubbed our toes a little bit, they were challenging at first for us. Most industry are drilling 7,500 foot laterals. We went to 10,000. But because we went early and we figured it out and we went up – what we call a modified swim hole design, that design has turned out to be very robust and be the appropriate design that we have now stayed with for a long time. So we have many, many reputations of drilling the same type well over and over and over many more than I think that many of our peer companies out there with this particular design. And that just allows us to be further down on the efficiency curve. Now, are we done? We absolutely are never done. No way. But I think if there’s a question – this almost seems too good to be true. Why are you able to do this? I would say those are a couple of the big things, as well as allowing us to optimize our costs from our vendors when you go to that fixed design like that.
Brian Singer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Dave, my first question for you or Jeff, is to get kind of talked about a little bit, that’s really on Slide 14. And you’ve talked a lot about your thoughts about the variable dividend, but I just want to make sure I’m clear. On that Slide, you talk about that the dividend can be up to a 50% of excess free cash. I’m just wondering when deriving that or thinking about that, how should we think of that prior to that, where you want the debt level – is that once you get the debt level to a certain point, and once you have growth at a certain point, I’m just wondering how I should think about that when sort of factors in leverage and the growth?
Dave Hager: Well, I’ll start off here, and then Jeff can chime in. So what we’ve said and I’ll talk about the combined Devon WPX here, pro forma that we are breakevens for maintenance capital would be $33 WTI. And frankly, with what we’re talking about this morning, it looks like, we’re tending to drive that lower. We don’t have a new number for you today, but obviously the results that we talked about today would tend to drive that breakeven even lower. Then if you add the fixed dividend that would take the breakeven up to $37 and we’ve said that we will invest at maintenance capital levels up to around $45 per share. So we would be building free cash flow in that range. And once we get to $45 we’d mix in a combination of a little bit of growth, select growth, along with it adding to the free cash flow at the same time. And by the time, we get to $50 or so for – from $50 WTI, may I said for sure, $50 WTI, we can accomplish all of our strategic objectives of 5% growth and really strong cash flow yield. So back when we start generating free cash flow, and we think we’re in a healthy enough financial position that we can do a combination of debt pay down and the variable dividend. Now obviously, all you want to maintain some flexibility around how much we do to each. But we think we’re in a good position on both. And so we’ll make judgment calls on how we think the appropriate mixture is, but it’s not like we have to get one done before we start together. We have to have a certain level of growth before start the picks, the variable dividend policy. We anticipate once we start generating free cash, if we see an appropriate commodity price outlook, that we will start the variable dividend policy. So Jeff, can you…
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. That’s well said, Dave. But the short answer I would give you is we’re already there. So, we’ve got the cash balance. We feel like we have the strong balance sheet. And we’ve got a constructive view of the commodity price outlook that we highlighted in that step two on Slide 14. So obviously we’ve seen some weakness here in prices this week and that could certainly continue into next year. So we’ll be mindful of that. But as Dave said, in our minds with the combined company, we’re already in a position to where we can deliver cash returns to the shareholders via the fixed and the variable dividend along with accomplishing our debt reductio, target over time. So we feel like we’re there and in good shape.
Neal Dingmann: Great, great details. And then just one follow-up. Dave, you also talk a lot about – I just wanting to make sure I’m clear on this as well, around the term maintenance capital. You had a lot of efficiencies, just a lot of improvements that continue to improve what that sort of level is. On a go forward, how should we – I guess, how do you define that these days? I guess, given all the improvements you have. And how should we think about – when we think about potentially maintenance capital in-depth 2021, how should – how would you like us to think about it?
Dave Hager: Well, first off, we’re trying to use what I would consider more of a Webster’s Dictionary book, definition of maintenance capital. It’s not an optimized 2021 maintenance capital. In other words, we’re not counting on any sort of drawdown of DUC inventory in this at all. This is more of a pure how much capital do we think we need to spend, or what price WTI do we need given the capital we need to spend in order to keep production plat without any drawdown of DUCs, if we would draw down DUCs, it could be even better. And so certainly as we have accomplished better capital efficiency along with the cost synergies that we’re anticipating out of the merger that’s what’s allowing us to lower that maintenance capital significantly. I would anticipate that’s going to continue to lower through time as we continue to achieve even greater capital efficiency, more cost efficiencies. And frankly, as Brian Singer brought up earlier as our overall corporate decline rate becomes lower and outer years then the amount of capital required to maintain the production should tend lower also. So what we’re giving you is just kind of a definition of where it is just slamming together the two companies what we both defined as a maintenance capital, I think it was $950 million on the Devon side and the remainder on the WPX side. But again, the results we’re seeing today are tended to indicate that even now it’s going to be lower in 2021. But we’re not giving an exact number.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derrick Whitfield with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Derrick Whitfield: Thanks and good morning all.
Dave Hager: Good morning.
Derrick Whitfield: I appreciate your earlier comments on federal and state alignment and selection rents are certainly top of mind with investors. Regarding the 650 permits you’re expecting to have on hand at year end, did the permit comprehend any change in development approach from your current practices, including spacing, lateral length, et cetera. And as a slight build on that question, if a negative election and/or regulatory outcome were to occur, could the permit be amended at a layered time for longer laterals, if you needed to accelerate resource to conversion.
David Harris: Derrick, this is David Harris. Thanks for your question. Yes, 650 permits that we have in hand contemplate our current development strategy around the zones that we’re the most focused on and that spacing as well as giving us some flexibility for some down spacing. To your question about the transition to 3 mile laterals. Just for your background, kind of the quick rule of thumb is, if you’ve got a drilling permit in hand and you make a change, if it doesn’t result in a different level of surface disturbance, you don’t need to get a new permit. You go through, what’s called a sundry process, which is a really quick and routine process that we have. We do these from time to time, when we tweak landing zones or bottom hole locations. And so that’s the process that we would go through as we look for opportunities to incorporate more extra long lateral development into the programs. And certainly with the – not just the results we’ve seen in Cobra but the results we’ve seen over the last couple of years across the portfolio, that’s something we’re actively looking at. We’ve drilled about 30 wells across the company that are 2.5 mile laterals or longer about half of those are in the Delaware, but importantly, we’ve drilled them in all three of our other assets as well. So we’re getting increasing revs there as Dave alluded to and increasing confidence in our ability to make that a meaningful part of the program go forward. And I think you’d expect to see probably a half dozen or so 3 mile wells in the Delaware next year, and upwards of 20%, 25% that our 2.5 mile laterals or longer. So we think this is going to be an important part of our development approach going forward. We think obviously as you saw from Cobra, a big capital efficiency pickup, as we successfully execute this.
Derrick Whitfield: Got it. It’s fantastic detail. And then as my follow-up, really more broadly on integration efforts to date, as your teams have begun to work together, are you guys sensing any areas of potential synergy beyond what’s been disclosed?
Dave Hager: I think the short answer is, yes. When you get good people together and they start talking about – and I think particularly on the capital side, we’re seeing that there are going to be improvements even just from pure scale on the supply chain and what the incremental scale will provide as well as just optimizing programs as well. Yes, it’s still early days, but I can tell you, there’s a lot of excitement and enthusiasm that the synergies are not only achievable, but we’re going to see more than that. So Jeff and David, you’re even closer to it to me.
Jeff Ritenour: No, Dave. I think you hit the high points. That’s exactly right. As the teams have gotten together again, it’s early days still for sure, but already started to think about specific areas across the organizations. And I think there’s no doubt in our mind that we’ve got a lot of momentum there and should see an increase to those synergies over time in most areas.
Dave Hager: And I’ll just say philosophically, I think one of the reasons that this – we’re going to make this work so well is, it’s our whole approach to this is a more of a merger of equals. So we’re – both sides are taking the attitude that, okay, we both done well on our own, but are there some things that we can do to create a better company that are even better than either one is individually. And it’s that open-minded attitude about really not focusing on what I do great, or my company does great. It’s more about, okay, we’ve – how can we really create something that’s better than either one of us and not worried about where it comes from, whether it’s from the WPX side or the Devon side, just how can we do better? And I think there’s a lot to be said for just that mental attitude of really trying to take the best from both sides. It’s going to allow even more synergies in a situation where you just have something that’s just much more of a takeover and you don’t learn as much from the other side as you do in this type of situation.
Derrick Whitfield: That’s very helpful. All great update.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Campbell: Hi, Dave. I wanted to ask a more specific WPX question and then one broader question. With regard to WPX, it’s tended to invest elsewhere, then it’s Eddy County assets, whereas Devon has outstanding results there as illustrated on Slide 8. I was wondering if you see the potential to bring some capital to WPX’s Eddy acreage when the merger is complete.
Dave Hager: Yes. We don’t have a specific plan, but I mean, they have some outstanding acres just across the state line and an area actually called the state line area as well as their – they picked up from Felix, and in which Felix, we think – and they feel very much so – to did not optimize the development plan on that. So, yes, it’s going to compete for capital very well. I did say, I think maybe on average to Devon’s a little bit better, but the legacy results we have are a pretty high bar to meet. And I don’t know that anybody that we would look at when quite the match up to that. But that doesn’t mean that WPX is really, really good. Frankly, we did quite a bit study on those before WPX acquired both those positions. So we understand those positions pretty darn well. So David, do you want to add anything?
David Harris: No, I think that’s exactly right. Jeff, you may have been referencing some of the acreage that’s further North in Eddy County that would be kind of Northwest of Potato Basin area. Some of that acreages is operated and our understanding is, is some of its non-operated. But that would certainly be a place as we think about acreage trades and other things that we’d be looking at potential for bringing some of this extra long lateral development approach today.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, that was exactly what I was thinking about.
David Harris: Sorry, Jeff, I kind of misunderstood your question. I thought you meant…
Jeffrey Campbell: It was good color anyway, it was fine. Then my broader question is bearing in mind, Devon’s go-forward focused on free cash flow and considering the merger. Is there any part of the portfolio that’s struggling to generate free cash now? And would this be a yardstick for not only attracting capital in the future, but maybe some portfolio management longer-term? Thanks.
Dave Hager: Well, we have – as you think about it, we have three areas of generating really strong free cash flow right now. Pro former that will be generating really strong free cash flow at Baken, Eagle Ford and Anadarko basin. Obviously the biggest growth engine with 400,000 really high quality acres in the Delaware basin that’s going to be the biggest growth engine. And then you have the Rockies, it’s more of a longer term growth play. It’s not as much of a free cash flow play right now. And it’s a smaller asset. But it’s a very oily base. And we know there is very good potential in a, in Niobrara there across probably a couple hundred thousand acres or so. And our approach right now, we think is most appropriate, just take a very measured approach. We’ve drilled some Wells there. We’re learning a great deal from the wells we did about what worked extremely well and where our challenge is still lie. It’s probably an environment that is going to – it’s very oily up in the powder. It’s going to take probably $45, $50 oil to really compete effectively for economics, but there’s a lot of hydrocarbon there. So, it’s the one that’s not as strong and contributor currently, but I don’t feel – we’ll obviously look as a combined company. We neither side has been afraid to make the right decision at the appropriate time, but there’s nothing obvious because those companies have really high graded their portfolio a lot historically. And we like the asset base, that’s obviously the stage of each of them. And we understand that, we’ll look at it.
Jeffrey Campbell: Great. Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we’ve gotten through our question queue. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to reach out investor relations team at any time. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Due to an audio issue on the webcast, this replay only includes the Q&A portion of the conference call. Please visit Devon’s website for a transcript of the prepared remarks from the Devon management team.
Q - Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, guys. I don’t know if you can hear me, because the voice is breaking up pretty bad on my home. I think two questions. One, can you tell us what’s the mechanism of the $1.5 billion debt reduction since that you have no maturity? Is it going to be a tender or that you’re just going to buy from the public market? And secondly, that on the special dividend and why we are not using that money for buyback, given how cheap is the valuation the stock is currently is? Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: Hi. Yes, this is Jeff. So as it relates to the debt repurchase, the $1.5 billion that we’ve highlighted, our expectation is to do probably a mix between open market and tender. That’s going to be dependent upon market conditions. So we’re going to evaluate the maturities across the curve and where the best value sits. And then we’ll enact that as we work our way through the rest of this year and likely into next year as well. So it’s likely going to be a mixed bag. We certainly want to see interest reduction – excuse me, interest costs come down as we’ve highlighted as our new annual run rate, but we also are going to have a focus on reducing absolute leverage. So it’s going to be a balance between the two. As it relates to the special dividend, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which you all probably could not hear, the feedback from our investors has been incredibly clear. They’re looking for a continuation of cash dividends from the space and specifically from Devon. And so we think with the work that we’ve done around our cost structure, lowering our break-even, we’re uniquely positioned within the sector to provide those cash returns to shareholders. So it’s really consistent with what we’re hearing from our largest shareholders. And we’re excited to move forward with not only our quarterly dividend, but the potential for variable dividends as we move through the next couple of years and evaluate market conditions.
Unidentified Analyst: Jeff, can I just follow-up that on the debt reduction? Do you have a timeline when you think you will complete it?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. We’re certainly going to look to do some of that here over the next several months, again, as market conditions allow, and then likely, some of that will move our way into 2021 as well. So, again, it’s going to be a function of the market conditions and what we see with how the debt is trading. We’re also comfortable holding the cash on the balance sheet to the extent that the value proposition isn’t there. But the key point we want to make is that, that cash is earmarked for debt repayment. So we are absolutely expecting to continue to lower our absolute leverage over time.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on the $150 million reduction in sustaining CapEx from $1.1 billion to $950 million. Just help us think about the broad buckets that drove that pretty material decline there?
Dave Hager: Hi, Arun, this is Dave. I think David Harris is going to have some good information around that.
David Harris: Arun, this is David. Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, as you’ve noted, we’ve driven that 2021 maintenance capital level down about $150 million from our prior disclosure to a level that we think we can carry out in 2021 of about $950 million. In broad buckets, I would tell you that’s equally split between capital efficiencies we’re seeing, particularly in the Wolfcamp, as well as the impact of lower decline rates. I’d note that a lot of the production outperformance we saw this year has come from the good focus we’ve had on our base production levels and we continue to outperform from a base perspective. So those lower decline rates certainly give us a boost as we think about the maintenance capital we need to drive the business forward. And then the other half would be service cost savings that we believe we have line of sight to here just given the environment we’re in.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. Got it. How much would you view that as, call it, sustainable in the future or more permanent, David?
David Harris: Well, it’s a good question. I would tell you, as I’ve told you in the past, I mean, we always look to try to make all of this as sustainable and as permanent as we can. Certainly, here, in this part of the cycle from supply-cost perspective, we’ve seen some pretty material reductions. We believe we can capture that. We haven’t baked a lot of that, that we don’t have line of sight to and going forward. So I think it’s consistent with what we think we’re going to see here over the next 12 to 18 months.
Dave Hager: Arun, I might just add that we’ve even seen some service cost reductions beyond what we’ve built into this at this point. So we’re not building all of the leading-edge cost reductions that we have into this $950 million.
Arun Jayaram: Great. I guess, my follow-up was just on – I appreciate the disclosure around your federal permit backlog in both the Delaware and the PRB. My understanding is that the permits are valid for two years and you can get up to a two-year extension on those. How, call it, automatic are the – is that extension process?
Dave Hager: Arun, you’re correct. Our federal permits have a two-year initial term and then they’re eligible for a two-year extension period. Typically, it’s a routine part of our business. We file for those extensions, say, three months out from when those permits will expire. Typically, it’s a very quick approval process. We’ve never been declined an extension. And importantly, the environmental assessments that underlie those permits are good for a period of fie years.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And so you’re saying today that under a sustaining CapEx mode that 75% of your contemplated activity over the next four years would be kind of with permits in hand? Is that the correct understanding?
Dave Hager: Yes. That’s absolutely correct.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, everyone. I don’t know what magic wand you swung there, but it seems the audio is now fine. So thank you for getting that sorted out. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. Dave, you and I have gone backwards and forwards on this model for sometime. I just want to commend you guys for introducing what I think is a really differentiated model, and I’ll be curious to see how this is received by the market. My question, however, is I wonder if you or Jeff could explain the mechanism by how you intend to share, I’ll use your words from the last call, windfall cash flows with investors.
Dave Hager: Well, I think – thanks, Doug, and we’re very proud of the model and we think it is the right business model. And certainly, we feel like we have moved this model quickly and probably as quick as anybody in the industry. And hopefully, others continue to follow it up with actions as we have already started to do here. I think the first thing to keep in mind is that our break-even is now – that funds our maintenance capital is around $35 WTI. And then – and we actually then funded the dividend – the normal dividend plus our maintenance capital around $39 WTI. So where you start really getting into the issue is, when you start to balance our growth opportunities beyond – if we’re in an environment above $39 WTI, how do you balance that with the return of free cash flow to shareholders. And certainly, we’re going to look at the economic climate that we’re in at the time to make that call whether we would undertake select growth opportunities or whether we think it’s better to return that cash to shareholders as we move above that. As we sit here today, we’re obviously still in the middle of a global pandemic. And so even though the strip is sitting there at currently somewhere right around $45 today, the way I would describe it is there’s a big error bar on that strip. There’s a lot of uncertainty associated with that strip at this point and how sustainable that is. So we are not, at this point, prepared to say, "Okay, it’s $45 strip. Now we’re going to start going more into growth mode.” Our thought process is more we’re going to stay closer to maintenance capital or at maintenance capital and return those incremental dollars to shareholders. Now there may be an environment in the future where we don’t feel as much risk as there is on oil pricing right now, given the global pandemic that we’re still under. So there may be at some point where we do start to – as we get above $40 and towards $45, where we say we’re going to mix in a little bit of growth and with the return to value to shareholders. But we’re going to take into account all the economic conditions at the time on how to best make that judgment. So it’s not going to be an absolute formula. I think, if you – inevitably, I think, whenever you try to live by an absolute formula, you will find that the formula doesn’t work as well as you wish it had. And so it’s going to involve some level of business judgment, where our business judgment is right now that we feel it’s more appropriate to fund at maintenance capital level and return at incremental dollars to the shareholder. But that could change at some point in the future.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer, Dave. If I may offer a comment, I think, there is a subtle difference in perception between a special dividend and a variable dividend. So presumably, you’re talking about a variable dividend.
Dave Hager: Yes, yes, we are talking about a variable dividend. And yes, I think we see there’s a subtle difference, too. And a special is one, it’s really special when you actually do it. And so that’s why we call it special and we’ve done it.
Doug Leggate: Okay. So my follow-up is hopefully…
Dave Hager: I’m being a little funny there for you.
Doug Leggate: …yes. capital allocation, Dave, if you’re slowing down the growth rate up to 5%, how does that change your capital allocation across the portfolio? And I guess, it’s really a question about high-grading inventory. I’m just wondering if the incremental drilling activity sees another upward reset in productivity and capital efficiency, because you’re obviously slowing down the activity level as well? I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Dave Hager: Well, I think, you can look for us to continue to drive more capital efficiency into the business in general. You’re seeing how we’re continuing to drive down the drilling and completion costs and improve the capital efficiency in the Delaware Basin. You can – if you look at the stack play, we’ve done a couple of things there, where we have really redesigned our wells. And when we go back out there, that we feel that we’re going to be drilling and completing those wells for significantly less than when the last time we were out there. In addition, we did the transaction with Dow, where we brought in promoted capital, where essentially we’ll be paying one-third of our costs in a given well for 50% of our working interest. So that is certainly going to drive capital efficiency. Eagle Ford, we work very closely with BP to drive the efficiency there and really the economics on the remaining development inventory, as well as the redevelopment opportunities we’re seeing are very capital efficient. And finally, we’re learning an awfully lot about the Powder River Basin, particularly in the Niobrara. And we have really just been in appraisal mode up there so far. So as we go into full development in the Powder River Basin, you will see those well costs potentially move down dramatically as well. So absolutely, we’ll be – in a sense, we’ll be high grading by drilling the best opportunities. But all of these opportunities are going to continue to improve because of the measures that we have been executing on internally.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate and thank, guys. Congrats, again. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, Dave, and I’ll – maybe you guys talked a lot about these cash dividends. I mean, my question is around sort of the debt and production growth levels. So I just want to make sure clear. Is there a certain level you want to get debt down to and sort of a certain minimum level of production growth you would like before sort of considering these more frequent variable dividends, or how should we think about that?
Dave Hager: Well, I tried to say – first, on the debt, I mean, our target in mid-cycle pricing is get the debt the – EBITDAR down around 1.0 or less. Now we’re not quite there yet and we’re probably going to need a little bit better pricing to do it. On the variable dividend, so I tried to lay out that it’s going to depend somewhat on our perception of the economic outlook as to how much we want and our confidence in forward pricing as to how much we would just return cash to shareholders versus invest in a limited amount of growth opportunities up to 5%. So – and I tried to highlight that we’re going to assess that at the time. Right now, we’re not particularly confident in the economic outlook on prices. It may prove better, but we’re still in the middle of a pandemic, so there’s a lot of uncertainty around it. So we’d be leaning more towards the cash return side of it right now, so.
Jeff Ritenour: Neal, this is Jeff. But just one thing I would add is a distinction for Devon versus some of our peers is, we have the cash on hand to accomplish our debt objectives, our target debt levels. So any free cash flow that we generate can then go back to shareholders, as Dave articulated. A lot of other folks in the sector are going to have to generate free cash flow and then try to accomplish their lower leverage objectives. But we’re in a unique position with the cash that we have on hand. We can take care of that and then generate free cash flow with the lower break-evens that we’ve created and returned that to shareholders.
Neal Dingmann: Great clarification. The cash is certainly obvious for you all. It gives you a lot of options. And then just one follow-up. On – Dave, you mentioned with the strip, it doesn’t cause you to think about boosting activity and sort of with this whole – ties in with this plan you’ve been talking about. But I’m just thinking when – if the strip does get up to a certain point where you have more confidence behind that, would the focus essentially still initially just be Delaware, or would you continue – would you start looking more at the Eagle Ford, Powder, Anadarko, et cetera?
David Harris: Neal, this is David Harris. I think as we move into 2021, I think you will continue to see us have a capital program with a pretty heavy Delaware emphasis. But I do think you’ll see us bring back some activity across all three of those areas and take advantage of the diversity in the portfolio and, as Dave alluded to, the high-quality opportunity set we have across those areas as well.
Neal Dingmann: Great details. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeanine Wai. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. I hope you can hear me.
Dave Hager: Yes. We hear you fine. Hope you can hear us now.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. We got you. Thank you. So I guess, my first question is on the reinvestment framework. And apologies if you’ve addressed this in your prepared remarks. But the 70% to 80% target for CapEx to cash flow, you mentioned this is at a mid-cycle price. What mid-cycle price are you using? And could you provide any color on the price band or the sensitivities that you looked at around various reinvestment and payout ratios?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Jeanine, this is Jeff. Yes, so when we talk about mid-cycle pricing, we generally talked about $50 oil. So that reinvestment ratio that we talked about the 70% to 80%, it obviously really kicks in when you get to those sorts of levels. Prior to that, again, as Dave has articulated, we’re going to be focused on the maintenance capital and generating free cash flow and returning that to shareholders. But once you get to those higher levels of WTI pricing, given our low break-evens, we do think that it makes sense to limit our reinvestment to that 70% to 80% kind of level. And effectively, we can accomplish all of our objectives of the 5% growth, our quarterly dividend and generating free cash flow when you get to that kind of mid-cycle type pricing.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you for that clarification. My follow-up is just moving to the Delaware and well productivity, maybe following up on Arun’s question on the federal. In maintenance mode, it looks like you’ve mitigated a significant amount of risk in the Delaware through a lot of good forward permitting. But can you talk about in terms of the well productivity, how does this vary between your federal and non-federal acreage? Thank you.
David Harris: Jeanine, it’s David. As we’ve said before, although about 55% of our federal – our acreage in the Delaware is federal. Certainly, as you think about the core in Lea and Eddy County, that’s where some of our highest return opportunities are. And so that’s why we wanted to highlight, from a permitting standpoint, of those 400 or so permits that we expect to have by the fall in the Delaware, about half of those include our drilling program for the next two years. So they’re specific to those programs and what we would expect to see. And so, I would expect that you’ll continue to see us lean on that permit inventory, drill those wells and then supplement it with state wells where we can and need to.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Portillo with TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Portillo: Good morning, all.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Portillo: Two asset-specific questions. Just curious as you look out into 2021, with the improvement in the gas forward curve, curious how you’re thinking about capital allocation to the stack, specifically with the carrier that you have with the Dow JV?
David Harris: Matt, it’s David. We’re – we were scheduled to begin that activity this year. Obviously, with what we’ve seen from a pandemic and a commodity price standpoint, we’ve deferred that activity. We’re currently working with our partner and would contemplate restarting that activity in 2021. I think that our best guess based on those discussions and sort of how we would see that plan laying out is probably something like a two-rig program in 2021 potentially to prosecute the initial stages of the Dow partnership.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then just a follow-up question. Your partner in the Eagle Ford laid out a pretty significant strategy shift over the next 10 years. And I was just curious how you guys are thinking about capital allocation to the Eagle Ford with that as the backdrop?
Dave Hager: Well, we work very closely with BP on the capital allocation there. And so far, we’ve remained aligned. I will say, I think, probably better to hear this from BP, but I think, overall, they’re extremely happy with that asset and feel that’s one of the best assets they’ve picked up and, if not the best, they picked up in the BHP transaction. So I would think that even though they’re having a strategy shift, I would suspect that this is one that’s going to continue to be highlighted within their portfolio. So far, we have not seen any significant alignment issues with them around that. Obviously, if there’s some point they don’t consider that asset to be very valuable in their portfolio, we’d love to talk to them about that as well. But right now, I can tell you we remain very aligned.
Matthew Portillo: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Hanold. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Yes, thanks. Question on the 2021 plan in the DUCs. And so how should we think about that? I mean, do you all expect to work through the DUCs in 2021? Or what are those decision points?
Dave Hager: Well, we’re still finalizing our 2021 capital allocation. So it’d be a little premature to say how much. I do know that we’d have 22 DUCs down in the Eagle Ford that we’ve – that have been there that we DUCed in the second quarter. And so those are definitely going to be drawn down in early 2021, which will give us a really good start to 2021 production. I think beyond that, the level at which we may consider drawing down that inventory, we’re going to have to – we’re working on that right now and deciding and whether how much we may consider doing that. For the most part, I think, you would consider that to just be normal working level of DUCs that you would – always going to have some inventory, but there probably are a few that we could draw down if it seems appropriate.
Scott Hanold: Right. So just to clarify. Of the – I think, it was roughly 100 DUCs. Some of that, you would include normal work in inventory, is that right?
Dave Hager: That’s right. That’s right.
Scott Hanold: Yes, yes. Okay. Fair enough. And then with regards to the special dividend – and correct me if I’m wrong. The way you guys laid it out, it doesn’t sound like it’s going to be highly consistent going forward once you start to initiate it and that it could be off and on, I guess, depending on your view of the commodity and the macro and some other things. Is that a fair statement? Or are you guys designing this to be something shareholders can understand we’re going to get something this quarter, we don’t know what it is, but you’re going to have some sort of a plan for that?
Dave Hager: Well, make no mistake that we are very dedicated to the cash return model to shareholders. And I feel that, frankly, we’re the first ones to actually take action with a special or variable dividend. There are probably a couple of different cases where you can do this and we use the words synonymously, frankly. One is in this case, where we have some extra cash we’re anticipating because of the Barnett Shale. The other is that, I believe, probably Pioneer talked about this morning and certainly, we’re going to be doing the same thing, is as we generate excess cash flow from our ongoing business, that we will be returning that to shareholders as well. Now are we going to be absolutely formulaic around that approach and say we’re going to do so much every quarter? No. We’re not saying that. But when we are confident that we have generated excess cash flow in the right business environment beyond what we need as a company and, again, we’re limiting our growth to 5%, then you can look for us to return that cash to our shareholders. We’re just not being so specific as to say exactly how it might be. Now, Jeff, I know may have a few additional comments or some thoughts that he has had around this as well, so.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Scott, no, I think, Dave said it well. The one thing I would add is, obviously, our quarterly – our traditional quarterly dividend is going to return cash to shareholders throughout the year. And then as Dave articulated, depending on market conditions, we’ll evaluate what makes sense at the time as it relates to the variable dividend. But our expectation is, again, I would just point you to our break-even levels and you all can use whatever price deck you prefer. But as we’ve articulated, with the break-even that we have in our maintenance capital level, we should be generating free cash flow into the foreseeable future. And our game plan is to return that to shareholders via the dividend, both dividends, the quarterly traditional dividend and the special. As it relates to timing, obviously, we’ll debate that with our Board. Our Board meets multiple times throughout the year, at least, quarterly and evaluate what makes sense based on the market conditions and the other objectives we’re trying to achieve at the time.
Dave Hager: And we – you might look at Slide 13 in our operations report, too, that also shows what amounts of free cash flow you – we could yield at maintenance capital at various WTI prices. So just as Jeff said, we anticipate that there is going to be significant free cash flow and that we would look to return that to shareholders.
Scott Hanold: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Nitin Kumar: Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks for taking my questions. I guess, a lot of ground has been covered on this cash return side. You did mention in your slides that the buyback is still a component of – the share buyback is a component of your cash return. Can you help us understand the prioritization of how you are looking at the different avenues for shareholder return?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Nitin, this is Jeff. You’re right. Certainly, in the past, we’ve utilized the share buyback approach as a way to return cash to shareholders as well. As I said, and I appreciate you didn’t hear them, given our audio difficulties. But in our prepared remarks, the feedback that we’ve got from shareholders has been pretty loud and clear and consistent around cash returns and cash dividends. And so going forward, our absolute expectation is to return the cash versus – excuse me, to return cash via the dividend versus the stock buyback.
Nitin Kumar: Great. That’s helpful. And then this is going to be for you as well, Jeff. But on Slide 12, you’ve talked about the financing cost reductions of $75 million, but you also mentioned about $125 million in reductions from LOE and GP&T. Granted there may be many moving parts here. But just could you help us understand what are the targets? And how are you improving your LOE? And then particularly, I’m interested in how you’re improving your GP&T going forward?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. So – and I’m happy to answer that. The $125 million of LOE and GP&T cost reduction that we highlighted, about $65 million of that is an MVC that we have in Oklahoma and our stack asset…
Dave Hager: Volume commitment.
Jeff Ritenour: …sorry, minimum volume commitment that we have in Oklahoma is rolling off in 2021. So that’s about half of that $125 million. And then beyond that, frankly, we’re seeing lower costs in all of our categories. David mentioned some of this earlier, he can add more detail. But whether it be chemicals, compression, our teams have done a great job of – as we’ve changed our level of activity and our cadence of work to really work hard to lower the cost. Some of that, of course, is the benefit of the deflation that we’ve seen here lately. But what we’re really seeing from the teams is an ability to lock some of that in and, again, we believe keep those lower cost sustainable into the future. I’ll let David add any color that he may have.
David Harris: Yes. Jeff, I think, you covered it well. I think what I would tell you is, from an operating perspective on the LOE side, we always start with trying to reduce downtime as best we can. We’ve got our decision support centers that feed us data on our operations on a real-time basis. And so not only are we able to respond more quickly to downtime events, in many cases, we’re able to predict them and get in front of them. And so that’s keeping our operations up and running, as always, the first order of business. It varies a little bit by area how we attack the line items just given the nature of the different assets. But Jeff, I think, covered it well. Certainly, compression costs, chemical costs across both the Anadarko and the Eagle Ford are things that we’re focused on pretty heavily. In the Rockies, we’re doing – we’re piloting some additional technology opportunities to automate the way we work. So far, those have allowed us to cut our downtime in half year-over-year, while improving those costs and our environmental performance. And so there, we believe we’ve got a stretch target there to get our recurring LOE in the Rockies down from something on the order of $6.50 down to the mid-4s. So we believe there’s a step change there that we can continue to get. And then in the Delaware, obviously, those types of things as well, but we’ve got a lot of important infrastructure there from both a water standpoint and otherwise that we’re leveraging to manage our costs and keep those down.
Nitin Kumar: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer. Your line is open.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: I wanted to follow-up on that growth outlook, and it’s really just to ask if they were an above mid-cycle scenario, i.e., price is above $50, is the 5% still the max growth outlook? So any price, 5% would be the max you would consider.
Dave Hager: Yes.
Brian Singer: And then as you think today…
Dave Hager: Yes.
Brian Singer: Okay. And then I guess, as you think about the impact of having a growth rate that’s maybe a little slower than it was at sometime, does that impact or maybe even limit the consideration that you – that Devon would have to either participate in or be a part of M&A and consolidation?
Dave Hager: Well, I’d say, M&A consolidation is something that we obviously recognize there is – there can be benefits out there. There’s too much overhead sitting in the entire E&P system. And to the extent that which there can be some consolidation and eliminate some of that overhead and also, in many cases, capture operational synergies that may exist between various companies, there could be some benefit there. So I don’t really see that the limitation of the growth rate has a significant impact one way or the other. I think, frankly, many of the companies are pivoting to the same model that we are. I think we’re just a little more advanced with the implementation of this model than they are. So I think it’s – I think this is a strategy that can make sense with acquisitions if there could be something that would be appropriate. And just on the – I gave the very quick answer, one-word answer, yes, on limited to 5% growth rate. I mean, that is absolutely the answer. The rationale behind that, I think, we all understand is that, why does it – it just doesn’t make any sense for our industry to grow at a much higher rate than the demand for the product is, and we count on OPEC to cut supplies to bail us out on prices. And so I think, hopefully, everyone is learning their lesson on that. And I think – and frankly, I think, the industry is learning their lesson on that. So that’s why it’s just so straightforward for us to answer it the way I did.
Brian Singer: Fair enough. And then my follow-up is with regards to base decline rates. Assuming you’re at that 5% or lower growth level, how do you see the evolution of your corporate base decline rate? And can you talk about where you’ve been most effective in managing that base decline here more recently?
David Harris: Brian, it’s David. As we’ve talked about previously, as we came into 2020, our decline rate was probably in the high-30s percent on oil and the low-30% on a BOE basis. I think, as we roll forward a year, we would expect that, that oil decline rate moves to the low-30s and on a BOE basis into the mid-20s or so. And then really, I would say from a base production standpoint, it’s become a big emphasis for us across all of our asset areas. I think all of our teams have done an excellent job arresting base declines and accretively deploying workover capital and some creative solutions to try to shallow these decline rates out as much as we can. And certainly, as we move into this cash return model with a more moderate growth rate, that’s an extremely important part of the business that maybe people took for granted in times past. But I can tell you, our teams certainly don’t.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Brian Downey with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Brian Downey: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. From the prepared remarks on Slide 9, you’re understandably still restricting flowback on newer wells due to market conditions. I’m curious if that experience has changed how you’re thinking about early time initial flowback or pressure management on a go-forward basis, if there are any surprise learnings throughout that whole process during the quarter?
David Harris: Hey, Brian, it’s David. It’s good to talk to you again. No, I wouldn’t say that there has been any surprises or any differences in terms of how we would approach that. Certainly, as we think about flowback strategy, that’s an important part of how we develop our asset. And so from time to time, we do experiment with that a bit. Certainly, as we’re doing some appraisal work, we’ll have projects where we’re restricting flowback for interference testing and the like, but no big or shattering changes or revelations that you should expect in terms of how we conduct the business.
Brian Downey: Okay. So sort of back to normal in the second-half of the year, we should anticipate on the completions there?
David Harris: Yes. I think that’s right.
Brian Downey: Okay, great. I appreciate.
Scott Coody: All right. It looks like we’re at the top of the hour, and I think we’ve got through all the questions. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And once again, given some of the audio issues we’ve had, we’ll send out the prepared remarks to our audience, and then we’ll also post them on the website for everyone’s convenience for viewing. If you have any other further questions as well, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that covers our results for the quarter and updated outlook for the year. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our first quarter earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Also joining me on the call today are Dave Hager, our President and CEO; David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under US Securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and the risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hager: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. It is my sincerest hope that everyone listening today is staying safe and in good health. As you all know, since our last earnings call, it's been an extraordinary time in the energy markets with an unprecedented demand shock related to COVID-19 resulting in a rapid and historic decline in oil pricing. While no one could have accurately predicted timing or wide range the impact of this pandemic to the global economy or our industry, I am confident that Devon has entered this period of volatility with an extremely firm foundation. Our combination of strong liquidity, low financial leverage, high-graded portfolio, and top-tier operating capabilities leave us well positioned to effectively navigate through these challenging times. Adding to these competitive advantages is our talented team here at Devon. And I want to take a moment to recognize all of our employees for their hard work and dedication during this period of dislocation due to COVID-19. Their focus on safely executing our business plan and protecting shareholder value during this unprecedented time led to another quarter of outstanding operational results. The results for the first quarter were highlighted by capital expenditures coming in 12% below midpoint expectations, higher oil production than our previous guidance, our cost savings initiatives continue to trend ahead of plan, and we generated free cash flow in the quarter. All-in-all, we are executing at a very high level, and I want to thank our employees for their commitment to excellence. The rest of my prepared remarks today will cover a handful of key messages that provide insight into our approach to managing the business through these turbulent times. Then I'll turn the call over to Q&A where we'll answer as of your questions as possible. The first key message I want to convey today is that we have the financial strength to withstand an extended downturn. As you can see on slide three of our earnings presentation, Devon had $4.7 billion of liquidity, consisting of $1.7 billion of cash and $3 billion of undrawn capacity on our credit facility at the end of the quarter. In addition to our substantial cash balances, Devon's liquidity is further enhanced by our senior unsecured credit facility, which is not mature until the end of 2024. This facility contains only one material financial covenant, a debt-to-capitalization ratio below 65%. And at quarter end, this ratio was less than 20%. The facility is fully committed to us, and we are not subject to semi-annual redeterminations. And lastly, a key event that will be additive to our liquidity over the remainder of 2020 is our recently amended agreement to sell the Barnett Shale. Under the revised terms, we agreed to sell our Barnett Shale assets for up to $830 million of total proceeds, consisting of $570 million in cash at closing and contingent payments of up to $260 million. This agreement includes this $170 million deposit, which we received in April, and we are on track to close the transaction by year-end. Also adding to Devon's financial margin of safety is our low average with no outstanding debt obligations until the end of 2025. On the right-hand side of slide three, you can see that our near-term debt maturity runway is best-in-class within our peer group, with nearly 6 years of time until our first tranche of debt comes due. This is a critical competitive advantage in this period of extreme commodity price volatility. The second key message I want everyone to understand is that Devon is committed to living within cash flow. Our top priority in this environment is to protect our financial strength. And to do that, we have taken decisive actions to protect our revenue and align our business with industry conditions by aggressively reducing capital and operating costs. Looking specifically at revenue, Devon's disciplined hedging program has protected approximately 90% of our expected oil production for the remainder of 2020 at an average WTI floor price of $42 per barrel. We have also taken steps to protect about half of our expected oil volumes for the first half of 2021 at prices that are nearly $40 per barrel. Additionally, to further protect against the risk of widening in-basin differentials, we've utilized regional basis swaps to lock in pricing for the vast majority of our Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin oil volumes for the remainder of the year. In aggregate, the estimated market value of our go-forward derivative position is roughly $750 million, a substantial contributor to our cash flow in 2020. On the cost front, the most significant changes we have made to date are related to the reduction of our capital activity levels. With our revised capital plan, we have limited our spending outlook to $1 billion in 2020 and a decline of 45% compared our original budget. As outlined on slide seven, we have elected to continue to invest and preserve operational continuity in the Delaware Basin to generate the necessary cash flow to effectively operate our business while suspending all capital activity in the Anadarko, Eagle Ford, and Powder River plays until market conditions improve. While we believe this is a prudent program for the current environment, given the uncertainty regarding the depth and duration of this pricing downturn, I do want to highlight that we have tremendous flexibility with our go-forward capital plans. We have minimal long-term contract commitments. Our opportunity set consists of only short-cycle onshore projects, and we have no significant lease expiration issues. With these characteristics, we are fully capable and willing to swiftly adjust activity levels as market conditions evolve. In addition to the capital reductions, we are also improving our cash flow by targeting approximately $250 million in cash cost reduction by year end. This cost reduction plan includes a range of actions to lower field level operating expenses and to continue to optimize the organization's overhead. This includes an expected 40% reduction in cash compensation for our executive management team year-over-year. I want to reinforce that while we have a clear line of sight on this $250 million of cost savings, we are not done. There are several initiatives underway that will further trim our cost structure, and I expect to provide updates on these initiatives in future calls. To summarize on slide 12, you can see the cash flow impact as swift and decisive changes we have made year-to-date. Our hedging program and intense focus on costs have positioned us to fully fund our capital requirements and dividend while generating net cash inflows at a price deck of $20 WTI for the remainder of the year. The next topic I want to touch on is our plan to dynamically manage production as storage levels become constrained and regional pricing weakens. With today's challenging -- challenged commodity price backdrop, we are being mindful not to accelerate valuable production into these weak markets. To combat these conditions, our first course of action is to reduce our current completion activity levels by approximately 65% to the first quarter. This decision to limit the wells we bring online will position us with a DUC backlog of nearly 100 wells company-wide at year-end. And for those wells that we have brought online recently, we restricted the full raise to ensure that we do not deliver flush production into these tough markets. Next, with regards to our base production profile, the operating teams have performed a detailed analysis to identify uneconomic wells at various price levels across our portfolio. The decision to shut in or curtail production from existing wells is generally made when the variable cost to operate the well exceeds its expected revenue. While the primary decision point, other factors may influence this decision as well, such as leasehold considerations, mechanical risks and involuntary third-party constraints. We plan to proceed curtailment decisions on a month-to-month basis. But for the second quarter, we expect to defer roughly 10,000 barrels per day of oil across our portfolio. Of this amount, only 20% is driven by the shut-in of production. The vast majority of curtailments were related to the restricted flow back of higher rate wells and the deferral of bringing a few new wells online in the second quarter. The minimal shut-in activity reflects the quality of our assets and the good work our team has done to place volumes. First, we have no pricing exposure to West Texas light, Clearbrook, the North Slope, Canadian Bitumen or many other well know pricing hubs that have recently experienced exceptionally weak prices. Furthermore, in key plays like the Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin, we correctly anticipated that there would be weak regional pricing, and our marketing team took early and decisive action to lock in our revenue at pricing above variable costs in May and June. Taking all these factors together, our production operations are well positioned to be resilient in the face of these challenging conditions. Looking ahead, the next key message I want to emphasize is our ability to capitalize on the recovery when industry conditions normalize. The decision to exit our heavy oil position in Canada, sell the Barnett shale and monetize our controlling stake in Enlink Midstream have helped set the foundation for the advantage position we operate from today. These bold moves have dramatically improved our financial strength, asset quality and competitive position on the marginal cost curve. Devon's go-forward portfolio now consists of only large contiguous stack pay acreage positions and the best parts of the best plays in the US. Importantly, within this portfolio, Devon has established a track record of operational excellence that is supported by consistent capital efficiency gains. A great example of this efficiency is on slide 17, which highlights our Wolfcamp program, where the majority of our capital is invested in 2020. Our drilled and completion costs in the first quarter improved by 42% to $705 per foot. To better appreciate the success, I encourage everyone to compare this top-tier result to our peers in the Delaware Basin. These Wolfcamp improvements are underpinned by steadily improving cycle times and optimized completion designs. We have expectations for these efficiencies to continue throughout the remainder of 2020 and into 2021. These efficiency gains have allowed us to preserve operational continuity even as we limit capital investment. As you can see on slide 18, assuming no curtailment beyond the middle part of the year, we expect our oil production profile to be nearly flat compared to the average of 2019, and we are in a good position to stabilize production in 2021. This production resiliency is a testament to the quality of our go-forward asset base and showcases the efficiencies that are driving our capital requirements lower. Currently, we are estimating that maintenance capital, which is the amount of investment required to keep our production flat will be around $1.25 billion, a 10% improvement from a year ago. With additional savings we expect from ongoing improvement in operations as well as shower based declines, we are projecting our maintenance capital to improve around $1.1 billion by 2021. Importantly, this improvement in maintenance capital does not assume a drawdown of our DUC inventory, which we expect to be around 100 wells by year-end. With this low maintenance capital, we are able to quickly and efficiently stem declines and we are positioned to maintain our 2020 extra rate oil production into 2021, and should market conditions incentivize us to invest at maintenance capital levels. And my final key message for today is that Devon has the right business model to maximize value for our shareholders over the long-term. Admittedly, it is challenging not to get caught up in a present with today's extreme bear market conditions. But we know from experience that today's oversupply will ultimately be absorbed. When industry conditions normalize, it is our strong belief that industry’s historic approach of creating value by prioritizing production or NAV growth will not be acceptable to investors. It is not a viable strategy to reinvest all cash flow, have high leverage and count on OPEC curtailments to be successful. To win in the next phase of the energy cycle, we are convinced that a more balanced operating model that prioritizes additional upfront cash returns for shareholders is required. With this financially-driven model, you must moderate capital investment to deliver free cash flow yields that compete for investment with other sectors in the broader markets, have the ability to deliver margin expansion through operational scale and a leaner corporate structure, prioritize returning more cash directly to shareholders in the form of dividends or supplemental distributions in time of windfall pricing, and a successful E&P company going forward must maintain extremely low levels of leverage and not be dependent on capital markets for liquidity or funding. This critical shift in philosophy will result in a much greater margin of safety, which we all believe is needed. This balanced operating model is not new to Devon and we have been an industry leader in this movement. Since 2018, we have deployed nearly 70% of our cash inflows towards shareholder-friendly actions, such as debt reduction, dividends, and buybacks. And when industry conditions normalize, Devon is one of the very few E&P companies that will have the capabilities to deliver on this progressive cash return business model. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Dave. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question. 
Operator: Your first question from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning Dave.
Dave Hager: Good morning Arun.
Arun Jayaram: I hope you had a good Cinco de Mayo, but a few quick questions for you. One, I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more details on your leading-edge Delaware Basin well costs, which is cited at being in the low 700s. This looks to be a couple of hundred dollars per foot lower than some of the guides we've seen from -- some of your Permian peers. Can you talk about what is driving this lower cost figure relative to peers? Is this well designed or other factors, and I wanted to see if you could provide some details on -- if you included facilities spend, what would that translate to on a dollar per foot basis in the Delaware?
Dave Hager: Absolutely Arun. I'm going to turn the call over to David Harris, our Executive Vice President of E&P, I think has a lot of details around that question. But I can tell you, it's real as a result of outstanding work that is being done by our team here and we're not done. So, with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Harris: Good morning Arun, and thanks for the question. Yes, we appreciate that this is a really outstanding result. It's the culmination of a lot of hard work over the last several years across our teams, across disciplines. But as Dave said, we're not done. And so, that $705 a foot is the average cost performance that we saw in Q1. I think you're probably right to characterize it as leading edge, but one of the things that we've really focused on internally, there's really a relentless drive for continuous improvement. And so, we continue to try to turn that leading-edge performance into our P50 performance. So, one of the things I'd encourage you to look at, not just from a cost perspective, we also disclose our drilling and completion per foot per day metrics to try to give you a sense on a normalized for cost basis what the performance looks like, and so that's really the way that we try to measure ourselves, that's what we control. We don't think just presenting cost numbers, that may have some deflation in them. It is the right way to really hold yourself accountable and measure step change in performance. Certainly, there's a little bit of that in ours, but our objective is to turn all those into structural change and drive those into the plan going forward, which I think is a big part of what you're seeing in terms of the step change in maintenance capital levels and things like that. And so, not just as that Wolfcamp-only performance, really competitive -- exceeding, as you said by a couple of hundred million dollars, other peers in Delaware, if you look at the performance, if you pull in our performance in all zones, not just the Wolfcamp and the Delaware in the first quarter, that number is actually about $600 a foot. So, this isn't a function of just picking a couple of data points and trying to make to make it look good. This is the continued quarter-over-quarter improvement that you are seeing the teams really do a great job at driving. To your question about the facility side, if you fully burden these pads with facilities expense, it probably pushes that average up to about $100 a foot or $100 a foot on top of what we've disclosed there, but even with that, still well south of where we believe our peers are even without facilities in their numbers.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks. And just my follow-up is on the $1.1 billion of sustaining capital that you guys disclosed for 2021. I was wondering if you could help us on what type of mix that would contemplate perhaps relative to 2020? And what price signal would you need to restart completion activity for DUCs or to add incremental rig lines throughout your asset base?
A – David Hager: Arun, that's going to be roughly 70% Delaware-type activity. We're not giving firm guidance on everything on 2021. But directionally, you can think of the activity in that level. You can see from our guide that we have there that we're really proud of how we've driven down the maintenance capital significantly. That would imply that we could have a cash flow breakeven in 2021 with somewhere around $40 WTI, which is -- you just do the math, it's probably a 20% improvement of where we have been just in the past year or so. We are going to continue to complete wells, but at a much slower pace here for the remainder of second quarter and the third quarter. We plan to start ramping back up with completions in the fourth quarter and then maintain more of a steady phase through 2021 if something around the strip prices were to play out. David, I don't know if you have any more details on that that you'd like to hit.
David Harris: No, I think you've said it well in terms of what the forward profile would look like around those kinds of assumptions. Obviously, a lot of volatility in the market, but I think that's indicative of what we believe the business can deliver.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thank you and good morning everybody, and I hope everybody is doing well out there. Dave, you've pretty set the bar pretty high, we think, this morning. I want to ask you a couple of things. One, about your comments on the business model. And two, to follow-up on the maintenance capital issue. So if I may, I'll do them back-to-back. The first one is the business model, you made a number of comments there about what you need to do to compete coming out the other side of this. So, I just wanted to poke a little bit on that. And explore things like how do you set -- how do you design that? Is that a reinvestment rate model? Is that a variable distribution model? How do you think about the ideal growth rate? There's a lot of things go into that, and I'm just wondering, when we come, assuming we come out the other side of this, there is the potential to be of a very competitive investment case that grows at a moderate pace and really builds on that maintenance capital that you talked about with a lot of free cash flow. I just want to know how you think about that. My follow-up is on the maintenance capital, and it really gets to the issue of valuation because I think what you've disclosed recently and again last night, should allow the market to at least put a free cash flow analysis around your business. My question is, how sustainable is that $1.1 billion, and what is the underlying decline rate that goes along with that? So, the first one in the business model, and the second one, the sustainability of the maintenance capital. And I appreciate you taking my questions.
Dave Hager: Yes. Thanks, Doug. First, on the business model, we feel that the industry has been too focused on growth and not enough on returning value to shareholders, and we think it takes a combination of higher free cash flow yield, returning cash to shareholders in a consistent manner, as well as a more moderate growth rate that would go along with that. And then third, low financial leverage, and when I talk about low financial leverage, I'm talking about net debt-to-EBITDA of one or less. And I think if this has taught us anything that we've had three downturns in the past 11 years. And you can say they're all unrelated going back to 2008 or the 2014, 2015, 2016 time frame and now these, but you may call them unrelated, but there's been three regardless of how you look at it. And so I think that it is absolutely important to have financial strength coming into these so that you can emerge as a strong company. And that's the attitude that we had coming into this and is paying off extremely well. I think that the invest is just so important that the investors need to be paid along the way. And there has to be a cash return element to the strategy that competes with other industries. Now, the form of which that cash return takes place, we're flexible on. It could be a combination of fixed and variable dividend. It could be one-time dividends. It could be share repurchases. There's different ways to do that, and we're open-minded on how that might take place. But we think that a cash return is just so much more important, given the volatility in our industry, we can't expect investors to be active in this industry if they aren't getting returned to cash along the way. So that's kind of the fundamental thinking of how we are doing it. And to make that model successful, you have to continuously drive down the breakeven costs associated with your company. And that's what we're doing, and that's really leads to your second question, which is the driving down of the maintenance capital from $1.4 billion to $1.1 billion. It's not only sustainable, but it's going to continue to go lower, because we're going to, through time, be shallowing out the decline curve. We also be a relentless focus on cost reduction. Whether the cost reduction comes on the capital side capital side or the expense side of the equation, we're going to be driving those costs down and as we drive those down, that obviously is going to help out with the maintenance capital investment that's required. So Jeff or David, I don't know if you have any additional comments that -- don't have? But David?
David Harris: Good morning, Doug. To your specific question around the decline rate, probably premature to give you a real specific number just given the number of potential moving parts here -- as we go throughout the year, but the level set you. You know, as we headed into 2020, we were looking at a first year oil decline rate probably in high 30s. And so certainly would be my expectation as we move to this more moderate spend and activity level, that you absolutely ought to see that decline rate trend into the low 30s here over the next year or so.
Doug Leggate: That's a very thorough answer guidance. Dave, just one quick follow-up. What do you think that organic mid-cycle or recovery scenario growth rate looks like? Oil production? Where -- are we talking 2%, 3%? 9%, 10%? Where do you see that mid-cycle…
Dave Hager: Somewhere probably mid-single digits, around 5% plus or minus.
Doug Leggate: You gave us a lot to play with here. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate taking my questions.
Dave Hager: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question on line of Neal Dingmann with SunTrust.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, all. My first question, Dave, just really centers on your shut-ins curtailment suspension. Just wondering, is the decision -- when you decide to bring these back? Is that just simply based on prices versus cash cost? And if so, I'm just wondering, are the thresholds when you sort of look at each of these three, I mean, looking at I know you've just sort of shut in a very minimal amount and with more curtailment and a bit of suspended D&C. I'm just wondering, when you bring these back, are these the threshold for each of these about the same?
David Harris: Good morning, Neal. This is David Harris. You know from the standpoint of our curtailments, I'd remind you that of the approximately 10,000 barrels of oil a day, we currently expect to have curtailed about -- about 20% of that would be actual shut-ins and about 80% would be restricting flow rates and pushing IDs back. And so as you know, particularly from a shut-in perspective, we're trying to ascertain whether we believe the revenues are going to exceed the variable cost. And so -- that analysis would hold -- as you look just to potentially bring those wells back on. So kind of the same analysis that we do going in. We'll do coming back out in order to determine when the right time to bring those shut-in wells back on. I would say in terms of the curtailment bucket, in terms of restricted flowbacks and things like that, we're probably going to air on the side. You know, even though we've seen a bit of improvement here, week over week in prices still doesn't feel like the right thing to do to push a bunch of flush production even into this kind of market. So I would expect you'll see us be fairly conservative on that front.
Dave Hager: And Neal, one thing I might add, you didn't ask, but I'll put it in there for context. With the -- I suspect that we are using a very, very similar methodology for determining whether to shut-in as other people in the industry when the revenue does not exceed the variable expense of producing those variables. What this really shows is the high-quality of our asset base, the high-quality of those barrels. And in addition, the very low operating expense that we have in our key producing areas. And so it's not a methodology difference. I don't believe at all, but is a reflection of the quality of our asset position, which I think is important not only to consider for shut ins, but to think about the quality of the assets that underpinned the success of -- the future success of the company.
Neal Dingmann: I like that clarification, David. And maybe that leads to my second. Just looking at slide eight where you all talked a bit about, which I think is a very good slide, by the way, and talks about the maintenance cap, given it looks like the quality is definitely filing there as well. As your maintenance cap continues to come down. I guess my question is, basically, this year, I think you all are saying a little less than $1 billion or so, you can keep production relatively flattish. And with maintenance, obviously coming down given now the strong portfolio, I know you don't have 2021 production guide out there, but it would look to me that given this is still both the maintenance cap coming down, you could probably still keep production rather flattish next year, probably with around the same spend this year. Is that fair to say it.
Dave Hager: Yes, that's roughly correct.
Neal Dingmann: Okay. Very good. Thank you all.
Operator: Your next is from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, if I may. First, on the $250 million on the cost reduction, Dave, can you guys elaborate a little bit in terms of how much of that is going to be recurring into next year? And how much is sort of a one-time because you're deferring expense or that have some temporary reduction on the compensation?
Dave Hager: Sure, I would have Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer to answer that.
Jeff Ritenour: Paul, this is Jeff. Yes. So absolutely, a component of that $250 million is certainly variable. And so as you see production increase into the future, you'll see some of those costs come back as we get more active into the future. But there's also some very significant pieces related to our G&A cost structure and otherwise, that we expect to be permanent going forward. So you also had a severance tax credit in there, which is cash in the door, which we're happy to include that in our 2020 results as well. So going forward, we think it's going to be impactful for the long-term cost structure.
Paul Cheng: Jeff, do you have a number you can share to quantify what is the recurring amount?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Paul. So yes, so roughly about $100 million of that $250 million is what we would suggest is not going to move up with additional activity into the future.
Paul Cheng: And is that all in the G&A overhead? Or is part of them in the OpEx side?
Jeff Ritenour: No, it's across all different categories. A big component of that is your LOE, your operating cost.
Paul Cheng: Okay. The second question is that for maybe both Jeff and Dave, you have a phenomenal balance sheet compared to a lot of your peers and a lot of peer structure. And so when you're looking at that, do you want to use your balance sheet as an offensive move and looking at the industry for consolidation as a consolidator or that you think at this point, conserving the balance sheet is more important and you were not trying to do too much on the consolidation side or that's not really in the front of your mind?
Dave Hager: That's not on the front of our mind right now. We are absolutely focused on our financial strength and liquidity. Until we understand better the depth and duration of what we're dealing with here with the demand losses leading to lower prices, we are absolutely focused on that. We recognize that we have the capability, operational capability, the organizational capability to be a consolidator, but that's not at all where we're focused right now. We are focused on coming out of this downturn as a very strong company and we're confident we're going to be able to do it and no focus on the acquisition side right now.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. And just a quick sign question. What is the minimum cash balance you guys need to run your normal operation? Thank you.
Dave Hager: Yes Paul. Historically we’ve thought about that been around $500 million, so obviously we’re well north of that today, but if we get to more of a normalized environment, that would be our expectation as something in that $500 million range.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the call.
Dave Hager: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is following up on a couple of the other questions about balance sheet and maybe throwing some operational momentum in there. At what oil price does the 2020 plan breakeven at the asset sales. I think I heard you say earlier in the call; it was about a 20% improvement versus a few years ago. So just wanted to clarify or get the baseline for that. And if there is an outspend on strip days, can you talk about how you settled on the activity level in the second half of '20 and the DUC? We can like certainly appreciate that you're not just solving for one year. So that could require leaning on the balance sheet a little bit to maintain momentum. And so we're just curious to see how you see the limit on that lean and various price scenarios because you've got a really strong balance sheet, you've got good hedges and we know that you have to factor in kind of trade-offs between your one and then and then year two, three plus.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Jeanine, this is Jeff. So on 2020, as it relates to our -- the new capital program that we rolled out for at $1 billion, we're obviously having the benefit of the hedges that we have in 2020. But our breakeven price now is -- we built the program around kind of a $20 oil price for the rest of the year. So you've got the actuals for the first quarter and then roughly $20 oil for the remainder of the year, and that gets you kind of to a free cash flow neutral standpoint before you get your asset sale proceeds. And then going forward, the answer the second part of your question, we really -- our primary directive for 2020 was all about maintaining our liquidity through the end of the year. Obviously, as Dave described earlier, we don't have a good sense yet of the depth and duration of the downturn. So we wanted to make sure we maximized our liquidity through the remainder of 2020, so that we can walk into 2021 and hopefully build upon our operational momentum. And potentially, in the future, we might, to your point, have to lean on the balance sheet a little bit more. But our intention for 2020 is not to do that. So we want to maintain or, frankly, improve upon our cash balance and liquidity position as we work through 2020.
Jeanine Wai: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you. My second question is following up on Neal's question about production curtailments. So, for the curtailments, you talked about when price exceed variable costs, you're going to produce. And so, there are kind of other considerations that you already ran through about leases and other things. But in terms of the curtailments, why not curtail more do you see additional curtailments as being NPV negative given either your macro view or the cost of implementing them, which we've heard varying them, which we've heard varying commentary on what that is this earning season. And we've heard some commentary from other operators that they're shutting in cash flow positive base production because they just simply don't like the netbacks are seeing and they believe in the contango in the curve and they've got the balance sheet to kind of withstand that period, and Devon has a very strong balance sheet, too. So we just wanted to kind of dig into that a little bit more on how you're thinking about it.
David Harris: Janine, it's David. Yes, I think from our standpoint, look, we're -- first of all, you start with flow assurance, right? You got to make sure you can move the molecules. We feel really good about that. Then you turn to that economic analysis that you described. And from our perspective, our objective is to maximize cash flow. And so to the extent that we believe that the revenues are going to exceed those costs and generate positive cash flow, we believe that's the right answer. We've heard some of that commentary as well. Jeff can chime in here and give you more color. But I think what we would suggest to you is based on the analysis we've done you probably need a lot more contango than you see in the market today to really make that math go around. And so whether or not that's really a motivating other people's decisions or not, it's hard for us to say. But we feel comfortable with the approach we've taken. We absolutely believe it's the right answer from a multiyear perspective.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine, this is Jeff. I would just echo David's comments. From our standpoint, to the extent we can get revenues above that variable cost, that's incremental cash margin that offsets our fixed cost, which again, supports our primary directive of maintaining and growing our liquidity position. So, as David said, you've got to have pretty significant contango in the market to really shut-in wells for any sort of duration. So we feel -- and again, it goes to the comment that Dave made earlier in the call, it goes to the quality of our asset base and the low fixed cost or excuse me, variable costs that we have in each of our operating basins.
DaveHager: We've done a lot of work on this Jeanine. And I don't know how others are thinking about it, but be glad to walk you through the math that we've done with it. But I think that you have to keep yourself in mind, you're losing the cash flow of the entire barrel if you shut it in, and you're only gaining the cash flow between what that well would have produced if you hadn't shut it in and what it will produce, given the pack you had shut it in. It's not the entire barrel you get back. It's just the incremental difference between those two numbers. And so you got to -- so given that, you've got to have a lot of contango and much more than is in the market right now to make that make economic sense from a cash flow standpoint.
Jeanine Wai: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question on the line of Josh Silverstein with Wolfe Research.
Josh Silverstein: Good morning, guys. Just a question on the maintenance oil levels, does that assume that there's going to be growth in the Delaware Basin and declines elsewhere? And then if we were to think about the maintenance scenario as well, how does it look like on a BOE basis? I imagine there's probably declines in gas and NGLS but I just wanted to go over that with you.
David Harris: Josh, this is David. Yes, I think directionally, you're right. I think you would expect to see a bit of decline on the NGL on the gas side to hold that oil flat. Year-over-year, it's probably a little bit of growth in Delaware with sort of the other three key assets offsetting that just a little bit.
Josh Silverstein: Got you. And was that factor into the overall kind of corporate decline rate you were talking about in the 30s range?
David Harris: Yes.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And then Jeff, you made some comments before about the cash on hand, the $500 million of ongoing cash. What's your thoughts on how you would look to deploy, I guess, the rest of it. There's no leverage or maturity concerns right now, but your credit pricing has certainly come on down over the course of the last three months. Is there an opportunity here for you guys to start retiring some of that? Or would you just want to keep this cash on hand for the eventual recovery to kind of restart the engine here?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. No, absolutely. I appreciate the question. Obviously, at this point, we think it's too soon to jump out there and repurchase that even though we do have some issues trading at a discount. Our intention at the moment is to maintain and build upon our liquidity through the end of the year. As we get better clarity around the kind of the depth and duration of the downturn, that is absolutely something that will be on the top of our priority list, as Dave mentioned earlier, which is to further reduce leverage. So, we'll look at opportunities to jump out there and repurchase debt. And then beyond that, it's going to be returning cash to shareholders as we talked about in the past. So as Dave mentioned, we'll look at different dividend strategies and potentially share repurchases at some point in the future.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And maybe just a follow-up on that. I know you earmarked the Barnett proceeds for buyback. And with that now push back into December, is there any thought about opportunistic buybacks with the stock in at this price? Or does that kind of get pushed into 2021 now?
Jeff Ritenour: No, absolutely not. No, we've suspended the stock program, stock repurchase program, obviously, given the current environment to, again, protect our liquidity and so we won't have any -- we don't expect to have any share repurchase for the remainder of this year.
Josh Silverstein: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo.
Nitin Kumar: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. My first question is just around the capital efficiency, the operational efficiency you talked about in the Wolfcamp. As you slow down activity, is there a risk that you could see some of those operating efficiencies come down? Or have you already accounted for those?
David Harris: No. We don't think that's a big risk. I think that's part of how we've looked at the different variables and thinking about why the current activity level is the right level for us. So no, we feel like we can continue to not just maintain the level of efficiency you've seen, but continue to drive it forward. And the one thing I would remind you, I mean, we've talked a lot about the cost side of the equation this morning. And certainly, that's important. Remember that the capital efficiency piece has also got a productivity component in there. And so you've seen our productivity results from our wells, not just in the Wolfcamp, but across the Delaware and the rest of the portfolio. Clearly, those are competitive with what we think anything -- anybody is doing in the industry. And so we're not just trying to cut costs at the sake of -- at the risk of jeopardizing productivity. We're going to continue to focus on both aspects of that equation to maximize that result going forward.
Nitin Kumar: Got it. Thank you. And David, I certainly appreciate, I think investors appreciate your comments early on about the change in the business model. What 100 DUCs play in your 2021 program? You talked about very moderate single-digit growth. I'm kind of curious because 100 DUCs is probably not the right level for the amount of capital you're spending. So just curious, how do you plan to deploy those DUCs for 2021? Is it for growth or something else?
Dave Hager: No. I would -- we feel that, the 100 DUCs are essentially just a good working level of DUCs given our activity levels. And so the point, we're trying to make is that we have not included the drawdown of those DUCs to show what our maintenance capital, as I think some other companies have talked about that fact, frankly, that they say park when they calculate maintenance capital. That they are including, draw down of DUCs which we think is not really matches what the actual definition of maintenance capital. It should just include a more static level that is consistent with the ongoing business. Now, the 100 DUCs is going to allow us absolutely the ability to restart the business very quickly, since we're not drawing those down. So that is another reason, and we feel good about moving into 2021.
Nitin Kumar: Okay. Thank you for answering questions.
Operator: Your next question in the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. First question, I was wondering, if you could rank order the plays after the Delaware Basin that will attract capital when the time is right. I thought that PRB results were quite impressive, particularly the Teapot wells and zone has not gone a lot of discussion versus the Turner, the Parkman of Niobrara industry-wide.
David Harris: Thanks for the question. I would say, it’s a bit difficult to give you a rank order today, a lot is going to depend on gas and NGL prices. We've obviously got a lot of optionality in the stack out there. You're exactly right. The powder results in the Teapot have been impressive continue to have a really low breakeven cost. One of the things we highlighted that, that basin our highest margin asset in the portfolio for the quarter. It's a high oil cut. It's a light high-quality oil that we think is really desirable. So it's got a lot of torque to higher prices. And don't forget the Eagle Ford, we've got a lot of exciting stuff going there from a redevelopment and an infill perspective that, we think is going to meaningfully extend the life of really highly competitive economic work to do there. And so across those three they all have a little bit of a mix from an oil, gas and NGL perspective. So we like all three of them. We think all three of them have an important place in the portfolio going forward, but a rank order really going to depend on what kind of assumptions you want to make across the three streams.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, that's fair. I appreciate that. And just a follow-up on a prior question, when you say that you can accelerate the 2021 activity DUC portfolio that you're going to have in hand at this yearend 2020. Is that still consistent with this -- I'm talking about acceleration. Is that still consistent with the long-term approximately 5% growth target that you've laid-out as part of the business case going forward? Thank you.
David Harris: Yes. Certainly. I don’t think we intend that, that to diverge from Dave's comments really around what we believe the more appropriate growth rate for the industry and for Devon likely is, I do think it does give us in a pretty volatile environment, some good flexibility and optionality as we think about how we want to restart those and at what pace.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question in the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. To follow-up on a couple of the earlier questions, what would be the key price point you would need to see before moving from maintenance capital back to growth mode and do you need to see leverage go sub one times before moving to that mid-single-digit growth or a sub one times leverage a function of mid-single-digit growth?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey Brian, yes, this is Jeff. Yes, as we said before, our absolute priority would be to reduce leverage going forward and get to that one times net debt -- or frankly, lower on that net debt to EBITDA ratio. So, that's going to be in the front of our mind as we move. And again, the growth rate for us is an output of the inputs, right? As we think about our business, number one, ensuring that we have the financial flexibility and strength that we want. We've highlighted that with that net debt to EBITDA target as one measure that we look at. We're committed to running the business to be at worse neutral on free cash flow on a go-forward basis. And then that growth rate will ultimately fall out of the capital that we spend, obviously, in each of our different growth rate will ultimately fall out areas, constrained by those bigger picture financial objectives.
Brian Singer: Got it. So, should we think of maintenance mode as continuing until we see a sub one times leverage show up?
Jeff Ritenour: I wouldn't -- no, I don't think I would pin it down to -- we have to have that sort of metric before we would accelerate any activity. Again, it's going to be a function of all the different price dynamics that we're seeing in the market, the shape of the curve, how comfortable we feel that that's sustainable; longer term, our ability to hedge. So, as you know, there's a bunch of different variables that will go into that calculus before we determine what increased activity looks like.
Dave Hager: Brian, directionally, I would say, you probably need to think in terms of a sustainable $40 to $45 WTI before we would go out of maintenance capital mode and start looking at growth again.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up is, when you talk and highlight the success you're having in lowering your cost in the Permian and the Wolfcamp as well as the maintenance capital, how much of that do you attribute to either the process that's unique to Devon, the assets or is it just indicative that there's more widespread potential for the industry to push supply cost down across the Permian Basin in particular?
David Harris: Brian, this is David. I think from our perspective, I think we have a lot of confidence that it's our assets and it’s the high level that our teams are performing at. It can't be noted enough. I think the execution you're seeing is the result of a lot of really seamless integration across multiple disciplines that are driving that cost result. And so I think from our perspective, if you look at the sort of costs that we're putting up relative to what you're seeing from others. Certainly, we feel like that is highly unique to us. And you couple that with what we believe are best-in-class assets and that gets you to what we think is a really differentiated result.
Dave Hager: I think there's a potential for the whole industry to get better, but that's okay. We'll be even better than that at the end. So, that's all right.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question in the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Good morning Dave to you and your whole team there.
Dave Hager: Good morning Charles.
Charles Meade: So, I -- you guys have talked a lot about your curtailments and I appreciate the real detailed explanation you've given on your process. But I'm wondering if you could add some detail about decompose it along the time line. In other words, how much of that 2Q curtailment, have you already -- is already in the books in April? And what are you expecting for May? And what's the plan for June? Does it look different from May?
David Harris: Charles, this is David. The number that we've given you reflects decisions we've made for April and May. So those are things that that we've already done and we have forecasted out for the quarter. For the production month of June those decisions will be made here over the next couple of weeks. And so it's hard to -- it feels better than it did last week, but it's hard to predict just given the amount of volatility we've seen in the market, what exactly June will look like in terms of the decisions we make.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Charles, this is Jeff. I would just add, though, that to David's comments that as it relates to June, obviously, we've seen prices firm up on both the roll and the calendar month average. And our marketing teams along with the business unit teams have worked really closely together and done a great job kind of getting out in front of what we're seeing in the market. And so, at this point in time, as David said, things can and have changed quickly over the last several months on a day-to-day basis, but at this point in time, we don't see a significant incremental amount of shut-ins or curtailments at this point.
Charles Meade: Got it. Yes, let's hope it keeps getting better. And then my follow-up, on the Barnett close, the sale of that -- or the close of that deal. You mentioned you're on track. What are some of the signposts that we should look for along that track as we go through rest of the year?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Charles, this is Jeff. I would say the first piece, which is important was the incremental deposit that we got in the door. So we've already collected $170 million of deposit from our counterparty there. And then going forward, frankly, there's not a lot. I mean, as we work forward to the end of the year, the teams have done a great job of taking off all the responsibilities that we have related to the contract to move us towards close. So we feel really good about that and look forward to getting to close by year-end.
Charles Meade: Thanks Jeff.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we've made it through all of our questions in the queue today. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you for your interest.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and operations report that cover our results for the year and our forward-looking outlook. We will make references to our operations report during the call today to aid the conversation and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Also joining me on the call today are, Dave Hager, our President and CEO; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hager: Thanks, Scott and good morning everyone. For Devon, 2019 can best be defined as a year of exceptional execution and differentiating performance across every aspect of our business. As you can see on slide 5 of our operations report, a critical accomplishment during the year was our timely and tax-efficient transformation to a U.S. oil business. Even with the challenging market conditions, we successfully completed our portfolio simplification objectives in only 10 months and we're able to exit noncore assets at highly accretive valuations. Furthermore, by sharpening our focus on Devon's world-class U.S. oil assets, we delivered a step change improvement in corporate level rates of return, achieved enhanced capital efficiencies, expanded our margins, reduced leverage and returned industry-leading amounts of capital to shareholders. All in all, it was a great year. But let me be clear, we are just getting started and the investment case for Devon has never been stronger. Looking ahead to 2020, our strategic framework for success and disciplined capital priorities remain unchanged. These priorities are outlined on slide 10 of our operations report. As always, Devon's top priorities will be to fund the maintenance capital requirements of our business and the quarterly dividend. Once these objectives are met, next step in our capital allocation process is to selectively deploy capital to high-return projects that will efficiently expand the cash flow of our business. Importantly, our 2020 plan meets all of these capital allocation priorities at low breakeven funding levels, even after accounting for the recent weaknesses in gas and NGL strip pricing. Should this volatility drive prices higher, we will remain disciplined and the benefits of any pricing windfall above our conservative base planning scenario will manifest itself in higher levels of free cash flow for shareholders, not higher capital spending. Conversely, should we see price volatility to the downside, we've designed our operating plan to have the flexibility and agility to reassess the capital program and react to any structural changes in the macro environment. Now, let's run through some of the specifics of our 2020 operating plan, which you can see on slide 11. The key takeaway from this slide is that, due to capital efficiencies, we are lowering the top end of our upstream capital guidance in 2020 by $50 million to a range of $1.7 billion to $1.85 billion. Furthermore, the impact of this investment program in 2020 is expected to be enhanced by a reallocation of capital from the STACK, a liquids-rich combo play to the Delaware, the top oil play in all of North America. This shift in capital allocation will increase spending in the Delaware Basin by approximately 15% year-over-year and Delaware will now account for approximately 60% of total capital investment for the year. Another important distinction of our 2020 program is that, the reallocation of capital to the Delaware Basin will be deployed exclusively towards accelerating Wolfcamp development activity. This is significant because, our Wolfcamp activity exhibited the most substantial capital efficiency improvement of any opportunity in our portfolio in the back half of 2019. With this increased capital allocation, the Wolfcamp will now account for two-thirds of our Delaware activity, providing a visible capital efficiency tailwind that will accrue to our benefit throughout 2020 and carry forward into 2021 as well. While the 2020 capital program is concentrated in the Delaware Basin, I would be remiss not to mention the exciting catalyst-rich program we have planned for the Powder River Basin. With the appraisal success we achieved in the Niobrara in 2019, we plan to double our activity levels in this emerging resource play over the upcoming year. A key objective of the Niobrara program in 2020 is to derisk and to prepare a portion of our 200,000 net acres for full development by early next year. And lastly, with our Eagle Ford and STACK assets, it will be business as usual, with the operating team laser-focused on executing on their capital programs efficiently, managing base production and maximizing free cash flow for the company. Turning your attention to Slide 12. Based on the strong operational momentum of our business, we are raising Devon's per share growth outlook for 2020. Not surprisingly, this improved outlook is underpinned by the outstanding well performance we are experiencing in the Delaware Basin. As a result, we are now increasing the lower end of our oil growth outlook by 50 basis points to a range of 7.5% to 9% compared to 2019. And to reiterate, this higher growth rate is matched with lower capital spending expectations as well. To maximize the value of this production, we have aggressively acted over the past year to materially improve our corporate cost structure. The success of this ongoing initiative is evidenced by Devon's G&A costs projected to be reduced by 25% year-over-year. And lastly, while Jeff will speak to this later in the call, the per share impact of this improved 2020 outlook will be further magnified by our new $1 billion share repurchase program and yesterday's announcement to increase the quarterly dividend by 22%. Moving to Slide 13. While 2020 is setting out to be a great year for Devon, another critical message I want to convey is that the differentiated operating performance achieved in 2019 is sustainable longer term. At Devon, we absolutely have the right personnel, financial strength and inventory depth to deliver both attractive growth rates and increased amounts of free cash flow in 2021 and beyond. While it is too early to provide official guidance for 2021, our thoughtful and pragmatic approach to the business will remain the same. Our Delaware-centric capital program will remain focused on steady activity levels that deliver the right balance between returns, capital efficiencies, growth rates and free cash flow. With this disciplined financial framework, we believe investors can directionally expect a mid- to high single-digit oil growth rate in 2021 for a relatively stable amount of capital investment. A noteworthy driver of this preliminary outlook is the positive rate of change we expect to realize from our transition to higher Wolfcamp development activity. Looking beyond the next few years given the quality of our inventory, I believe a sustainable long-term oil growth rate in the mid-single-digit range feels an appropriate rate to expand our business while generating increasing amounts of free cash flow that can effectively compete with any sector in the market. Slide 14 showcases the free cash flow our business can deliver through 2021. As you can see in the gray box at the top of the slide, Devon's improved operating outlook lowers a breakeven funding level of our operating plan in 2020 and 2021 from our previous disclosure last November. The combination of higher oil growth rate and improved cost structure and a stronger hedge book, now allow us to fully fund our capital program at $46.50 WTI and $2 Henry Hub pricing and Mont Belvieu realizations of less than 30% of WTI. While we are pleased with these improvements in breakeven funding, which meaningfully improves our position on the U.S. cost curve, we are not stopping here. To be successful in this unforgiving environment, you must roll up your sleeves, get your hands dirty and on a daily basis look for ways to reduce costs by controlling the controllables. And at Devon, that is exactly what we're focused on. So, in summary, Devon's multi-basin oil business is built to last. And our disciplined capital plans are designed to deliver compelling amounts of free cash flow and an attractive growth in our per share metrics for the foreseeable future. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff to review our financial strategy. And detail how we plan to allocate the excess cash flow, from our business.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Dave. At Devon, we believe our financial strategy and underlying balance sheet strength are significant competitive advantages. The extreme commodity price volatility, we've experienced over the last year, is a constant reminder that the strong balance sheet. And effective risk management programs are critical to the long-term success, of an E&P company. Core to our financial strategy, is the emphasis on building a high-margin asset base. Devon's advantaged asset base is very well positioned, on North America's marginal cost curve. The high-grading of our asset portfolio over the last several years, and the disciplined allocation of capital to our highest return opportunities, is working to lower the breakeven pricing for the company. As Dave mentioned in his opening remarks, and as outlined on slide 14, our improved operating outlook, has lowered the breakeven funding level of our operating plan in 2020 and 2021, from our previous disclosure last November. This allows us to provide shareholders with free cash flow, even in, challenged commodity price environments. To further expand our margin of safety, we are actively deploying proven and progressive risk management. And supply chain practices to optimize our financial results. The example of this includes our disciplined hedging program, which uses a combination of systematic and discretionary hedges, to effectively mitigate pricing volatility. We have over 40% of our 2020 projected oil production, hedged at an average floor of $53 per barrel, well over our funding breakeven pricing of $46.50 per barrel. In addition, our supply chain team has shifted the majority of our contracted services to shorter-term, over the last year, allowing us to take advantage of the deflationary environment. And providing flexibility should market conditions change. Demand changes and activity to preserve free cash flow. In combination with our high liquidity and low leverage, these prudent risk management and supply chain practices, allow us to optimize planning efforts and enhance our capital allocation decisions, in periods of uncertainty. Now turning your attention to slide 8 of our operations report, I plan to briefly cover the details of our financial position, where we have built a tremendous amount of flexibility. An important strategic priority over the last year has been the repayment of debt, to further strengthen our investment-grade financial position. We made significant progress towards this initiative in 2019, as we retired $1.7 billion of senior notes, which reduced our debt ratio to around 1 times, net debt-to-EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis. Importantly, this deleveraging activity, completely cleared Devon's outstanding debt maturity runway, until late 2025 extending the weighted average maturity of our debt portfolio to more than 18 years. While our balance sheet is in great shape, and we have tremendous flexibility, we're not done making improvements. In the fourth quarter, Devon generated $171 million of free cash flow. And we exited the year with $1.8 billion of cash on hand. Furthermore, Devon's cash balances will increase, upon close in mid-April, with our $770 million, Barnett Shale divestiture. We are keeping a close watch on, interest rates and credit spreads, as we evaluate the next potential steps in our debt repurchase plan. Current market dynamics have driven redemption premiums substantially higher. But we are prepared to be patient and opportunistic to repurchase additional debt should the market move to our benefit. Pivoting your attention to the left hand of slide 9, another top financial priority for Devon is returning capital to shareholders in the form of an increasing dividend. Overall, from a dividend policy perspective, we are targeting a payout ratio of 5% to 10% of operating cash flow, at our base planning scenario of $50 WTI pricing. Additionally, we believe consistent and sustainable growth in our dividend, provides for a very attractive and competitive result, when compared to our E&P peers and other large-cap companies, across the broader S&P 500. Our $46.50 per barrel breakeven underpins this policy, and supports growth in the dividend over time. Given the strength of our projected 2020 financial outlook and reduced breakeven, we were pleased to announce last night, that our Board has approved a 22% increase in Devon's quarterly dividend. This shareholder-friendly action is consistent with our target payout ratios, and is aligned with our commitment to steadily grow the dividend over time to a level that is highly competitive with other sectors in the market. As you can see on the right-hand side of slide 9 in addition to our dividend, we are also returning cash to shareholders through Devon's industry-leading share repurchase program. Since our program began in 2018, we've repurchased 147 million shares at a total cost of $4.8 billion. Our Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion program last December paving the way for additional repurchases in 2020 and total -- and a total reduction in Devon's outstanding share count of approximately 35% by year-end. This is not only the most active program in the E&P space, but it also outpaces the activity of any company regardless of sector in the S&P 500. We have been aggressively buying our shares over the last year at levels ranging from $20 to $25 per share. Given our view of the attractive valuation of our shares compared to the intrinsic value of the company, you can expect more of the same from us in 2020. In summary, the disciplined financial model we are using to operate the company is working and checks all the boxes necessary for long-term success. We have a strong financial position with a low breakeven funding level and our business can generate excess cash flow in any commodity price environment. We have excellent liquidity and strong balance sheet with very low leverage ratios and we're rewarding our shareholders with a return of cash through our dividend and share repurchase program. With that, I'll turn the call over to David Harris to cover our operating performance and outlook.
David Harris: Thanks, Jeff. The fourth quarter was another strong one operationally for Devon that can best be described by oil production once again exceeding guidance and capital spending coming in 6% below forecast. This trend of operational excellence has now been established over multiple quarters and is a testament to the high level of performance each of our asset teams in effectively fulfilling their respective roles in our business. For my prepared comments today, I plan to cover the asset-specific highlights that are driving this positive business momentum and provide some insights and observations regarding our outlook for 2020. As you can see on slide 16 of the operations report, our world-class Delaware Basin asset is the capital-efficient growth engine driving Devon's operational outperformance. In the fourth quarter, net production from the Delaware continued to increase rapidly growing 82% on a year-over-year basis. This strong growth was driven by 36 high-impact wells brought online in the quarter that were diversified across all five core areas in the Wolfcamp, Bone Spring and Leonard formations. These strong wells achieved average 30-day rates of 2,800 BOEs per day of which 70% was oil at an average cost of around 75 million -- $7.5 million per well. The overall returns from our fourth quarter program in the Delaware Basin were simply outstanding. Looking specifically at the project level detail for the quarter. Our much anticipated Cat Scratch 2.0 project did not disappoint. This 10-well project which developed a second Bone Spring sweet spot exceeded our pre-drill expectations by reaching average 30-day rates of 3,000 BOEs per well or 425 BOEs per 1,000 feet of lateral. While the Cat Scratch results were certainly impressive, I believe the top thematic takeaway for the fourth quarter activity is the operational momentum we are establishing with our Wolfcamp program. As you can see on the map at the right side of slide 16, we brought online three impactful Wolfcamp projects during the quarter to help further validate the commerciality of multiple Wolfcamp landing zones across the basin of Southeast New Mexico. Of particular note was our highly successful seven-well Spud Muffin project in the Potato Basin area in Eddy County in which we co-developed the third Bone Spring and Upper Wolfcamp intervals. While industry has been active for some time in the Potato Basin area, the Spud Muffin project was our initial operated test in this area. And given the well productivity we experienced, this will be an area that definitely works its way into the Delaware Basin capital allocation mix going forward, which further deepens our resource-rich opportunity set in this franchise asset. As Dave touched on in his opening remarks, the setup of the Delaware Basin in 2020 is exciting. Our diversified development programs across our five core areas position us for another year of exceptionally strong oil growth. In total, we expect to invest around $1 billion of capital in the Delaware that will result in approximately 130 operated spuds. Of this activity, we are allocating nearly 65% to the Wolfcamp formation, which essentially represents a doubling of Wolfcamp activity year-over-year. To reiterate comments from earlier in the call, this shift in Delaware capital allocation to the Wolfcamp is impactful given the substantial capital efficiency improvements we've achieved in the second half of 2019. In fact in the most recent quarter, our drilled and completed feet-per-day metrics in the Wolfcamp improved 48% and 62% year-over-year, respectively. These steadily improving cycle times and costs provide a capital efficiency tailwind heading into 2020. The next asset I would like to discuss is the Powder River Basin, an important emerging oil growth opportunity in our portfolio. In the fourth quarter our development-focused program commenced production on 19 new wells that drove net production more than 50% higher year-over-year. Importantly, this oil-weighted production growth was accompanied by a step change improvement in capital efficiency. Specifically looking at the Turner formation, which was our top development target in 2019 the team did a fantastic job of substantially reducing cycle times and recognizing savings of more than $1 million per well as well cost pushed towards $6 million per well by year end. As I look ahead to the upcoming year, our highest priority in the Powder River Basin is the delineation of our Niobrara potential. Our Niobrara position consisting of 200,000 net acres in the core of the play's chalk window has repeatable resource play characteristics and the potential to be an important growth driver for Devon longer term. Over the past two years, results from our Niobrara appraisal work have confirmed this potential with 11 operated wells now online and the average 30-day rates from these oil-prone wells reaching as high as 1,500 BOEs per day. Further progressing the team's confidence, our initial spacing test brought online in the second half of 2019 would suggest the commercial potential for at least three to four wells per section. These tests have also confirmed our ability to develop the Niobrara independent of the deeper Turner interval. Based on positive operating results obtained to-date, we are doubling our Niobrara activity in 2020 to approximately 15 wells. With this increased capital allocation, we are methodically focusing our delineation efforts in the Southwest quadrant of our acreage, which we call Atlas West and has delivered some of the highest oil rates in the basin. With additional success, we believe it's possible to ready a portion of our Atlas West acreage for full field development in 2021. And finally, our Eagle Ford and STACK assets are successfully fulfilling their strategically important roles in our portfolio providing nearly $600 million of free cash flow over the past year. Specifically in the Eagle Ford, the key message I want to convey is that we have reestablished operational momentum in the play with our new partner, exiting the year producing around 53,000 BOEs per day. Our fourth quarter operations were impacted by a well control event related to surface equipment. This situation has been resolved but it did result in estimated downtime of 9,000 BOEs per day in the quarter and remediation costs in the quarter of approximately $7 million. Looking ahead to 2020, we expect to maintain strong operational continuity in the Eagle Ford running an average of three to four rig lines through most of the year. This disciplined and capital-efficient plan is expected to deliver a modest increase in our production volumes on a year-over-year basis while staying true to the role of generating significant amounts of free cash flow. Lastly in the STACK, we are excited about our recently announced Dow joint venture. With the Dow deal we have monetized half of our working interest in 133 undrilled locations in exchange for a $100 million drilling carry over the next four years. This innovative agreement will help us bring forward value in the STACK, while delivering carry-enhanced returns that compete effectively for capital within our portfolio. In addition to the benefits of a drilling carry, our returns are also expected to be enhanced by lower well cost from focused infill drilling and from midstream incentive rates that substantially improve per unit operating cost for each new well brought online. Initial activity from the Dow joint venture will begin in the second quarter of 2020 with a two-rig program developing the 18-well Jacobs Row in Northern Canadian County. First production from the Jacobs Row is forecast to occur in early 2021. While we will continue to look for smart ways to enhance the value of our STACK position, we are quite pleased with the initial step we have taken with Dow. That concludes my prepared remarks. And I would like to turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody: Thanks David. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning. Dave the 2020 capital allocation obviously 60% going to the Delaware, 20% to Powder, 17% to the Eagle Ford and 3% in the STACK. And the STACK CapEx is down from call it a 16% mix last year. How comfortable are you with the complement -- complementary assets in the portfolio to the Delaware? And how are you thinking about inorganic opportunities as we did see a favorable reaction to the WPX Felix transaction, which was announced a few weeks ago?
Dave Hager : Sure Arun. Yeah, first off, we are very comfortable with the capital allocation we have and frankly the shift of capital from the STACK to the Delaware is the primary reason that you're going to see the growth that we have described in 2021 in general terms, why that is sustainable over a longer period of time, because if you think about it conceptually it takes nine to 12 months for first production to come from capital. And so really for the most part the capital that we're spending in 2020 where we've shifted some of that capital to the Delaware is being reflected in 2021 production results, which is driving that oil growth rate. And that is sustainable for many, many years with the deep inventory of opportunities that we have in the Delaware Basin. So that's fundamentally why we're going to see the kind of growth rates that we're describing here for a long time. Now given that that we are comfortable and we are driving higher capital efficiencies internally, we're driving higher levels of cash flow and focused on returning that value to shareholders through increased capital efficiencies and the higher cash flow that we're generating, we have no need to do an acquisition. Now are we looking at opportunities? Absolutely. That -- we are in the deal flow. We're always going to be in a deal flow. We think that's part of our job. But we are going to be incredibly disciplined around any decision regarding that because of the strength of our internal portfolio that we have and the confidence that we have that we're going to be able to continue to drive higher cash flow through the oil growth and increased capital efficiencies.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And I had one operating question. I know there's been a lot of excitement around the Cat Scratch area Todd. We did want to see if you could maybe elaborate on the initial delineation success in the Potato Basin. I think your pad is just south of Oxy's height and length 14-well program. So I was wondering if you could talk about some of the implications of these delineation results and perhaps capital allocation on a go-forward basis in this fifth part of your Delaware Basin portfolio.
David Harris : Arun, this is David Harris. Thanks for the question. Yeah, we're really excited about the Potato Basin areas. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this is an area where some other companies including Oxy as you mentioned have been active for a little while. Spud Muffin is our first operated test. We brought seven wells online there and they far exceeded our expectations for that area. And so we think we're going to see increasing activity out there not just from an industry perspective, but you'll increasingly see it compete for capital within our portfolio. I think if you look in the operations report at kind of how we've allocated capital throughout the year, it's going to be roughly about 20% of our capital or so going forward. And so it's one of the things that we like about the Delaware position that we have in the five core areas. We're diversified across the basin of Southeast New Mexico and think that that will continue to be an exciting area for us going forward.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks for those comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Actually I'm wondering if I could just follow-up on Arun's question on the Delaware inventory. Dave, we haven't really heard you talk about inventory depth in quite a while at least not in terms of numbers in your slide deck. So, I just wondered if you could give us an update as to how that risk development inventory looks, particularly in the Delaware. And if I may this bolt-on a part B to that, we haven't really heard a lot of people talk much about interference or parent-child issues since I guess about a year ago. So I just want to make sure that we're -- you guys are comfortable with the spacing that you're developing the Delaware at this point.
Dave Hager: Yeah. Thanks Doug. Well, frankly we have the inventory slide in our corporate deck I think everything up until this presentation. There's no big news. We just had a lot of other information we wanted to cover on in this operations report. So, we didn't have it in there. But there's -- and David Harris can give you a little bit more detail on this, but we have a very deep inventory in the Delaware Basin that is going to compete for capital for many, many years. And that's going to be the underpinning of the growth in the company. Now when we say we have that kind of inventory, we are obviously thinking about issues such as what is the right spacing, parent-child relationships, et cetera. That's all incorporated in that. Now, I think you may in the future and we're constantly refreshing this, our feelings on this, you may see at some point that the actual number of locations may change. But that's because we're driving to longer and longer laterals all the time, and so it may take less wells to deliver the same resource. But -- which is again part of the capital efficiency drive that we're on as a company. But the resource is really not -- I don't think is going to be changing significantly. So David, do you want to add any beyond that?
David Harris: Yeah. You bet. I guess one thing I would add specifically in addition to some of the things that Dave noted, from a capital efficiency perspective as we laid out the roughly 2,000 wells of risked Delaware inventory last year and we're going to bring on about 130 spuds or so this year, so that's about 15 years of inventory. As Dave said, we have a long, long runway of high-quality things to do. One of the things that we really haven't reflected go forward that we think will continue to improve the quality of that inventory is the capital efficiency and the step change that we're seeing. There's -- when you're able to reduce your cost and cycle times as material as we have been and think we'll be able to continue to do, and as you're able to enhance the productivity of your well certainly that's going to have a positive impact as you roll forward and think about the development of that resource base going forward.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers, fellows. I want to maybe jump to a question for Jeff, if I may. It's got a bit of a Delaware question embedded in it. But Jeff you talked about the 5% to 10% payout ratio for dividends. Can you talk about what the right mix -- I actually just want to think about how you think about the right mix of cash returns. The long-term mid-cycle or mid-single-digit growth I should say, is kind of a new number. Is that an output of the planning process? Is that a target? How do you mix all those things together? And I guess I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah. Doug I would say it's more of an output. It's a balance. We've had a balance for all the different targets and metrics that we've been talking about from a growth standpoint, from the payout ratio and the dividend. Actually I would back up and say, what underpins all of that is that lowering that breakeven funding level for us. So you heard us talk about the $46.50 for 2021. We're working obviously to lower that every day. And that's really going to underpin our financial strategy going forward as we add high-margin assets to the portfolio through the capital allocation that we've talked about more so to the Delaware on a go-forward basis. So, when we think about how that competes relative -- not only to our sector, but I would point you to the broader S&P 500 sector, we've looked at what is the kind of free cash flow yield that looks competitive. We think it's probably something in the 5% to 10% range. You marry that with what you -- what our dividend should look like and how competitive that is not only again to the S&P -- excuse me, to the E&P sector, but the broader S&P 500. And then we try to marry all that together and spit out what we think is a pretty competitive game plan not just from growth but on all those free cash flow metrics as well.
Doug Leggate: So Jeff to be clear you're tapping the spending or are you targeting a growth rate?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. It's really a returns-based focus. So we start from the ground up in building our game plan and portfolio and we allocate as much capital as we can to the highest-return products and everything else just falls out of that.
Doug Leggate: All right. Thanks so much, guys.
Jeff Ritenour: And we measure that against the broader competitive landscape to make sure that we're in line and competitive with our peers and then the broader S&P 500.
Dave Hager: Doug I guess, what we're trying to say here is we look at a combination of returns, growth and free cash flow generation and try to optimize at a level that is the best for all three of those metrics. And so it's not an absolute one or the other. It's an interactive look at those variables and see what we think makes the most sense overall.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thanks. I got it. Thanks so much, guys. I appreciate the – answer the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Dave Hager: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on the updated corporate breakeven. So your two-year now is averaging $46.50 WTI and $2 Henry Hub. Can you just talk about how the breakeven in 2021 compares to 2020? And any changes you have to the assumptions that are embedded into that? I guess kind of what we're getting at is that the 2020 breakeven benefit from momentum in 2019 and hedges and that's true for a lot of E&Ps right now but there's also some offsets as well for you guys too. But the average $46.50 over two years seems to imply an improvement in 2021. So just any color that you would have on that would be great beyond just the timing of the Wolfcamp activity?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine you're spot on. That's exactly right. It does imply improved breakeven in 2021 versus 2020. You're right. We do get – we have taken the benefit of the hedges that we have in place as it relates to 2020 but I'll point you back to some comments Dave made earlier, which is a function of our capital program. The capital that we're spending and the allocation to the Delaware and specifically the Wolfcamp in 2020 is what's really driving that improved capital efficiency in 2021. And so it's just increasing our ability to lower that breakeven in future years.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And then my second question is on dividend coverage. We've seen a lot of increases so far this earnings season. And when Devon thinks about dividend growth and the risk/reward associated with that, on what WTI price are you comfortable with in terms of dividend coverage on an unhedged basis?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. We – Jeanine, as we said in our prepared remarks and I think we've talked about in the past, we've tried to build the business around a $50 oil and kind of $2 gas price. So that's where we start with our base business plan and then evaluate obviously the different market dynamics as we go through each year with our Board to determine where the – where the dividend ultimately lands. But as we – as I discussed in my prepared remarks, what underlies our policy, our dividend policy is that 5% to 10% kind of payout ratio, which we think is very competitive with the peer group and the broader S&P 500.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hi, good morning.
David Harris: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. Hi, Dave. Dave, can you maybe share if there's any information about the Atlas West data you moved into the full development? What kind of resource potential number of prospect inventory that kind of information that maybe we – you can share with us?
David Harris: Paul, this is David Harris. If I understood the question correctly you were asking about resource potential and potential inventory in our Atlas West area is that correct?
Paul Cheng: That's correct that you were talking about, if the 2020 delineation to be successful as expected then you will move into development in 2021. So I mean, how big is this development plan? Or that is the area that we are talking about?
David Harris: Yes. So when we talk about Atlas West and Atlas East, it's our entire 200,000 acre position in the northern part of Converse County. So as a reminder that doesn't include any of our acreage up in Campbell, where other operators have been active in the Niobrara. As we think about that position, it's probably early before we move into development to really give you specific resource sort of numbers. But if you just did some pretty simple math at kind of the three-well spacing, which we think is kind of the bottom end of where we'd be that likely points you to something in the neighborhood of about 500 locations.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Great. And
David Harris: And…
Paul Cheng: Yeah. I’m sorry.
David Harris: I was just going to clarify that that's -- those would be two-mile locations.
Paul Cheng: Right. And then that's including both Atlas West and Atlas East or just Atlas West?
David Harris: Both.
Paul Cheng: Both. Okay. The second question is that in the event when you guys just looking at any inorganic opportunity, what financial and operating matrix that will be used in the valuation? And what type of minimum matrix that you need before you would even consider? So we're trying to understand the process there. How that works?
Dave Hager: Well, the first -- yeah, and again the most important thing to think about on this is what I said earlier in response to I think Doug's question is that we have a great game plan internally to start with. So we feel no need to do any inorganic type activity at all. Now as I said, we are in a deal flow, but we're going to be extremely disciplined. Frankly, we're in a deal flow for a couple other publics that transacted recently including the -- or a couple of deals including the Felix deal that transacted recently. So we're there and we understand what's going on overall. But to give you some idea for the criteria that we look at for any sort of M&A activity, we wanted to first off to be accretive to our financial metrics on a per-share basis. Second, it also has to fit strategically within the framework of our asset portfolio. So that it an area frankly where we can realize some sort of synergies beyond what are -- the way that is being executed right now whether that be G&A synergies, LOE synergies or capital efficiency synergies -- do we feel that we have a better way to develop these assets than are currently being developed. And then it have to compete for capital allocation within our portfolio as well. So those are some of the highest. A lot of say -- probably also one you might add would be margin expansion. Obviously, we're looking for ways that we can expand our margins overall as a company, and again, are there ways that we can reduce the cost overall of the combined entities. So that's overall the type criteria that we look at. Again, it's -- we're going to be -- remain extremely disciplined around these, because we think we absolutely have a strong strategy as it is. We have a strong asset base and we have the right people internally to execute on that these opportunities. And so we'll see if anything comes along to fit those criteria or not, but if it's -- if it doesn't that's fine because we feel very confident in our strategy.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Portillo: Good morning.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Portillo: My first question relates to STACK capital allocation. Just given the depressed natural gas and NGL environment at the moment, could you provide some color on how you're thinking about rates of return in the STACK JV at strip? And is there a price at which you might consider delaying development until you see an improvement in the forward curve, while pulling forward more free cash flow generation in 2020?
David Harris: Matt, this is David Harris. Yeah. In terms of STACK activity with Dow, as we've highlighted the first phase of the work that we're going to do with them is in the Jacobs Row, which is a Woodford Row development similar to some of the ones that we've done before. These are very predictable projects, and we're going to be looking at starting that project in the second quarter likely in the May time frame, which just given the size of the project likely means that the production isn't coming on until the first part of 2021. As we've modeled that, even at the strip today where we currently sit that initial project in the Jacobs Row represents a fully burdened rate of return of about 20%. So, given the predictability of that project, we feel good about that project internally. With respect to competing for capital obviously we have a partner. We want to stay aligned with them and so we'll continue to be mindful of the commodity price environment as we go forward and have the right kind of dialogue that you would expect as we think about forward decisions around the program.
Matt Portillo: Great. And then just a follow-up question on capital allocation. The PRB is still receiving a large portion of the development capital and looking back over the last two years on a capital efficiency basis, definitely appears that it's lagging the Delaware to some degree, but you're progressing a couple of different initiatives especially on appraisal. Just curious as you guys think about the 2020 program for the PRB, are there some indicators on the horizon that might show a step change in capital efficiency metrics this year as it relates to that asset? And then over time, if you don't see a material change in capital efficiency, is there the potential to reallocate more capital to the Delaware Basin?
David Harris: Yes. This is David again. Yes. I think the punchline answer to your question from a capital efficiency perspective you've already kind of hit on just in terms of the little earlier stage, nature of the assets, some of the appraisal work we're doing. So clearly we've got some science and data acquisition capital there as we're seeking to best understand the resource and how to move it into full-field development. And so I think throughout 2020 and into 2021, particularly with the Niobrara as we move into more of a development mode, we think you'll see a step change in that capital efficiency as we start to mature that asset.
Dave Hager: You've seen the changes in the Wolfcamp as an idea of how much we've been able to drive down drilling costs and completion costs once we go into full development mode and we haven't done any of that yet in the Niobrara. And so at this point, it's just really appraisal mode. So I don't know if the numbers are going to be identical to that or not, but I -- there is definitely -- teams have internal goals I can tell you that are pretty aggressive around cost reduction that they can achieve. Once we get into full development mode and great confidence, we're going to be able to do that. But right now the focus has been as David said more on the appraisal and understanding the resource. But once we get into the development mode then things can change pretty quickly.
Matt Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Downey of Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Downey: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe a follow-up on that one. So if you do move Atlas West and the PRB towards development in 2021, I'm curious broad-strokes that your flattish total 2021 CapEx level isn't how that may shift based on capital level allocation from elsewhere in 2021?
Dave Hager: Probably not a significant shift. We'd just be able to do more activity much more efficiently, but not a significant overall shift in the capital allocation.
Brian Downey: Okay. And then I had a question on your outlook to 2021. I was curious what service cost environment is currently contemplated in your updated 2020 CapEx guidance versus perhaps what pricing you saw in 4Q 2019, and then what if any deltas you're assuming on pricing or further efficiencies in the 2021 CapEx commentary?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. No. This is Jeff. We have built in some of the efficiencies that we saw in the second half of 2019 and in the fourth quarter of 2019 into the program. But as it relates to service costs inflation or deflation, we really left that flat. So we have seen some -- continue to see some deflationary environment on some of the services, so it could be a potential tailwind for us in 2020. But generally speaking, we've just assumed that that would be flat for the year.
Brian Downey: And is that flat from...
David Harris: And Brian just let me add a few other tidbits. You were asking about other nuances that may impact the modeling of that. And one thing you have to be mindful of is what the differentials we just carried forward kind of the current state that we're seeing right now into 2021. Where there could be upside on that is obviously is the Permian highway or Whistler comes online, you could potentially see some substantially improved realizations, but we did not build that in. And then also we saw the -- our LOE costs continue to go down as well in 2021, especially after some MBC payments roll off in the STACK. That will be a nice tailwind for us. And one other item you want to notice, we expect our G&A cost to continue to gravitate towards that $350 million target. So that would be another improvement you should account for when you're trying to calibrate to our estimates. Sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off there, but I'll let you ask your next question.
Brian Downey: Yes. No problem. Just to clarify on the flat service price comment. Is that flat from 4Q, flat from 2019 levels? Just want to make sure I'm clear on what the baseline is there.
Jeff Ritenour: Flat from full year.
Brian Downey: Okay. Perfect. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning all. Dave, my first question is for you or Jeff around your financing. Specifically, the recent drilling partnership with Dow, is this something that we could see in additional areas in the STACK or potentially other plays?
Dave Hager: Well, we have a great relationship with Dow. And we started our relationship in the Barnett actually with them with a similar type deal. This is a little bit larger deal. And so -- and we think this is going to work very well. And so, there may be potential for Dow somewhere else. There's also -- we're looking at some opportunities around OBO capital that are not going to fit our return criteria, whether there's opportunities to bring in a partner for some of those opportunities rather than just go non-consent on those wells, but actually have someone else come in and execute a program associated with that. So, that's -- that is another type deal that we're out there working on right now. There's a possibility in the future. And I'm not talking about with Dow at this point, but it could be with other partners.
Neal Dingmann: Interesting. Okay. And then, my follow-up my second question is on your shareholder return. You all have been aggressive in the last several months with stock repurchases. And I'm just wondering, would you all share some details on how you all think about capital allocation between these repurchases and the growth of dividends. And more specifically, I was just wondering about if you would continue to aggressively repurchase this much stock. Do you base it on what your yields or growth levels are? Just wondering, how you sort of balance those things. Thank you.
Dave Hager: Well, I'll just start off saying, we want to have a dividend and Jeff's outlined the 5% to 10% of cash from operations. We don't want to have a dividend that is sustainable and can grow through time and so we are I think a measured approach there. We have about a 2% yield right now I think where we're currently trading. But it's something that should be sustainable and grow through time. Jeff, can go through the numbers, the cash we have and the cash we're going to be bringing in and why we feel, we can continue to be aggressive on that side. We've set out our capital program. Again, we optimized that capital program already on the basis of how we think about our -- the returns on the program, the capital efficiency this generated, the growth rate that we feel is appropriate and the free cash flow that that will generate. So that's essentially established. So then, you go back to the free cash flow that we -- or the cash that we have as a company. And bottom line, we have the cash. Jeff can go through that and we think we're significantly undervalued. So it's a great investment opportunity.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. So Dave, you summed it up well. The only thing I would add is some specifics around the cash balances. We talked about this a little bit in the opening remarks, but we have about $1.8 billion of cash at year-end. We'll add to that with the Barnett divestiture, the $770 million roughly. And so, as Dave articulated, we feel like we can accomplish our financial objectives both on the debt repurchase and with $1 billion share repurchase program that our Board has approved for this year. So, we feel really good about our ability to continue returning cash to shareholders via the dividend and the share repurchase this year.
Neal Dingmann: That will make sense. Thank you, both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hey good morning. Just looking at slide 16, do you have the oil mix breakdown between the Wolfcamp and the Bone Springs? And was the Spud Muffin mix different than other pads?
Jeff Ritenour: And you're asking about the oil mix with regards to -- could you give us a little bit more detail? Specifically, are you looking for the quarter or just the projects that we brought on for the quarter?
Kevin MacCurdy: Yes, the projects that you brought on for the quarter in slide 16 the overall oil rate.
Jeff Ritenour: Okay. Yes. It's going to be about -- for the 30-day rates that we achieved in the quarter. It's going to be about 70% oil for those projects. Some are a little bit above that and some are a little bit above, but that's a good way to think about it.
Kevin MacCurdy: And do you have the mix between the Wolfcamp and the Bone Springs just thinking about as the program goes more towards the Wolfcamp next year?
Jeff Ritenour: Just scanning the numbers here, directionally they look about the same. So, they're around that 70% mark. So there's be -- big differentiation there on a 30-day rate or an EUR basis for that matter between the Wolfcamp and the Bone Spring.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up the Eagle Ford capital was a pleasant surprise. Do you have what the current well costs are there?
David Harris: This is David Harris. They're about $6 million plus or minus.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Ritenour: And just as a point of clarification. That's for about -- given the configuration of that development that's for about a 6,000 foot lateral.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dave you and your whole team there. I have just a couple of questions on the Delaware. The first one of the big things last quarter which is -- seems like it's dissipated here was the concern around federal land. And so it seems like that has -- it's at least receded this part of the conversation. But can you give us your view whether it's a -- whether it's kind of receded as an operational concern for you guys and if it's something that we should continue to focus on?
David Harris: Well, it's something that we're certainly aware of and we follow but we feel that we have a good plan and can adjust as appropriate. And I don't want to get into all the various legal arguments so -- on what could or could not take place. We've -- I can tell you we've studied it pretty extensively. And we think from a practical standpoint the most likely thing that could happen would be a slowdown in the permitting process with the BLM. And in preparation for that we are building an inventory of permits. The permits just so you know on federal land are actually two-year permits and then you can apply for a two-year extension on the permits. That's the max that anybody can get. And so we're building up our permit inventory if that eventuality would take place. Under the Obama administration, it took about 18 months or so to get a permit. Under the Trump administration, it's more like 6 months to get a permit and so we're preparing for that. But again that's one of the advantages of also having a multi-basin portfolio too is that we can reallocate capital away from federal lands. But in the meantime we're growing up the inventory if the permitting process does slow down. And again I know there's talk of other things that are more dramatic than that and we don't have time to get into all that from a legal discussion here on the call, but I think we've looked at a lot of those issues. And this is what we think is by far the most likely scenario that we should prepare for.
Charles Meade: Got it. Thanks for that Dave. And then I just want to touch on one other base with respect to the shift to the Wolfcamp and the better capital efficiency. So I think you've said that you've that -- you made note earlier in the call about how you really worked hard to get your drilling times and your D&C costs down on the Wolfcamp and the Delaware Basin. But the other piece of that puzzle the well productivity can you just recap for us what if anything is changed or what you've learned over the last year or the last six months that is the other part of the puzzle that is going to power this step higher in capital efficiency as you shift to the Wolfcamp in the Delaware?
Dave Hager: Yes. And first off Charles if you look at slide 18 you'll show -- we showed the drilling and completion costs. For the Wolfcamp wells we had $880 per foot. I think that compares extremely well against what some other people are talking about probably even today and that's again just the Wolfcamp. And if we looked at our entire well mix it would -- of the Delaware Basin it'd be even a much lower dollar per foot. And so just keep that in mind when you hear some other numbers out there that -- about the on the efficiency side. On the productivity side I think we're finding and we've learned a lot about the Wolfcamp. I'll tell you who can probably get a little bit more detail. David why don't you run with it here? I got a few ideas but I think you probably have better ones than I do. So take that off.
David Harris: Yes. You bet. I think at the core of it over the last several years as we've increased our technical focus we are really doing integrated reservoir modeling from a multidisciplinary approach and what that's led to is a high-grade of landing zones and targets. And so I think that's probably -- as much as anything that's the biggest driver that you're seeing from a productivity standpoint is the higher-end technical work we're doing. We're targeting the best parts of these landing zones. Our geo-steering capabilities is something we've invested in over the -- several years ago starting several years ago keeping those wells in zone substantially through that entire lateral. All those things add up on a cumulative basis to kind of -- to drive the step change performance that you've seen from a productivity perspective.
Charles Meade: Thank you for the color, David.
Scott Coody: Well I see we're at the top of the hour. So I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you and good morning. Last night, we issued our earnings release, operations report and forward-looking guidance. Those documents can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Joining me today on the call are Dave Hager, our President and CEO, David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; and Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks, uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
David Hager: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter is another one of exceptional execution for Devon across all aspects of our business. The bull strategy we announced earlier this year to transform to a high-quality, multi-basin U.S. oil company is working and it's working quite well. By sharpening our focus on our very best U.S. oil assets, the operating teams at Devon are delivering results that are exceeding expectations. Capital efficient and cost -- capital efficiency and cost reduction targets by a wide margin. This trend of excellence is now well established over multiple quarters and evidenced by several noteworthy accomplishments year-to-date. First, our returns-oriented focus and strong operational execution is translating into attractive rates of return. Year-to-date, the fully burdened rate of return on our capital program has exceeded 25%, and the cash return on total capital employed is also strong, trending well above 20%. The attractive returns we have delivered year-to-date are a function of the learnings we attained from appraisal work in prior years. By deploying these learnings to our highly focused development program in 2019, we have made substantial improvements in drilling and completion designs, reduced cycle times and increased well productivity through enhanced subsurface target selection. This step change improvement in execution has allowed us to raise our oil growth outlook 3 times this year while lowering our capital spending guidance. We have also acted with a sense of urgency to materially improve our cost structure. Our multiyear cost savings initiatives are now on pace to achieve more than 80% of our targeted $780 million in annual cost reductions by year-end. Importantly, our operational performance and cost reduction success have allowed us to generate free cash flow at levels that are ahead of plan. Coupled with asset sales, we are now on track to generate more than $3 billion of excess cash this year. With this abundant cash flow, we are delivering on our promise to reduce leverage and return capital to shareholders. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong at 1x net debt to EBITDA, we have increased our dividend by 13% and are on track to reduce our share count approximately 30% by year-end. As you can see from these highlights, Devon is executing at a very high level on every strategic objective underpinning our strategy. Our unwavering focus on what we can control is delivering compelling financial and operational results that are demonstrating a positive rate of change unique among our competitors. Clearly, we have accomplished quite a bit this year-to-date, and there is plenty of excitement left in 2019 as our upcoming fourth quarter are full of catalyst-rich events. The Delaware is set to attain another meaningful step-up in oil production due to several high-impact projects coming online in Q4, headlined by our Cat Scratch Fever 2.0 project. There are also several good things happening in the Powder River Basin. We are raising our oil exit target rate -- exit rate target and our Niobrara appraisal work is unlocking a new resource play for us. The Eagle Ford will also be worth watching as we have officially reestablished operational momentum with our new partner and expect to bring online more than 25 high-rate wells in the fourth quarter. And lastly, with regard to our Barnett sale process, the bids are in and we continue to advance the process with interested parties. We expect to exit the Barnett by year-end at a price that is consistent with our view of the intrinsic value of the asset. Looking ahead to 2020, we have conviction in our multiyear plan and expect to progress the operational scale of our business and the highest return areas of our portfolio while delivering growth in free cash flow. With the significant improvements in capital efficiency we have experienced across our asset portfolio, we believe we can achieve the strategic objectives of our multiyear plan with substantially lower capital requirements compared to the original projection we laid out in February of this year. However, before I get into the details of our 2020 outlook, I want to share with investors our capital allocation priorities for the upcoming year. As always, Devon's top priority will be to fund maintenance capital requirements at quarterly dividend. Once this objective is met, the next step in our capital allocation process is to selectively deploy capital to high-return projects that will efficiently expand the cash flow of the business. Importantly, our plan meets all these capital allocation priorities at a low breakeven funding price of $48 WTI and $250 Henry Hub pricing. This ultra-low breakeven pricing point provides us with a substantial margin of safety to execute on our capital program while navigating through the inevitable commodity price volatility we will encounter. Should this volatility drive prices higher, we will remain disciplined, and the benefits of any pricing windfall above our conservative base planning scenario will manifest itself in higher levels of free cash flow for shareholders, not higher capital spending. Conversely, should we see price volatility to the downside, we have designed our operating plan to have the flexibility and agility to appropriately react to changes in the macro environment. Although we are still finalizing the details of our 2020 operating plan, I can tell you we are directionally planning on a capital program in a range of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion. This level of activity is expected to generate oil growth of 7% to 9% compared to 2019 on a retained asset basis. When you account for the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program, oil growth rates jump into the mid- to high teens on a per share basis. As I've already emphasized, our 2020 plan is designed to completely fund our capital requirements at an ultra-low WTI breakeven price of $48. Furthermore, this conservative plan provides significant torque to the upside as we can generate free cash flow of $400 million at $55 WTI pricing. With our updated outlook, I hope this one key message resonates that Devon's capital efficiency continues to trend meaningfully ahead of our multiyear plan. This is evidenced by our cumulative capital spending in 2019 and 2020, which is projected to decline by approximately $400 million or 10% less than the original plan we outlined this February. Importantly, our oil growth outlook over the same 2-year time frame remains on track with the original plan. While this is a great result, we are not content with the substantial progress we have made. The management team at Devon is laser-focused on optimizing returns and driving capital efficiency for our shareholders. I expect to have more positive updates on this topic in the near future. And the final item I'd like to address is a recent political rhetoric regarding drilling and fracking moratoriums on federal lands. Although we believe substantial obstacles exist for such an idea to be enacted into law, I do want to highlight that only 20% of our total company-wide leasehold resides on federal land. Within our core focus areas, our largest federal acreage holding resides in the Powder River Basin, which accounts for nearly 60% of our leasehold in that operating area. In the Delaware Basin, roughly half of our acreage is federal and our STACK -- Eagle Ford and STACK assets reside almost entirely on private lands. Regardless of how the politics of this issue will ultimately be resolved, I do want to emphasize that we have been building a deep inventory of federal drilling permits in our highest confidence development areas within the Delaware and Powder River Basin. Furthermore, our diversified multi-basin portfolio provides a flexibility and a depth of inventory within each of our core basins to be nimble and quickly pivot drilling activity to private leasehold that is highly economic and well positioned on the cost curve. While our diversified portfolio positions us well to adapt to a scenario such as this, we fundamentally believe that the basic notion of such campaign rhetoric is fraught with serious economic ramifications. This proposal would unfairly harm the communities that financially benefit from our business activity as well as impact the broader U.S. economy from an inevitable spike in energy costs that would unnecessarily limit GDP growth. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'd now like to turn -- introduce and turn the call over to David Harris. David was recently appointed Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, replacing my good friend, Tony Vaughn, who is retiring from Devon after 20 years of service. Many of you know David. But for those of you who do not, David has been at Devon for more than a decade and is a seasoned and trusted leader who has been instrumental in strengthening Devon into the world-class U.S. oil company it is today. David?
David Harris: Thank you for the introduction, Dave. Together with our talented operating teams here at Devon, I look forward to continuing to execute on the operating strategy that will drive the next financial growth and strong returns for the company. And given our third quarter results and outlook, we continue to hit on all cylinders. For my prepared remarks today, I will cover the asset-specific highlights that are driving this enterprise-level success. Beginning with our [indiscernible] asset in the Delaware, production continued to rapidly increase in the third quarter, growing 59% on a year-over-year basis. This strong production result was driven by a Leonard Shale oriented program in the quarter, which accounted for roughly half of the 34 new wells that commenced production. Based on learnings from prior projects, our operating teams have refined Leonard development spacing at around 6 wells per drilling unit primarily targeting the Leonard B interval. The execution of these Leonard developments was excellent. Results have exceeded type curve expectations with 30-day rates averaging 2,200 BOEs per day, of which 70% was oil. At an average cost of $7.5 million a well, the returns from this Leonard activity rank among the very best projects we have executed this year. Looking ahead, the setup for the Delaware Basin in the fourth quarter is very strong. Our diversified development activity across all 5 of our core areas in the state line area continues to progress right on plan, positioning the Delaware for another quarter of strong oil growth. In the aggregate, we expect to bring online more than 30 wells in the fourth quarter with the top catalyst being our 10-well Cat Scratch Fever 2.0 project. Cat Scratch 2.0 directly offsets the record-setting Phase 1 project immediately to the southeast in our world-class Todd area. While geologic mapping indicates that this thin spot thins a bit to the east, we do expect Cat Scratch 2.0 to be special and more prolific than the typical Second Bone Spring project. Lastly, in the Delaware, another noteworthy trend I would like to highlight is our improving capital efficiency. In the most recent quarter, our drilled and completed feet per day metrics in the Wolfcamp improved 45% and 65% year-over-year, respectively. This positive trend is very important as we expect the majority of our drilling activity to target the Wolfcamp formation next year. These steadily improving cycle times and costs will provide capital efficiency momentum heading into 2020. The next asset I would like to discuss is the Powder River Basin, one of the top emerging oil growth opportunities in North America. In the third quarter, our full-field development activity targeting the Turner, Parkman and Teapot formations in our Super Mario Area drove oil production 25% higher year-over-year. With this drill bit success, we are raising our 2019 oil exit rate growth target in the Powder River to more than 70% compared to 2018, up from our previous target of greater than 50%. This strong growth is accompanied by structural improvements to our capital efficiency as we attain operating scale in the play. Specifically, with the Turner formation, our top development target in 2019, we have achieved capital savings of greater than $1 million per well or nearly 20% compared to last year. Another critically important initiative underway in the Powder River is the delineation of our Niobrara shale potential in the basin. Our 200,000 net acre Niobrara position in the core of the oil fairway possesses repeatable resource play characteristics with the potential to be an important growth platform for Devon in 2020 and beyond. Over the past year, industry permitting has accelerated, more than 30 new Niobrara wells have been brought online around our acreage position in Converse and Campbell counties. Specifically for Devon, we are methodically focusing our delineation efforts in the southwest quadrant of our acreage called Atlas West, which has delivered the top oil rates in the basin. To date, we have brought online 8 operated wells that have averaged 30-day rates as high as 1,500 BOE per day with a 90% oil mix. Further progressing our confidence in this play are 2 spacing tests we commenced production on during the quarter in Atlas West. These spacing tests have shown positive results for the commercial potential of 3 Niobrara wells per section and the ability to develop the Niobrara independently of the deeper Turner interval. By the time of our next call in February, we expect to have several more appraisal wells online further delineating our Atlas West acreage position. With positive operating results we've obtained to date coupled with several encouraging industry data points, it is likely that the Niobrara will compete for increased capital allocation in 2020 with potential for us to double our drilling activity. And finally, our Eagle Ford and STACK assets are successfully fulfilling their respective roles in our portfolio, providing more than $600 million of free cash flow over the past year. In the Eagle Ford play, the key message I want to convey is that we have officially reestablished operational momentum with our new partner in the play. With peak completion activity for the year occurring in the third quarter, we expect a strong production response in Q4 with more than 25 Eagle Ford wells scheduled to come online. The impact from these high-quality wells is projected to increase our Eagle Ford net production to between 50,000 and 55,000 BOEs per day in the fourth quarter. We're still working on details for the 2020 plan with our partner, but our intent is to target an average of 3- to 4-rig lines. This level of activity would maintain our base production profile and advance our infill and redevelopment work in the lower and upper Eagle Ford while generating meaningful levels of free cash flow for the company. And lastly, in the STACK, our infill development program continues to deliver strong operational results. Our recent Meramec development space at 4 to 6 wells per unit are exceeding type curve expectations and we have lowered well costs by as much as 30%. We still have a deep drilling inventory in the overpressured oil window of the play. But given recent weakness in gas and NGL prices, we continue to reduce activity in the STACK. In fact, we've recently dropped to 0 rigs in the play as higher returns currently exist within other oilier projects in our portfolio. While STACK activity may be down, it is not indefinitely out. We are actively working to rejuvenate returns in the play to more competitive levels within our portfolio by lowering our D&C costs and through evaluation of partnership and drillco structures. While I have nothing specific to announce today, I can confirm that we're encouraged by ongoing discussions that are taking place with well-capitalized counterparties. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, David. I'll spend my time today discussing the progress we've made advancing our financial strategy and detailing the future benefits of our plan. A good place to start is by highlighting our financial performance in the quarter, where Devon's earnings from continuing operations totaled $0.35 per share, exceeding consensus estimates. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $597 million, a 22% increase compared to the year ago period despite lower benchmark pricing. This level of cash flow exceeded capital spending, resulting in free cash flow of $56 million for the quarter. This strong financial performance was underpinned by oil production that exceeded the top end of our guidance, per unit LOE cost improving by 19% year-over-year, G&A and financing costs that were reduced by more than 25% versus the previous year and capital efficiencies that are trending well ahead of our plan. Turning to the balance sheet. Over the past 3 months, we've made significant progress strengthening our investment-grade financial position. In the quarter, we retired $1.5 billion of senior notes reducing our total debt to $4.3 billion and net financing costs by 25% year-over-year. Strategically, this debt reduction activity focused on near-term maturities to completely clear Devon's debt maturity runway until late 2025. We are carefully evaluating the next steps in our debt reduction program as we keep a close watch on interest rates and credit spreads. Overall, we are well on our way to achieving the $3 billion debt reduction target. With strip prices where they are today, we expect our net debt to EBITDA ratio to trend towards the low end of our 1 to 1.5x targeted range as we execute on our multiyear plan. In the third quarter, we were also very active with our share repurchase program completing $550 million of share repurchases in the period. Since the program began in 2018, we've repurchased 147 million shares at a total cost of $4.8 billion, and we are on pace to reduce our outstanding share count 30% by year-end. In addition to our share repurchase activity, we are also returning cash directly to our shareholders through our quarterly dividend, which we've increased by 50% since 2018. Year-to-date, share repurchases and dividends total over $1.7 billion, representing the cash yield to shareholders of 20% when compared to our current market capitalization. This follows repurchases and dividends in 2018 totaling $3.2 billion or a 35% yield to shareholders. Moving forward, we expect additional cash returns for our shareholders as our multiyear plan builds momentum. We will continue the use of the dividend and share repurchases to deliver free cash flow to our investors. As Dave touched on in his opening remarks, our 2020 plan is set up for attractive per share growth and free cash flow generation of $400 million at a $55 WTI price deck. To put this into context, the free cash flow we expect to generate in 2020 is equivalent to 5% of our current market capitalization. We believe this free cash flow yield is very competitive with other sectors in the broader S&P 500 Index that possess valuation multiples far in excess of Devon's supporting the continuation of our share repurchases into the future. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: I was wondering if you could discuss your plans in the Delaware Basin for 2020. I think this year, you're going to be placing under production about 117 wells. I wanted to see if you can give some thoughts on the program next year, lateral lengths and number of wells. And where do you see well cost on per lateral foot basis in the Delaware?
David Harris: I'll start this off, Arun. It's a bit premature for us to provide any specific guidance as far as the amount of wells or even the cadence of the wells for 2020. We'll keep it to the preliminary guide that we provided at a high level in our earnings materials. But that being said, with regards to our allocation at the Delaware, it's certainly going to be our top funded asset by a wide margin. Proportionately, you would probably directionally expect that level of funding to be similar to what you're seeing this year. And obviously, the PRB and the Eagle Ford would be top funded assets as well within our portfolio. And as always, with the extended reach laterals, we continue to push towards having longer laterals every year. And if you saw our recent operations report, we're pushing towards 10,000 in virtually every area that we operate. So that's a good news story where the capital efficiency continues to improve.
David Hager: Arun, this is Dave. I may just make one more comment on just the capital efficiency or the cost reduction side. If you go to, obviously, Slide 16 in the operations reported, it really shows how we're continuing to get drilling and completion efficiencies. So we think they are leading the industry in cost per foot -- drilling completion cost per foot, but we're not done. And I can tell you, the way we've guided and built into our 2020 guidance, we are still seeing that we think there's opportunity to do even better, and we're working on some things and having early results that back that up.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up. On Slide 5, you guys present your updated guidance on the cost structure. Maybe for you, Jeff. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how you expect the cost structure to trend for the new Devon in 2020. And maybe also provide some thoughts on how do you think realizations or differentials will trend for the three main product groups for the new Devon.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Arun, you bet. Yes, I would say, generally speaking, we continue to expect per unit cost to trend lower as we move into 2020 really across the board from an LOE and a G&A standpoint. Obviously, the financing cost piece is going to be dependent on the timing of our debt repurchase. But again, that's another area where we would see a continued reduction in our cost structure as we move into 2020. As it relates to the realizations, I would -- as a general statement, I would say, I would expect it to look a little bit like this year. There's obviously -- it looks like there's going to be continued pressure on WAHA pricing coming out of the Delaware. But with the hedges that we have in place as well as some of the takeaway options we have there, we think we're going to mitigate that to some degree. Oil pricing coming out of the Delaware, we feel really good about. There's obviously plenty of pipeline capacity there to move the product. And we generally have a pretty balanced approach there, getting about -- 50% of our production is exposed to Gulf Coast pricing and the remainder would get exposed to that Midland area pricing, which right now looks pretty positive. It's actually trading at a premium relative to WTI.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai from Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: So my question is on 2020 capital efficiency in the corporate breakeven. You've reported a pretty low 2020 corporate breakeven of $48 WTI. And I believe the original 2019 breakeven was around $46 WTI, but that was at higher gas and NGL prices. So I'm just trying to get a sense of the year-over-year change in capital efficiency on an apples-to-apples basis. So if you were to normalize for pricing, what's the change in the corporate breakeven in 2020 relative to this year?
David Hager: Well, I don't know if I have an absolute number normalized for pricing. I think the easiest way to think about it is look at Slide 9 in the deck where we're saying we're delivering all of the oil growth that we had originally planned over the 2-year time frame. But yet, we're doing it for $400 million less capital versus our original plan. And so obviously, on a normalized basis, if we went back to the original pricing, it would be below $46. I don't know if we have an exact number of what that may be.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine, this is Jeff. I actually don't have the absolute number, but Dave described it well. And obviously, the biggest driver of that is the capital efficiency that we're seeing in the Delaware and really across the board in each of our different areas. But the Delaware, obviously, is the biggest component of our capital spend, and that's the biggest driver of that capital efficiency that we're seeing on a multiyear basis.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And then my follow-up, if I could just dig in to your last comment about the improvement. You mentioned that it's mostly getting driven by the Delaware. But how much of it is also for 2020 driven by just taking capital out of the STACK versus any well cost reductions or any cyclical factors? And I'm not sure -- I think your corporate breakeven is on a hedge basis as well.
David Hager: Yes.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine, that's correct. It does include the benefit of hedges, which, for 2020, is relatively minor at this point.
David Hager: David Harris, I think you can answer that.
David Harris: Yes. Jeanine, in terms of capital efficiency, to Jeff's point, we're seeing a lot of progress across the board in the Delaware specifically. On the drilling side, we've changed our wellbore design. We've gone to a slim hole design that we've modified to a slightly larger hole that's allowing much faster drilling times. On the completion side, we continue to relentlessly attack nonproductive time and flat time, moving equipment around and when we're doing zipper fracs. And as we talked to you about before on the facility side, the move from more complex and customized facilities to more standardized and modular designs has driven a real step change in our performance there. These improvements really aren't just limited to the Delaware though. In the Rockies, we continue to see cost reductions and expected to see material further cost reductions. As we've highlighted in the Turner, we've had a 20% improvement year-over-year and continue to believe that we're going to see similar rate of change in the Niobrara as we continue to derisk that position and move more into development mode. In the STACK, we're seeing capital efficiency improvements from more efficient infill spacing results and improved stimulation designs. Just on the completion side alone, we've seen a 15% decrease in our costs since the beginning of the year, so we're really encouraged by that. And then obviously, working with a new partner in the Eagle Ford. As you saw in the ops report, we've driven somewhere around $1 million per well out as we've debundled services and worked with more efficient vendors and applied best practices from other parts of our asset base to that asset go forward. So we feel good about the capital efficiencies we're seeing across the entire portfolio and really want to make sure you appreciate it's not just limited to what we're doing in the Delaware.
David Hager: The only thing I'd add, Jeanine, is we are allocating a significant amount of capital to the Delaware and last to the STACK, but don't count the STACK out. I see some work that we're doing internally in the STACK. We're driving down the well cost. We are doing some outstanding technical work in there. And it's just because of the high-quality of our portfolio that we are allocating more to the Delaware. But the STACK is still there. It's not far away from getting funding and it's going to be a significant part of our portfolio for a long time to go, and you're going to see capital allocated to STACK in future years. And it's going to be good, strong returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Philosophically, when you think about production growth, is 7% to 9% what you would see as the more normal oil growth rate if current commodity prices hold? Or do you see acceleration be backing up some of your comments on further cost reductions, reallocation to STACK or other areas?
David Hager: Well, I think the main thing to understand is that we have the capability and the resource that we can deploy capital and generate strong returns at various growth rates. So we aren't really limited by the amount of resource and amount of opportunities with the amount of growth. It is really trying to maximize the capital efficiency of our program as well as to generate competitive growth, along with competitive free cash flow yield. And so we're trying to balance all of those variables. Given that, we think, as a company, that's appropriate for us to target high single-digit growth rates and mid-single-digit free cash flow yields. And that allows us to invest in very high-return opportunities. So we think, at this point, that's the right decision. Obviously, we're open to feedback from our shareholders on whether they think that's appropriate as well. But we think it's a strong program that's underpinned by very high-return projects. And we do, again, have the flexibility to grow at higher or lower rates, but we have no shortage of opportunities to do that for a long time.
Brian Singer: Great. And then my follow-up is on your ops report, the Slide #18. You talked about the visibility of several hundred inventory locations in the Todd area. You talked to Cat Scratch Fever 2.0 in the prepared remarks. Can you talk to the characteristics of how the costs and the oil EURs from that broader inventory compare versus what you drilled in 2019 and what you expect to drill in 2020?
David Harris: Brian, this is David. I think we expect it to continue to be an important growth driver for the foreseeable future. You've obviously got a highly charged reservoir there with stacked pay. As we've highlighted on Cat Scratch 2.0, we do see the pace in a bit to the east. And so we wouldn't expect copycat results all the way across it, but we think these are going to be some of the most compelling projects in the Lower 48 for the foreseeable future.
Brian Singer: And can you remind us of the spacing assumptions that you have built in, in that area?
Scott Coody: Brian, we're going to hand this over to John Raines, who heads up our Delaware Basin business unit.
John Raines: Yes. Brian, for the Todd Area, we'll start in the Leonard. So we're just delineating the Leonard at this point, moving from appraisal into development. In other parts of the basin, we've seen six wells per section, and that's what we started with here, but we've got line of sight to upside to potentially 8 wells per section in the Leonard. Moving to the Second Bone. Historically, we've developed this on 4 wells per section, and that's what we've done from Central Todd going east. This is a bit of a geologically complex area as we move west and southwest in Todd. We're exploring six wells per section. Oxy actually offsets us to the west and they've been successful at six wells per section. And we've only just begun appraisal in the Wolfcamp here. We're testing multiple landing zones. We've actually tested three different landing zones in the Upper Wolfcamp. I think it's safe to assume that we'd feel good about two landing zones at four wells per section with a strong chance of upside to three landing zones at 12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Subhash Chandra from Guggenheim Partners.
Subhasish Chandra: I just want to clarify the return of capital commentary, make sure I understood it correctly. Want to understand sort of how you split the buckets, debt, share buybacks and dividend growth with and without the Barnett sale. In particular, I think the presentation alludes to more debt reduction by year-end. Is that presuming the Barnett sale? And then how do we split the return of capital to share buybacks beyond that point?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. This is Jeff. Yes. So no, it does not include the Barnett proceeds. So we are -- we've already obviously executed on $1.7 billion of the $3 billion debt target that we set earlier this year. We've got the cash and the balance sheet today to go ahead and execute the remainder of our $3 billion target. However, what we've seen happen over the last several months is interest rates go lower and the cost of debt go higher. And so we're going to be mindful of that and be opportunistic as we look to repurchase debt in the market. So we don't need those Barnett proceeds obviously to accomplish our debt targets going forward. Beyond that, that will allow us to utilize the proceeds in the Barnett for additional share repurchases, along with, obviously, the dividend that you highlighted. And certainly, the free cash flow that we expect to generate next year, that will have the potential to be devoted to further share repurchase programs.
Subhasish Chandra: Got you. Okay. And a question -- I think operators are seeking to monetize water assets, seems to be the thing to do. You've highlighted 40 saltwater disposal wells, et cetera. I'm just curious if that is something you might do and what capacity and capacity utilization might be at the moment?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. This is Jeff. That's absolutely something we've looked at and we'll continue to monitor. We feel pretty good with our setup in the Delaware today. We like having control of those assets and the low cost that it brings to our cost structure going forward. But it's certainly something we've been monitoring and watching. And should the right opportunity arise, it's something we would consider. But frankly, where we sit today, we feel pretty good about our setup and certainly the cost structure that we've got.
Subhasish Chandra: Could you share, by any chance, the sort of the disposal capacity and the utilization levels you might be running?
David Harris: Yes. I think roughly 40 -- we've got 40 saltwater disposal wells out in the space. I think if you look at Slide 15, we kind of highlight some of the detail there, about 8 water reuse facilities. So any -- capacity is 120,000 barrels, is the throughput capacity of those facilities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin McDermott from Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: So my first question, Dave, is actually following up on your response to one of the questions earlier around the STACK. You noted that it's close to competing for additional capital and likely receive it in future years. I guess first of all, as we think about 2020 with 0 rigs there, kind of what's envisioned in terms of cap allocation there, if any, in the preliminary 2020 plan that you provided? And then as we think about the outlook for the STACK going forward. Assuming no change in commodity prices, gas or NGLs, I guess, what would you need to see in order to make it competitive within the overall portfolio and start allocating more capital back?
David Hager: Well, there's very little capital allocated in the current plan and 2020 is really more carry-in capital from 2019. We're working a number of initiatives. It's not just on the price side that we -- certainly a little bit higher gas and NGL prices would help. We're also -- our teams are doing some outstanding work on the cost side, on the drilling and completion costs and driving down those costs. We're also working on potential joint venture type opportunities there that could bring in some capital to drive higher capital efficiency into it. So there are several different angles that we're working this from -- in order to allocate capital in the future years. And obviously, we're being patient because we have such a strong portfolio. When we talk a lot about the Delaware, I think we need to talk about the Powder also and the success we're having in Niobrara and now that's going to drive more capital there and higher returns and very high returns there as well with the success we're having. And I can tell you, in the Eagle Ford also with our new partner, BP, they're very excited about what their -- or BPX, they're are very excited about this asset. I think they see it as one of their key cornerstones of the acquisition they did from BHP into one, they probably want to put a lot of capital too early on. So we just have a lot of high-return opportunities here in front of us. So we're just being patient to work out some of these other issues. And then I'm confident we're going to do it. And then the capital will come to the STACK when the appropriate time comes.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Makes sense. Can you comment on -- go for it.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Sorry, just a few more follow ups, specific thoughts on that. I would point out, as we've talked about this quarter, our lighter space infill projects are performing really well, exceeding both type curve and cost expectations. We do have a significant amount of inventory remaining in the heart of the play. So we do believe we still have a lot of economic resource there to develop. As Dave said, we've got a very high bar internally with the portfolio we have, but we're going to continue to try to bring those -- bring the value of those opportunities forward.
Devin McDermott: Got it. Can you comment on the production profile or decline rate you've assumed through the 2020 guidance? Or is it still too early to say given some of the uncertainty there for the Powder specifically -- or sorry, for the STACK specifically?
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Devin, once again, we'll refrain from providing that at this point in time just because we still have some work on that front. But generally speaking, the last disclosure point we've had on the STACK is on the first year PDP decline. It was in the high 20% on a BOE basis. And it was on an oil basis, it was a high 30% range. So we'll recalibrate that number in conjunction with our reserve outlook -- with our; reserve report and our activity outlook for and have a more specific update for you here in February.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann from SunTrust.
Neal Dingmann: Great update on the Eagle Ford. My question is around that play. Beyond the 4Q and the 25 wells and obviously the growth you have there, I know you don't have the full 2020 out, but just how are you considering that play, as more of a -- still in the near term than a growth driver? Or is it more stable production with a more of a free cash flow generator?
David Harris: Neal, this is David. I think the way we think about it within the context of our portfolio is the latter. It is an important free cash flow generator for us, and we believe we can maintain a profile there that's flat to some slight growth probably. We're -- we've regained operational momentum with our partner. We're going to bring on a big package of wells in Q4. And then as we move into 2020, we've talked about stabilizing somewhere around a rig count of 3 to 4 years. But we do still have quite a bit of resource in place and are testing infill and redevelopment concepts as well as things like the Austin Chalk. So we believe there's still a lot of good work to be done in the play.
David Hager: Now just to reinforce that, what we're finding is there's still a lot of hydrocarbon in place and a lot of reservoir pressure there after our initial development activities take place. And so we're finding success with staggered wells within the Lower Eagle Ford as well as staggering them up in the Upper Eagle Ford between the Lower Eagle Ford completions. And so it's exciting how it's -- and there's -- it's just a great resource with a lot of pressure and a lot of opportunities that look [indiscernible] remaining. And then the Austin Chalk on top of it is probably a little less certainty as to how big that's going to be at this point. We're changing more to a linear gel type design on our completions there from slick water, and we're optimistic that, that can compete also.
Neal Dingmann: Well, it certainly sounds like a lot of running room. And then moving over equally is positive. It sounds like, to me, I'm looking at Slide -- particularly on Slide 20. In the Nio, you've had some really interesting spacing tests there. I'm just wondering after -- specifically the two successful wells you've had there. Maybe could you just talk about just your thoughts just on overall spacing or at least in that area, how that's changed now after the success?
Jeffrey Ritenour: You bet. Yes, one of the things that we're excited about in the Niobrara is that we're seeing consistent results across a really large area, both from our results as well as from offset operators. And if you think about the 200,000 acres that we talk about in our Atlas West and East area, we have currently -- we talked about the spacing test at three wells per section. We have plans to test four well per section spacing. We've seen offset industry participants testing up to 6 and 7 wells per section. And so we're going to learn more here throughout 2020 that's going to inform with success, what we believe, will be development mode beginning in 2021 for the Niobrara for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Actually, I have a question for Dave, but I'm going to pick up on Neal's point with that Niobrara first. As -- you've given us kind of this cartoon log on '20. And it looks like the B section is more of a classic or carbonate versus the, I guess, the overall shale package. Is that the case? And does that tie into your spacing of it just being 3 or 4 across a unit?
David Hager: Well, there's a couple of what we think are really great advantages that we have in and around our acreage position relative to other areas in the Powder River Basin. The first is from a thermal maturity standpoint, we are clearly in the oil window throughout the geologic column here and that varies. We've done a thermal maturity mapping throughout the basin and that varies. And as you go further to north with some other operators, you're more in a gassy window in the Niobrara. The other thing that you're pointing out, Charles, is, yes, you do have more of a chalky interval in the particular part of the basin within the Niobrara. And the chalky interval is what gives some brittleness. And that interval is developed around our acreage position and around some other acreage immediately around us but is not developed everywhere in the Powder. And so we think that brittleness, where it doesn't exist in other areas, it's a little more ductile and done frac as well. Other places, it really fracks well on our acreage. So we think -- and that's one caution I'd give everyone about comparing our Niobrara results, everybody else's Niobrara results too because we do have these unique advantages of being in the oil window and have this chalky interval in there that frankly, we think ours is going to be better because of these geological characteristics. And so far, it's turned out to be true.
Charles Meade: That's great detail, Dave. And then if I could go back to your prepared comments about this unfortunate topic, the jury about federal acreage. And I know you talked a little bit about some of your contingency about being able to go on to private lands. But you might not be surprised to know, I agree with you, it's a bad idea. But national politics are more and more like a demolition derby where wild things happen. And so I wondered if you could talk more about what are the obstacles to implementing a frac ban or a cessation of permits. And what time frame that would play out over in your contingency planning?
David Hager: Well, you can rest assure that we've done a lot of background legal work around this issue. And I don't think it's probably appropriate to go into the details around that work on this call. But I think that at a high level, we would say that we think it is really fraught with serious legal ramifications, the ability to enact that in a short-term basis. And I think even more importantly though, obviously, is we just think it's going to unfairly harm the communities where we work, the states where we work. We work in an incredibly environmentally responsible manner, our own company does and our industry does. And all this is going to do is to shift -- the demand for the oil is not going to change. It's there on a worldwide basis. And all this would do is to shift the production to areas of the world that -- where there are not as high environmental standards followed. And so we just think that it is obviously going to be impactful, very impactful to the U.S. economy and as well as our national defense. So we think it's just obviously a bad idea from a number of fronts and it's not good for the U.S., it's not good for the world. And again, I'm not going to go through the details of the legal issues. But we've studied it pretty deeply, and we think there's a significant time frame to do anything from a purely legal standpoint. Obviously, from a regulatory standpoint, there's a possibility to slow things down. But we've obviously been thinking through that and we have a deep inventory permit to help mitigate that. The targets on -- I think the key point of all this is we have a clear path forward if this were to take place and we've been thinking about it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell: Congratulations on the quarter. Dave, I was just wondering, on Slide 17, can you add some color on the drivers of the multiyear capital shift to the Wolfcamp since your Leonard and Bone Spring results have consistently been so...
David Hager: I didn't quite catch that. Could you repeat that, Jeffrey? I'm sorry.
Jeffrey Campbell: Sure. On Slide '17, can you add some color on the drivers of the multiyear capital shift to the Wolfcamp since your Leonard and Bone Spring results have consistently been so successful?
David Harris: This is David. I think we're seeing great results from all 3 of those main intervals. But I think the simple answer is really the capital efficiency. We see -- from development of the Wolfcamp formation, relative to that, the depth of resource and inventory. We have the various landing zones of the Wolfcamp. Those 2 things combined, I think, are really the main drivers of what you're seeing from some of that internal shift of where you'll see that capital deployed within the Delaware.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Great, that's helpful. And just -- I just was wondering if you could quickly give some of the technical differences between an Eagle Ford refrac versus a redevelopment oil.
David Harris: Yes. It's a great question. I've actually asked the team that. The lingo is a little bit hard to follow. If you think about a refrac, it's just a traditional refrac where you're accessing stranded reserves there. Typically, what we do, the preferred approach -- we've tried a few different approaches, but we pump a liner refrac there to go in and restimulate near wellbore to access those stranded reserves. When we talk about redevelopment, those are new wells that would be drilled in the Upper Eagle Ford. So if you think about what we're doing today in our primary development sections, we're co-developing the Upper Eagle Ford with the Lower Eagle Ford. In units that were delivered prior to that shift, we got undeveloped Upper Eagle Ford. And so we're going back in and essentially, in some sense, kind of infilling Upper Eagle Ford wells, and those are the wells that we talk about as redevelopment.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy.
David Heikkinen: Kind of thinking through, and it seems like given your higher '19 Powder River basin exit rate and you're shifting more capital to your oilier Powder but definitely shifting less capital to your less oily STACK. But you've really got some increase to your 2020 oil CAGR in your hip pocket as it kind of flowed that through the model. I'm trying to lead the witness to 7% to 9% or higher, but it seems like that's a bit of a layup.
David Hager: I don't know. I don't know. I'm trying -- I'm not sure with the sports analogy. You better -- not sure it's the right one, David. It's a layup, maybe a 15-foot jump shot. It's not a long 3 pointer.
David Heikkinen: Okay, fair enough. Unless you're James Harden.
David Hager: There you go. Well, then that's like a layup, yes. but I mean obviously, we feel confident. We've exceeded our expectations the last few quarters. So we're -- we feel really good about the ability to execute on that.
David Heikkinen: And then just on the STACK, can you remind us how much of your capital is outside operated? And are you not consenting your current plan or thinking about not consenting in 2020?
David Hager: Well, there's a -- the out -- and I don't have the exact number. The guys will have it for you here. But it's typically run higher than it has in any of the other business units. But the amount of the outside capital has actually -- our OBO capital has been declining this year significantly as other people move activity outside of the base as well. And typically, we try to find companies that are willing to participate in those projects. So we sell down our interest in those versus nonconsent. So we're trying to get some return on that as well.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. And David, just specifically, we had about $8 million of non-op capital in the third quarter in the STACK. And from a year-to-date perspective, it's been about $30 million or so, although we have seen downward pressure on that, as Dave highlighted, throughout the year.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Scott Coody, I turn the call back over to you for some closing remarks.
Scott Coody: Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you and good morning. On today's call, I will cover a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager. Dave will provide his thoughts on the recent performance and direction of New Devon. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer will cover a few operating highlights from the quarter. And then we will wrap up our prepared remarks with Jeff Ritenour -- financial outlook. Jeff will cover our financial highlights -- outlook for the 2019. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hager: Hello, I'm going to start over because of my microphone is not on. I apologize. Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. The second quarter is another outstanding one for the New Devon. Across the portfolio, our teams are delivering results that continue to exceed production and capital efficiency targets for successfully driving down per unit costs and maximizing margins. Before we get into details of the quarter, let's begin with a brief overview of what defines New Devon. For those of you that are new to the story, Devon is nearing the completion of its transformation to a U.S. oil growth company, allowing us to focus entirely on our world-class oil assets in the Delaware Basin, Powder River, Eagle Ford and STACK. The simplification of our portfolio unleashes the potential of our U.S. oil assets, which reside in a very best parts of the best oil plays in all in North America where we possess a multi-decade inventory of high return growth opportunities. With these advantaged attributes, New Devon is positioned to deliver sustainable growth and thrive in today's commodity price environment. This is evidenced by several value enhancing accomplishments year-to-date. First, oil growth continues to exceed our plan, and we are now raising our full-year production outlook for the second time this year to a 19% growth rate. This represents a 400 basis point improvement compared to our original budget expectations heading into the year. Importantly, the strong well productivity driving oil growth higher is complemented with a step change in capital efficiency, resulting in a $50 million reduction in our 2019 capital outlook. Keep in mind, our 2019 capital budget already had $200 million in efficiencies built in it compared to 2018. So far this year, we have brought online 20% more wells for 10% less capital compared to 2018. Anyway you slice it, these are outstanding results. We have also taken action to materially improve our corporate cost structure. Our operating G&A cost savings initiatives are exceeding the plan by a wide margin and now we're on pace to achieve more than 70% of those $780 million annual savings target by year-end. The impact of the savings plan is massive with a PV10 benefit over the next decade of more than $4 billion. This is equivalent to roughly 25% of our current enterprise valuation. This capital and cost discipline translated into free cash flow in the quarter. And coupled with our accretive sale of Canada, we have achieved nearly $3 billion of excess cash inflows this year. With these inflows, we are delivering on our promise to reduce leverage and return capital to shareholders. In fact, our leverage has now declined by 80% from peak levels and we returned more than $4 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. All in all, it has been a fantastic start to the year as we have executed a very high level on every single strategic objective underpinning the New Devon. And given the commodity price variability we must navigate through in this space, I firmly believe the investment of appeal of New Devon is further distinguish by our strategic approach to the business. We all know there has been some messy and surprising results in the industry of late, but I want to be clear about our unyielding commitment to excellence, discipline and consistency of results. New Devon's financial driven model is designed to deliver peer-leading returns on invested capital, to generate sustainable cash flow growth and growth rates in cash flow, and to return increasing amounts of cash to shareholders. And as you can see from our recent results, this model is working. The key to this progressive and balanced operating model is a quality and multi-basin diversity of New Devon's asset portfolio, which has some of the lowest breakeven points in the E&P space. This asset quality and low-cost advantage allows us to build a margin of safety into our operating plans, which is demonstrated by our ability to fully fund our capital program at less than $50 WTI pricing, even after accounting for the recent weakness in gas and NGL strip pricing. With our multi-basin diversity, we have the capability to dynamically allocate capital between opportunities to optimize our rate of return. This flexibility is evident with our recent redeployment of capital from the STACK to higher return opportunities to Delaware and Powder River. Lastly, to provide an additional level of certainty to our operational execution, we are proactively managing commodity risk through an active hedging program and taken steps to further fortify our balance sheet by aggressively reducing leverage ratios, less than one times net debt to EBITDA. Put it in another way, our operations are now backstopped by a fortress balance sheet. I want to end my prepared remarks today with a few preliminary thoughts on our outlook for next year. As I mentioned earlier, Devon is trending ahead of plan on all the operational objectives supporting our three-year outlook, and we have significant operating momentum heading into next year. While it is still a bit too early to provide any detailed targets for 2020, I can tell you based off trajectory of our business, I expect efficiencies to continue to lower our breakeven capital funding levels and to further improve our corporate level returns. Furthermore, given our low maintenance capital, we have the substantial flexibility to deliver a desirable combination of both free cash flow and highly competitive oil growth rates at today's strip pricing. More specifically at the asset level, we plan to allocate more capital to the Delaware to better leverage the well productivity and capital efficiencies this franchise asset is delivering, and we will continue to tailor STACK activity to the current commodity price environment. As our planning process firms up, we will provide more specific details on our 2020 outlook this fall. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer.
Tony Vaughn: Thank you and good morning. As Dave touched on New Devon's operations are hitting on all cylinders and I'm quite pleased with the positive business momentum we continue to demonstrate in the second quarter. Each asset in our portfolio is executing at a very high level fulfilling its respective role in our portfolio. I am quite proud of the results the organization has generated and the strong performance as a result of the quality of our people and they're are delivering results. For today, I will focus my comments on our Delaware Basin operations, which are the driving force behind New Devon's growth year-to-date. Our high margin production in the Delaware continue to rapidly advance in the second quarter, growing 58% on a year-over-year basis. The key driver of this robust growth is the high impact wells we have consistently brought online that rank among the very best in all of the industry. In the first half of the year, we commenced production on more than 50 new wells, diversified among the Leonard, Bone Spring, and Wolfcamp formations that achieved average 30 day rates of around 2500 BOEs per day. These high impact wells reflect the quality of our underlying asset base, our staffs' top tier planning and operating capabilities, and our willingness to deploy cutting-edge technologies to improve well productivity, and capital efficiency in the economic for this world-class play. Looking ahead, as we transition more activity through the Wolfcamp which will account for as much as 65% of our program in coming years, I'm confident in making the prediction that our Wolfcamp well productivity and capital efficiency will improve from the impressive baseline we have established this past year. Furthermore, with the substantial amount of acreage trades we have completed in the state line area, our future results will benefit from higher working interest in these high impact operated areas and from less exposure to certain lower returning non-operated activity scattered across the basin. With this world-class leasehold position in the Delaware, our team has successfully transitioned to full-field development across a significant portion of our core areas. Our outstanding results year-to-date are benefiting from the learning's obtained from the appraisal work we performed in prior years. Through this appraisal activity and our work in other plays across the company, we have a strong understanding of the subsurface that allows us to identify the best landing zones, understand parent-child dynamics, along with the appropriate well density per section and deploy optimize completion designs to capitalize on that knowledge. Importantly, through this process, we have learned how to better size and scale these projects to optimize capital efficiency and returns. Our go-forward development projects are striking a healthy balance between present value and rate of return delivering an optimal outcome for shareholders. Overall, as our results indicate, we are well up on the learning curve and are very confident in our Delaware asset. Specifically in the Wolfcamp formation, which will be our most active target going forward, we have a very good understanding of lateral and vertical connectivity. We have settled on a development spacing of about 4 to 8 wells per landing zone depending on the oil column, pressure connectivity, and the subsurface variability in Southeast New Mexico. Our recent success with our Fighting Okra and Flagler projects are examples of this pragmatic spacing approach with strong returns. Importantly with our significant acreage position, we have the depth of inventory to deliver top tier results in the Delaware Basin for many years to come. At today's drilling pace, the currently identified 2,000 higher return risk locations we have identified equate to 16 years of operated inventory. This inventory is a result of a detailed subsurface evaluation across our entire position rather than generalized acreage math. With a depth of STACK play resource across the Delaware, we expect our high return inventory to continue to expand as we capture additional efficiencies and further delineate the rich geologic column across our entire acreage footprint. Now, I'd like to transition to a story line that's often overlooked, but critical to our recent success in the Delaware and that is the work we have performed in the field to improve the profile of our base production decline. So far year-to-date, our gross operated base production has outperformed our budgeted expectations by approximately 10%. This dramatic outperformance was accomplished through the use of leading-edge data analytics that has helped to minimize downtime in the field. We have also successfully boosted existing well productivity through proactive gas lift, rod pump optimization while reducing maintenance cost. This thoughtful and innovative work is delivering some of the best returns and value uplift in the portfolio with minimal cost. Lastly, I want to conclude my remarks in the Delaware by highlighting the good work that we have performed to maximize the value of our barrels produced. Beginning with our oil realizations, a major victory for us has been the avoidance of price deducts associated with the new West Texas Light index. We have leveraged our operating scale and acreage dedications in the area to attain multiyear contractual guarantees that ensure we receive Midland WTI pricing with gravity protection up to 60 degree API. Coupled with a good work of our marketing teams have done in the hedging and firm transport front, our light oil realizations are near WTI pricing levels and importantly the regional gas price weakness experienced by the market has been mitigated by our attractive basis swap position. On the cost side of the equation in the Delaware, we have also been able to lower expenses and enhance our margins through the scalable field level infrastructure our teams have built out over the past several years. This foresight has helped us reduce per unit LOE costs by more than 60% from peak levels. One of the most meaningful sources of LOE savings is the extensive water infrastructure we have proactively built out. We now have nearly all of our produced water connected to pipes. The infrastructure is fully integrated with 8 recycling facilities, 40 operated saltwater disposal wells, and several third party water systems. With this infrastructure, we avoid the extremely high expense of trucking in the remote desert of Southeast New Mexico that can easily exceed a couple of dollars per barrel and we're able to source over 80% of our operational water needs from produced water at very low cost. The bottom line is, is that the hard work and thoughtful planning from our operations is paying off, and our positions allow us to capture additional value per barrel that many of our competitors cannot. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Jeff Ritenour.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Tony. I'd like to spend a few minutes today discussing the progress we've made advancing our financial strategy and briefly provide context on several key metrics that are improving within the updated 2019 outlook we issued last night. A good place to start today is with our improving financial performance for the quarter. Our operating cash flow increased 23% year-over-year to $623 million. This level of cash flow fully funded our capital requirements and generated nearly $60 million of free cash flow for the quarter. With the free cash flow, our business generated coupled with the proceeds from the sale of Canada, Devon's cash on hand increased to $3.8 billion at the end of June. Subsequent to quarter end, we utilized a portion of this cash on hand to redeem $1.5 billion of low premium senior note that were due in 2021 and 2022. With this redemption activity, Devon has now completely cleared its debt maturity runway until late 2025. Given our strong liquidity, we expect to reduce additional debt in the second half of 2019. We will finalize the size and timing of our debt reduction activity in the near future, but we are well on our way to achieving our debt reduction goal in addition to debt reduction. Another key financial priority is our ongoing share repurchase program, which is the largest program by a wide margin in the E&P space. Since the program began in 2018, we have repurchased a 125 million shares at a total cost of $4.4 billion and we are on pace to reduce our outstanding share count by nearly 30% by year-end. To advance our share repurchase activity in the second half of 2019, we expect to utilize cash on hand to reach our goal of $5 billion by year-end. Any upside from higher commodity prices or asset sales would be earmarked for additional return of capital to shareholders. I'll wrap up my comments today by covering a few key guidance items from our updated 2019 outlook. This updated outlook reflects the improvements of our retained business -- excuse me, reflects the improvements our retained business has achieved year-to-date and incorporates the impact of Canada's restatement to discontinued operations. On the production front, as Dave touched on earlier, our light oil growth is running at least 400 basis points ahead of our original budgeted expectations. For the second half of the year, we expect the strongest oil growth to occur in the 4th quarter, driven by the timing of activity in the Delaware. This production profile positions us with strong volume momentum heading into 2020. Importantly, we are delivering this incremental oil growth with better than expected well productivity and capital efficiency. Because of this positive trend, we are lowering the midpoint of our capital spending outlook in 2019 by $50 million to a range of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. We also continue to make substantial progress on the cost reduction front. With a scalable growth we are achieving in the Delaware and the Powder River, coupled with the benefits of Canada exiting the portfolio, we project total company-per-unit LOE cost to improve 15% versus our original budget. Our G&A initiatives have also delivered a steady cadence of successful cost reductions year-to-date. We estimate that we have captured approximately $190 million of overhead savings to date on a run rate basis. And this momentum is projected to reduce G&A by more than 15% versus our original budget. With the progress we've made year-to-date, we are well on our way to attaining more than 70% of our $300 million, 3-year savings goal by the end of 2019. Shifting the interest expense with the $1.5 billion debt redemption we completed at the end of July, we are lowering our net financing cost forecast by approximately $50 million to a range of $250 to $270 million. All in all, we are executing at a very high level on the key financial objectives underpinning our 3-year plan. We have significant operational momentum heading into 2020, and we are positioned to deliver free cash flow, and attractive growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A .
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt if time permits. With that operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning. You mentioned that you're now in call it pure development mode on the Delaware Basin. So I just wondering if you could talk about some of the implications for capital efficiency wise. I perceive that your capital efficiency has improved but maybe give us some more details on what's going on there and also maybe you could shed some light on the acreage, [indiscernible], supplies that you could get, some acreage in that neck of the woods and Todd, which has been really productive rock?
Dave Hager: Good morning, Arun. This is Dave. I'm going to start off with just a summary comment here and then we'll turn over to John Raines, who is our Delaware Basin, Vice President of that business unit to give some detailed comments about what you asked. What I think that is, you hit on the key, one of the key elements about New Devon that we have to continue to emphasize, is that in the Delaware Basin and -- most of our plays. We have moved out of an era where we're doing quite a bit of the appraisal work and moving into more, a much higher percentage that's pure development work. That leads to increased capital efficiency, lowering of the well cost, growing the best wells in the best zones, higher rates. It also obviously allows us to lower the well cost, as we have consistent capital, our consistent rigs in the same area. And so you see higher quality results and you see very consistent results. We've demonstrated that clearly with the first two quarters of results in 2019, and we will continue to deliver on that in the future. So with that, I'll turn it over to John to answer more details about what that means.
John Raines: Yes, this is John. Thanks, Arun, for the question. It's a good one, it's one, it's a story I'm pretty excited to tell. I think to properly tell the story, I'll take you a little bit back to 2018. So if you go back to 2018, specifically with respect to our Wolfcamp, we really leaned in on developing two mile laterals and when we did that, we had a lot of learning's from these two mile laterals. And I'll talk about some of those specifically. Drilling as you noted in the ops report, we've improved our performance by 20% on drilled feet per day. These improvements are largely driven by moving away from a pure slim hole designed to a slightly larger hole and casing sizes. The result has seen better tool reliability that are ROP or rate of penetration and significantly reduced NPT. On completions as noted, we've seen about a 40% improvement in feet per day. The real driver here is much more consistent work with our dedicated frac crews, and we've also engineered certain more prevalent problems out of the system. To date, we've seen fewer horsepower, wireline, [indiscernible] sleeve issues. That again we're much more prevalent in the past and this has significantly reduced our NPT. I'd also note on completions that we've reduced our flat time. So our flat time is essentially the time it takes to swap wells on a zipper job or to rig up and rig down. And to say that differently, we've basically substantially improved our onsite logistics. And then finally, for facilities, we've successfully deployed our first standardized train design on our Flagler project versus our 2018 baseline, this project delivered facilities at a per well cost of roughly 50% versus our baseline. This new designs really brought some much-needed standardization to our facilities and the simpler designed as a result in less equipment and associated cost, much lower construction costs, and other supply chain savings. I'd say if you had to look at our total costs, in addition to just the cycle times we've mentioned in our operations report, by year-end, we feel pretty good that we're going to be able to reduce our non-Wolfcamp wells 10% to 15% total. And that does include some larger completion designs on some of those wells. And if we look at Wolfcamp, we're really striving towards a 15% to 20% type of reduction. So, I'm very proud of the work that the team has done there.
Arun Jayaram: Acreage trade?
John Raines: Yes, Arun. I think your second question was around acreage trades, and I bet you're more specifically referring to the 5500 acres at Todd. And so this is also a pretty fun story to tell. And I think it shows how much success you can create by having a really intentional effort. So the 5500 acres, again to go back in time has to be considered as a multi-year effort. If you really go back to the Todd area. This was an area that the team identified early on as being a good zip code. I think I've referred to the parent Boundary Raider well being drilled several years ago, even on a previous call. So it was really at that point that the team got pretty creative about consolidating our position here and upping our working interest. As for the 5550 acres itself, this is really a product of the team being creative in the land team in particular, being able to execute on our consolidation strategy. This acreage did not come to Devon via one or two large deals, rather this acreage came to Devon over the course of three years and over the course of more than a dozen trades. These trades ranged in size from a smallest 40 acres to as large as 2,000 acres. So you can see that the team has really been effective in the hand-to-hand combat out here.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow up is that you guys have put out previously called the 12% to 17% I believe, the oil growth target from the New Devon properties. This morning or last night you highlighted more capital going to the Delaware from the STACK. So I was just wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit more thoughts on initially how you're thinking about how much capital would shift from the Delaware. Is it rig line or two or just maybe some broad thoughts on that?
Dave Hager: Well, we're still working through the details of that. And we're doing a lot of modeling work on our 2020 capital program to determine what provides the optimum efficiencies. But we did direction, in my comments I did directionally guide that Delaware capital will continue to increase in 2020 and obviously rightfully so when you see the outstanding results that we're delivering there. And we are delivering good results by the way in other parts of our portfolio. It's not that others are failing, but yes this is succeeding so well and that's why we're able to increase our production guidance and lower our capital guidance. So we don't -- I can't give you specifics at this point. We're continuing to look at various scenarios and obviously it's a great place to be. We'll get an even more capital efficiencies than you originally estimated to think about what the options you have when it comes to our 2020 capital program.
Arun Jayaram: Great, thanks a lot, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Dave, I'm not sure who wants to take this one, but just looking at the cash margin disclosure that you've given us, which is obviously very, very helpful. The highest margin in the portfolio right now is in the Powder River. So I'm wondering if you can just give us an update there as to how that translates to returns at the well level because obviously embryonic play one assumes the well costs are still being optimized and just discuss how you see the evolution of that play as it relates to the risk inventory and just how relative incremental capital allocation might evolve towards the Powder over time?
Dave Hager: Yes, you're right, Doug and good morning. It's the -- the Powder has the highest oil percentage of any of the plays that we're involved in; and so that play does have very high margins associated with it. And obviously, it's a very sensitive than to oil prices that earns, that you generate on that play. We're extremely pleased with the results we're getting so far in the Powder where we've now entered into the full development mode on the low risk Turner play. That will constitute the bulk of the growth that we're going to realize over the next three years. And then we're excited as well about the Niobrara. We have not said too much about our first Niobrara well. We're just following that well back at this point, but so far so good I would say. One thing to be cautious about by the way on the Niobrara is what you really can't compare our Niobrara to other industry players' Niobrara out there, we are at the, from a thermal maturity standpoint, we are in heart of the oil window throughout the geologic column, including the Niobrara on our acreage, and that is not the case for some of the industry, other industry players that have a much more gassy count Niobrara. So we're excited although again that's the smaller part of our overall growth story over the next three years. But the returns are very competitive with those in the rest of portfolio and that's why we have four rigs working out there right now.
Doug Leggate: Just on the risk inventory Dave, what's, what would you say is the current gross inventory if you like versus the, I guess you are 100 locations that you've identified to date.
Dave Hager: I'm going to turn it over to give you to Wade Hutchings to give you the inventory number.
Wade Hutchings: Good morning, Doug. As you see in our main inventory disclosure slide, the high quality risk inventory for the Rockies are sitting about 650 gross operated well. And again, I'll just remind you on all of that inventory, we've stripped out any non-operated locations. We've also stripped out any risk locate, our unrisked locations and we're just focused in on those locations that we think we can drive high quality returns on. The inventory is a balance between all of those targets that Dave noted a moment ago, including some very high return Parkman and Teapot locations. And so when you look at it from an unrisked basis, the numbers obviously get a lot bigger. Those are very kind of preliminary risks high quality locations. When we look at it from a total unrisked basis, we see several thousand Rockies operated locations as potential. And again, we're in the middle of trying to unlock that today with some of the appraisal work we're doing in Niobrara. We would note also there are several other prospective targets that other companies are testing. We're watching that very closely as well.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answers, guys. My follow-up hopefully is a quick one Dave that just the reallocation of capital from the stock. And I guess the Eagle Ford is back to seeing some activity it seems. Can you just clarify are these, should we think about these assets just as ex growth or absolute decline in particularly in the stock? On a similar context, just what are the triggers that might cause you to change activity levels if oil stays under pressure?
Dave Hager: Doug and for everyone, I think it's important to understand that we really have a dynamic capital allocation model, and what that means is that we really look at what are generating the highest returns throughout our portfolio. And we obviously take into account commodity price, commodity prices when we make that decision. We have the ability with the inventory levels that we have to grow any of the assets if we so choose. But we don't think about it so much about whether or not we are growing an individual asset or not. We allocate our capital out of what we consider to be the highest return opportunities and in a growth as an out, as an output of that given where we think we're getting the highest returns. If we were less dynamic frankly with our capital, we could just, we could allocate it more proportionate to all of our plays so that they all grow because we have the inventory to do that, but we don't think that's the way to optimize the value of the company. So with this, obviously we've had some weakness in natural gas and NGL prices here. And with that, we've made the decision to reduce the activity somewhat in the STACK and to reallocate that capital out to the Delaware and the Rockies given the higher returns in this point.
Doug Leggate: Again, I appreciate the answers Dave. Thanks a lot for your time.
Dave Hager: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. My first question is on capital allocation. Can you just discuss how you weighed whether to reallocate that $50 million in STACK CapEx versus just taking it out of the schedule and reducing the 2019 budget by $100 million instead of $50 million? And I know it's a pretty small amount. But I mean there's a lot of good things going on. You're on track to meet or exceed your oil production targets, you raised oil guide already twice this year. You've got the 3-year plan that already has a competitive growth rate. And I guess one can argue that the market is not paying for growth, but for discipline. So I just wanted to understand how you're thinking about this because I know spreadsheet math is different from how things work operationally.
Dave Hager: I'm glad you appreciate that. And yes, it's -- I think you could make the argument frankly not just about that $50 million. But you can make the argument about capital in general. But as the -- what the right levels of capital are in the program, we did it to optimize the capital efficiencies that we have in both the Delaware and the Powder River Basin to optimize returns. It's to optimize the interplay between drilling rigs and completion crews and to maximize the efficiency, between those. And so we felt that that was going to maximize returns in the right decision to do. I think it's a totally separate discussion that you can ask of us or everyone else, every other E&P companies what their right level of capital allocation is and what's the right mix of competitive free cash flow yield and growth. And certainly, we think we're in a position to deliver on both of those and that's certainly what we're looking at going forward into 2020.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. And then, that's very helpful. Thank you. My second question in terms of next year. I know you're not giving any detailed guidance or anything right now. But can you talk about generally what your appetite is for activity in the STACK if strip pricing holds and I'm pretty sure this isn't a target. But how much activity is required just to hold that asset flat these days, and then are there any overriding considerations in terms of having to maintain a specific minimal amount of activity in the play? It's pretty mature, so I'm guessing there is no real HPT requirements or anything, but you might have some other transport agreements or something?
Dave Hager: No, there is no firm transportation to drive that capital allocation, there is no held by production issues at all. It is simply optimizing returns and again it's optimizing returns across the entire portfolio. We are currently having the bulk of our activity in the, what we call the volatile oil portion of the play and those returns and we've -- on our revised type curve that we put out previously, we're meeting or exceeding those and are driving down the cost of those wells extremely efficiently, noticed returns compete for capital with everything else in the portfolio. Obviously, as we move outside of that in future years more into what would be considered the gas condensate window and even perhaps the dry gas window, the resources there, the resource is very strong and the opportunities are there. But with the recent weakness in natural gas liquids, and natural gas prices, that's why we reallocated the $50 million out, and we're looking very closely at any activity outside of that, and considering whether we want to bring in joint venture partners on a small or a larger scale to help us with any activity there to really dramatically increase our capital efficiency and make those opportunities to compete for capital.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Dave Hager: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Grigel from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Paul Grigel: Hi, good morning. Going back to the commentary on the base decline mitigation was interesting. I was wondering if you could talk about further upside that might be seen through that if that's been applied to other plays within the portfolio and then maybe the overall impact to the corporate decline rate that could have either initially or over time.
Dave Hager: Yes, Paul, let's say that's an area of focus that we've put in the company probably about 4 to 5 years ago. And I think over time we've described our commitment to being data driven. During that process, we've installed automation in virtually all of our producing assets across the portfolio. We have what we call decision support centers in each of our producing areas. They're manned 24-7 generally. There is a source of all this data driven work, we're actually now look, having the ability to look at information on all of our artificial lift equipment, and we can spot pending trouble on some of our artificial lift pumps and gas lift operations. We have the ability to predict failure as opposed to just running towards failure. We have the ability to bring the replacement pumps to location, have the crews available and ready to go before wells actually go offline. So the guys have done a really good job of incorporating the stop process across the organization. You heard us talk a little bit or described what is going on and the good work that the Delaware Basin team is doing. A lot of that same work is happening across the area, other areas as well. So we think it's material to the business as John describe having 10% uplift in our base operations, with virtually very little cost associated with that is an increment, I'm not sure all companies appreciate and then focus on. So, I appreciate your interest in that as well. It's a good quality work by our operating people.
Paul Grigel: Definitely, definitely interesting topic. And then I guess maybe changing a little bit to 2020 and just kind of the capital efficiency that Dave, you mentioned earlier. As you guys look going forward on 1Q you were very clear that you would not outspend capital this year and that's clear in the reduction. As we move to 2020 with ongoing capital efficiencies, what are some of the sources that you guys see for additional upside that you can drive either on the capital side or on the operating cost side into 2020?
Dave Hager: Well, obviously, as we move into full development mode, we are going to continue to drive down the costs on the capital side.. I think John Raines already outlined of how he sees additional cost improvement in the Wolfcamp. And I would anticipate that we are going to see drilling and completion cost improvement throughout the portfolio, because when you're in full development mode, it's just by nature that you get better and better as you do more repetitive type activities. So, I would anticipate that you would see that even more. Tony, I don't know if you want to answer a little bit on the LOE side. But I think the good news, one of the good news things I can add here you'll find a little bit is a lot of our infrastructure is in place and so we are able to add barrels with very little incremental cost, because of all the vast majority of the infrastructure is already in place for our, once we increase our production.
Tony Vaughn: Yes, I guess right Dave. And I think it even goes back prior to that is we've been very committed to building contiguous acreage positions in all of our core areas and being in the heart of the play. While that is just kind of background work, John described a little bit of that in the Delaware Basin. But we've done a really good job of coring up our operations in all the areas that we work. That was purposeful. It allows us to build a more integrated infrastructure system there. We're continuing to optimize our drilling work and showing some great work there you see hence of that across our operating report that we've published where the drillers are reducing drill times, are doing that through new design work that they're doing and less trouble time that we've had in the past. We're also in the process of seeing a lot of technology and innovation on the completion side of the business. We're tending to stretch out our stages, reduce volumes, increase the number of clusters, and we've even got technical guys that are working on very detailed work on the size and placement of perforations. And that is ability for our guys to both manage cost and deliver probably some of the best returns in the industry as shown on one of our exhibits. So, there is continuing to be a lot of very thoughtful technical work across the business. We're also doing this on the facility design work. We're standardizing and marginalizing all of our equipment there. So, almost every component of our operations, we're seeing some really thoughtful granular work as delivering the last couple of quarter's outperformance that I think you're seeing there. Coupled with that, we have a supply chain group that is doing some really good quality work. I'm not sure Jeff, you may want to describe a little bit about the...
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Tony, I was going to add some commentary. On top of all the great operational things that Tony highlighted, the teams are working and the efficiencies that we're gaining, on top of that as you look forward to 2020 and 2021, the supply chain group along with our operations teams have done a great job of driving down price on the services that we're procuring. In fact, we're working in kind of a deflationary environment at the moment and expect that to continue for the, for the second half of this year. So that's going to be a nice tailwind for us potentially as we move into 2020 and 2021 relative to the expectations that we had for our 3-year plan Initially.
Paul Grigel: That's helpful. I just want to clarify and real one, real fit, real fast excuse me, on development mode. Is there any risk to lumpiness on production or is it sufficiently spread out?
Dave Hager: It looks like we're going to have a really strong Q4 and that's going to be based on the higher, slightly higher capital spend that we have in Q3. That is going to drive really high production there. The only concern I've heard from our, seen from a couple of reports as well, does that drive down on 2020. And I guess I'd be willing to prepare a little spreadsheet for anybody while bringing on production a month early is a good thing, if that's what ends up happening then I don't get too worried about whether it comes on in December or January, quite frankly I think it's a big value driver or better. Anyway they -- there, we do anticipate a very strong end of the year. That's going to give us a lot of operational momentum as we go into 2020.
Paul Grigel: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Yes, Dave, beginning of your prepared comments, you mentioned a low maintenance capital. Could you talk about what the maintenance CapEx is and what that base decline that it correlates to is?
Dave Hager: Yes. The maintenance capital is one, about $1.4 billion and that's maintenance capital essentially to keep EBITDA flat. And the base decline on the assets overall is in the low 30's, a little bit higher on the oil side of the business that factors into that.
Bob Brackett: Great, thanks for that.
Dave Hager: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd from Simmons Energy. Your line is open .
Ryan Todd: Good, thanks. Maybe on one on cash return. You've done, you talked a lot of wood over the last couple of years on debt reduction and buyback as you reach sort of the end of the near-term targets you've given on those two programs towards the end of this year. Looking forward, how does dividend growth compete going forward and how much, how important of a factor do you view the dividend -- the potential for dividend growth in terms of kind of long-term investability by the market?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Ryan, this is Jeff. Yes. I appreciate the question. Absolutely, the dividends are critical tool that we're utilizing to return cash to shareholders. We've done that for some time. We've had nice growth in the dividend. As you've heard us talk about our kind of dividend policy that we discussed with the Board, our thought processes really centers around the payout ratio, and so we've kind of designed the dividend to be kind of a 5% to 10% payout ratio, relative to our cash flow from operations. We think that that's competitive with our peer group. We want to make sure that we -- number 1, we can sustain the dividend on a go-forward basis. And then of course grow it from there. So, to the extent that we execute as we've talked about on our share repurchase program the remainder of this year and the debt reduction targets that we've outlined as well, we will certainly go back and discuss with the Board at the end of this year what the opportunity is to do additional share repurchases and think about additional dividend growth in that -- in those two concepts together.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. And then maybe just a quick one, any, I know the data room is open any comments you can make on the initial level of interest that you're seeing in the Barnett and whether it's likely to go as a single package or potentially multiples?
Jeff Ritenour: Brian, this is Jeff again, I'm just going to introduce David Harris, who leads our business development and E&P Group and he can give you some color on the process there.
Ryan Todd: Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Ryan. This is David. Thanks for your question. Yes, we have -- the data room process has been really active. I think the one thing I would highlight to you is it is a much deeper and broader mix of participants compared to what we saw recently on our Canadian process. And as we've indicated, we expect to get bids by the end of the 3rd quarter. These are, I'll remind you these are attractive low decline assets with access to premium Gulf Coast pricing, and we've really seen a lot of interest from the market participants given those attributes.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: In terms of your second question on, is it likely to go as a single package, obviously we're open to whatever maximizes value for our shareholders. Given the operating synergies across the asset base and how blocky it is, I think it's more likely to be attractive to a buyer as a single package.
Ryan Todd: That's helpful, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Dingman from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Neil Dingman: Good morning. My question sort of takes on what they were just asking. You all certainly have done a lot for shareholder returns here now in the near term in the last several quarters. But my question would be this market continues to stay rational as it is. I'm just wondering how do you balance, do you re-up the shareholder buyback program or how do you balance that versus the growth program that you're outlining?
Dave Hager: Well, we are going to stick to our, I think the overall message first and foremost is that we are executing from an operational perspective at a very high level. We are going to continue to stick to that plan and we're very confident that that execution is going to continue. We think that we have the asset base, and there is a cost structure that we can deliver both, that we can deliver free cash flow yield. It's competitive, not only within the space but within other industrial companies, while still delivering significant growth. So, we are planning and our plans are based on delivering both of those. With that overall thought, that's part of the work that we're doing in regards to 2020 and beyond is what is the optimum level to ensure that we deliver on those metrics. So but the good news is with our low breakeven, the continued increasing capital efficiency, that continue reduction of the cost structure, and the growth in revenue is going to come as we grow our light oil production, we think we're as well positioned as just about any company out there in the space to deliver on that.
Neil Dingman: Great answer. And then just one follow-up, around the reallocation of your Mid-Con, the Delaware and the PRB, I'm just wondering other factors that you foresee in the Mid-Con that would cause you to bring some capital back to that play or is it just I mean you mentioned about just you're certainly return driven. Do you envision the Delaware and PRB just continuing to have higher returns?
Dave Hager: Well, I think currently, again to emphasize it as we -- the current activity we have going on in the volatile oil window is competitive right now. It is as we move out of the volatile oil window in future, are those returns going to compete and certainly in the weaker natural gas and NGL market on a ground floor basis right now that they're going to struggle to compete for capital as well as so with the other place. But as I also have mentioned and we're not being too specific here, we just can't, that we see opportunities because of our strong acreage position that there are opportunities on both the small and perhaps even larger scale to bring in capital to that play to make those economics competitive that we would have activity outside the volatile oil window that would take advantage of these partner joint venture type opportunity.
Neil Dingman: That's great detail. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is open.
David Heikkinen: Good morning guys, and congratulations on the process and progress. I've been thinking about kind of clear and simple communications for investors a lot, and I was thinking through like, why don't you all just say something simple like as we reduce our interest cost, we'll transfer those savings to our shareholders through an increased dividend. I just imagine like the immediate capitalization of $60 million of interest from the quarter into your stock to that increase in dividends and as you move forward with your plans on cost reduction. It'll just be like a very simple method for people to understand where you're going.
Jeff Ritenour: David, this is Jeff. I guess I would, I guess my commentary would be is that we believe it is, we are delivering a pretty simple message, which we've been pretty clear as we're generating cost savings, whether it's on the interest side or on the operating cost side, and the capital efficiencies that we're delivering on the operational side. That's ultimately generating the free cash flow that we projected in our 3-year plan. And then the mechanism that we're returning that to shareholders is through both the dividend and the share repurchase. So we think that's important to have a balance there. Obviously, our first priority has been to get the leverage down to the level that we felt comfortable with. And we're going to get that accomplished, obviously here over the next 6 to 9 months. Beyond that, then to the extent that we are generating the free cash flow that we expect, we'll deliver that in the form of share repurchases in the dividend. And so again we've, I guess I would just say we feel like we have a pretty clear message on that front. We've done over $4.4 billion of share repurchase to-date and grown the dividend in the last year. So, clearly that cash flow is going back to shareholders.
David Heikkinen: Yes, I guess that optionality in the group is one thing that we hear a lot and optionality leads to some uncertainty. I appreciate the understanding and what you all are doing.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I will turn the call back to our presenters for closing remarks.
Scott Coody: Well, thank you I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today and if there is any other questions for -- obviously, the IR team will be around all day long. So feel free -- thank you once again for your time today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Devon Energy’s First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you, and good morning. For the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. The slides for today’s call along with our detailed operations report and press releases are available on our website. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. And with that, I will turn your attention to slide two and hand the call over to Dave Hager, our President and CEO.
Dave Hager: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter was absolutely an outstanding one for a new Devon. As we revealed last year, transforming Devon to U.S. oil growth economy, allowing us to focus on our world-class oil assets in the Delaware Basin, STACK, Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin. With this formidable U.S. oil portfolio, we have multi-decade inventory that will drive sustainable, high-margin growth for the foreseeable future. While our U.S. oil assets have many advantaged characteristics, we are not finished improving our business, and we are acting with a sense of urgency to materially improve our entire cost structure. This focus on operational excellence positions new Devon to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow in today’s pricing and allows us to future deliver value to our shareholders with increasing amounts of cash returns. And on slide three, from almost every perspective, the first quarter can be defined as one of outperformance from the new Devon. Light-oil production exceeded guidance by a wide margin. Improvements in our corporate and operating cost structure are trending ahead of plan and our capital efficiency for the quarter is very strong. All-in-all, we are executing at a very high level on the objectives underpinning our strategic plan. And as you can see on slide four, based on the strength of the first quarter results from our U.S. assets, we are now raising our outlook for oil production growth to 17% in 2019. This represents a 200 basis-point improvement compared to our original budget expectations heading into the year. And if well productivity from our development program continues to outperform our expectations, there is certainly additional upside to our growth rates in 2019. Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production growth within the confines of our original capital budget of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. And this view is backstopped by our strong capital efficiency in Q1. Tony will cover in more depth later in the call, but this improved oil production outlook is driven by the prolific well results we’re delivering in the Delaware Basin. Moving to slide five. As I touched on in my opening remarks, the asset quality of new Devon ranks among the very best in U.S. upstream space, and we are actively working to further optimize the profitability of our business. A key area of emphasis is the aggressive reshaping of our organization with the singular focus on supporting our U.S. oil portfolio in a most cost efficient manner possible. As you can see on the chart to the left, we expect our U.S. oil business to achieve at least $780 million in sustainable annual cost savings by 2021 versus our 2018 baseline. Our cost reduction plan includes a range of actions to achieve more efficient field level operations, lower drilling and completion costs, and better alignment of personnel with the go-forward business. Turning your attention to right hand side of the slide. With our strong possible performance year-to-date, we are now on track to deliver more than 70% of our targeted $780 million in annual cost savings by year-end. The most significant contributor to our cost cutting performance is a substantial progress we have made improving our G&A cost structure. This was clearly demonstrated by our first quarter G&A results which improved 23% year-over-year and were below our guidance range for the quarter. Furthermore, with the steady cadence of successful cost reductions attained throughout the quarter, we now estimate that we have captured approximately $110 million of overhead savings on a run-rate basis. This momentum is projected to reduce G&A by more than 10% in the second quarter and with the planned exit of Canada and the Barnett asset of our portfolio, we expect to attain more than $200 million of annualized G&A savings by year-end. Another key contributor to our cost reduction efforts is the capital efficiency we’re realizing as our U.S. oil business transitions to full field development. These efficiency gains were evident in the first quarter with capital spending declined 15% year-over-year and was below the low-end of our guidance range. Looking ahead, our U.S. oil business is well on its way to capturing $200 million or roughly 65% of our targeted D&C cost savings in 2019. Key drivers of this improved capital efficiency throughout the remainder of the year are improved cycle times associated with our Wolfcamp program and optimize infill spacing program in the STACK and the benefits of a dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin. And the last item I will touch on with this slide is our plan to reduce our go-forward interest expense. With our plan to exit Canada and the Barnett, we expect to use potential proceed to retire up to $3 billion of debt, which will reduce our interest cost by about a $130 million or roughly 45% annually. Turning to slide six. Our efforts to high grade our portfolio are also progressing. As we discussed last quarter, with our U.S. oil assets reaching sufficient operating scale to deliver advantage to returns, sustainable long-term growth and free cash flow, the timing is now appropriate to exit our legacy positions in Canada and the Barnett Shale. In Canada, since the last time we spoke, we have made substantial progress advancing the exit of these assets from our portfolio. Data rooms have been open for some time, and we are having discussions with multiple parties regarding an outright sale at valuations consistent with our view of the intrinsic value of the asset. I am very encouraged by the nature of these discussions and we are well on our way to exiting Canada in a timely manner. With our Barnett Shale assets in North Texas, we’re also advancing the sales process with data rooms opening in the second quarter. Overall, for both Canada and the Barnett, we remain on track to have these assets exit our portfolio by the end of 2019. Turning to slide seven. My final key message is that we’ll remain unwavering in our commitment to capital discipline and increasing cash returns to shareholders. As I’ve stated many times in the past, the benefits of any pricing windfall above our base planning scenario will simply manifest in higher levels of free cash flow for Devon, not higher capital activity. And given today’s favorable market conditions, our business is generating considerable amount of free cash flow that we’ll return to our shareholders. With this disciplined and shareholder-friendly approach to the business, we are on pace to reduce our outstanding share count by more than 25% by year-end, and owners of our stock will also benefit from our recently raised dividend; it is 50% higher than just a few years ago. So, in summary, our go-forward asset base is delivering top-tier operating results; our cost reduction efforts are trending ahead of plan; our portfolio transformation is on track to be completed by year-end; and we’re delivering on our promise to return cash to our shareholders. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer.
Tony Vaughn: Thank you, Dave, and good morning. As Dave touched on his opening remarks, new Devon has an advantaged asset base with unrivaled acreage positions in the best U.S. oil plays that strikes a great balance between sustainable growth and free cash flow generation. With our capital programs focused entirely on low-risk development opportunities in the economic core of the plays, we are experiencing a dramatic step change improvement in well productivity, capital efficiency, and corporate level returns. Not only is our go-forward business delivering operating results that rank among the best in the industry, but new Devon’s large, contiguous stacked-pay acreage positions provide us a multi-decade growth opportunity to drive high-return activity for the foreseeable future. For the remainder of my prepared remarks today, I will focus on the Delaware Basin operations, which is the capital efficient growth engine, driving new Devon. Turning to slide number eight. This page clearly demonstrates the substantial operating improvements that we have attained in the Delaware Basin over the past few years. The graphic on the left hand side of the slide showcases the tremendous step change improvement in well productivity we have accomplished in the Delaware with our ship to full field development. The focused development activity we have deployed in the economic core of the play has nearly doubled our well productivity in 2018 compared to our historical average. Importantly, we are not done improving. And based on our year-to-date results, we are well on our way to heating new record highs in well productivity during 2019. Shifting your attention to the right hand portion of the slide, another area we have done a great -- a lot of good work is to maximize the value of our production with a marketing flow assurance strategy. I won’t go through all of the details here, but after including the benefits of hedging and firm transport, our light-oil realizations are near WTI pricing levels and gas revenues are protected by an attractive regional basis swaps. Furthermore, we have leveraged operating scale and acreage dedications in the Delaware to attain contractual, flow assurance guarantees that extend well into the next decade. Our margins will also benefit from the field level infrastructure we have invested in, which have substantially reduced our per unit operating cost by 60% from peak levels and will continue to drive per unit expenses lower in the future. Overall, these results are nothing short of outstanding, given the constraints in this very active basin. The hard work and thoughtful planning from our operating teams is paying off and positions us well for long-term success. Turning to slide number nine. I want to be clear on this one point, we are just getting started in the Delaware Basin. We have the acreage position and the inventory to lever this world-class performance in the Delaware Basin for many years to come. At today’s drilling pace, the 2,000 high return locations we have identified equates to 16 years of inventory. With the depth of stacked-pay resource across the Delaware, we expect our high-return inventory to continue to expand as Devon and the industry further delineate the rich geologic column across our acreage footprint. And finally, on slide 10, let’s briefly pivot the conversation to the outstanding results in the Delaware Basin that drove Devon’s outperformance in the first quarter. During the quarter, we brought on 25 new wells across the state line area of southeast New Mexico which helped net production in the Delaware surge 76% higher year-over-year, 76%. While we had great well results across our acreage position in the quarter, activity was headlined by five massive Cat Scratch Fever wells, targeting a second Bone Spring sweet spot in our Todd area. As you can see on the map to the right, these prolific wells achieved average initial 24-hour production rates of 10,000 BOEs per day per well. All 10 wells from the first phase of the Cat Scratch Fever project are now on line and initial production rates from these wells are some of the highest in the 100-year history of the Delaware Basin. We will follow up the success with the second phase of the Cat Scratch Fever project that is expected to be on line by year-end. The 10 development wells associated with Phase 2 will provide a nice uplift to our Delaware Basin production in the fourth quarter and provide strong momentum into 2020. Another key area where we are achieving very strong results is in our Rattlesnake area in southern Lea County where we have six Wolfcamp development projects underway. Our first two projects Seawolf and Fighting Okra have been great successes for us with average 30-day production rates in excess of 3,000 BOEs per day per well. The next catalyst for Devon in this area is our multi-phase Flagler development, where the first phase of this project will bring seven upper Wolfcamp wells on line around midyear. Beyond Flagler, we have three other projects that will contribute to our growth trajectory over the next year. This Rattlesnake acreage is truly special, and I look forward to providing updates in the future quarters on our high rate wells. And with that, I’m done with my prepared remarks and will now turn the call over to Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Tony. My comments today will be focused on detailing the next steps and the execution of our financial strategy. Beginning with our balance sheet, we have tremendous amount of flexibility when it comes to our financial position. We exited the first quarter with $1.3 billion of cash on hand and expect this balance to meaningfully increase in the future with the proceeds from exiting the Barnett and Canada along with the free cash flow that new Devon is generating at today’s strip pricing. As you can see on slide 11, this exhibit outlines the free cash flow new Devon is capable of delivering at various pricing points. This plan is designed to completely fund our three-year capital requirements in an ultra-low WTI breakeven price of $56, while providing an attractive mid-teens oil growth rate. And at $65 WTI pricing, the new Devon is capable of delivering three-year cumulative free cash flow of $3 billion. This is equivalent to more than 20% of our market cap at today’s share price and represents a very competitive free cash flow yield to investors while still providing an attractive oil production growth rate. A top priority for our excess cash is the repayment of our debt in order to maintain Devon’s targeted debt to EBITDA ratio within a range of 1 to 1.5 times. With this strategy, we expect to redeem up to $3 billion of debt maturities by year-end with proceeds from Canada and the Barnett, which would result in our go-forward interest expense declining by approximately $130 million annually on a run rate basis. In addition to debt repayment, another key financial priority is the return of cash to shareholders. From a dividend policy perspective, our goal is to steadily grow the dividend by targeting a manageable payout ratio of 5% to 10% of our operating cash flow. With this policy, our quarterly dividend is increased by 50% over the past few years. And given that our go-forward U.S. oil business is well-positioned to efficiently expand cash flow for the foreseeable future, we expect to reward shareholders by continuing to steadily grow our dividend over time. With regards to our ongoing share repurchase program, not only is this the most active program by a wide margin in the E&P space but is also one of the largest buybacks regardless of sector in the S&P 500. Over the past 12 months, we have repurchased 114 million shares at a total cost of $4 billion. The execution of our remaining $1 billion authorization will result in a reduction of over 25% of our outstanding shares. To accomplish this, we expect to utilize cash on hand and free cash flow generated throughout the year to continue the repurchase of our shares. So in summary, our financial strategy is working quite well. We have excellent liquidity and our business is generating substantial free cash flow. The go-forward business will have a debt to EBITDA ratio pushing towards 1 times, and we are set to sustainably pay and steadily grow the dividend for the foreseeable future. We will also continue to aggressively buy back our stock. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can reprompt as time permits. With that, we will take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Arun Jayaram from JPM. Dave, you touched on this in your prepared remarks. But, I was wondering if you could characterize the interest level in both of the data rooms that you opened in 2Q. And as you sit here today, how would you handicap the potential for a Canada spin versus outright sale?
Dave Hager: Well, in Canada, as we said, we are in discussions with multiple parties. We are having advanced discussions with them at a value that -- values we think are appropriate for the intrinsic value of the assets. I don’t want to go into more detail than that, but we feel really good about those discussions we have. And we are optimistic that it’s very likely that we could have a sale of those assets. We are of course in the background working in parallel, the potential spin and all the steps that are necessary to do that. We view that as -- at this point probably more of a backup plan, most likely. And so, we’re encourage. I don’t know if I want to put a percentage on it of everything, but we’re encouraged where those discussions are. In regards to Barnett, we are -- have not yet opened the data room; it will be opened very soon. We have received a lot of inbound cost. It’s not often when a quality asset such as this with a very large contiguous acreage position with very low decline assets that frankly we’ve been able to enhance with some recent drilling and completion activity through our promoted interest that we’re receiving through the Dow joint venture that we have to show the capability what a modern drilling and completion activities could do in the Barnett. It’s not often you get an opportunity to bid on that type asset. And we think that people are seeing that. This has a unique compelling opportunity. And so, we’ve received a lot of phone calls already around that. And we’re very confident, once the data room is opened that we will be able to proceed in timely manner and advance to a sale of that asset.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up, Dave or Tony. I was wondering if you could provide some color around Phase 2 of Cat Scratch Fever. It looks like from the cartoon, it’ll be completed over a bit of larger area like step in Phase 1. So, I was wondering if you could maybe compare and contrast the development, and perhaps the spacing and lateral lengths of those two projects.
Dave Hager: I’ll do that, Arun, and then I’m going to turn the call over to John Raines who is our Business Unit Vice President. He’ll be able to give you a little bit more granular information. But again, Arun, I think we’ve commented in the past that this area in Todd is a special area; it’s got additional sweet spot at the top of the second Bone Spring wells that we have mapped out extremely well. The guys have done a lot of subsurface technical work on the area. We knew it was going to be special area, didn’t understand how special it would be once we started producing the wells. But the Boundary Raider wells followed by these 10 wells in Phase 1 have been outstanding. And I’m going to let John describe where we get to in Phase 2.
John Raines: Yes. Arun, it’s a good question. Following specifically on Cat Scratch 1.0, the full program of 10 wells is a mix of single-mile wells, mile and a half wells and the two-mile wells, we obviously highlighted here in the quarterly option for it. We had three single mile wells, and two one-mile-and-a-half wells. As we contrast that to Phase 2, right now, we’re planning on having six one-mile-and-a-half laterals, two two-mile laterals, and two single-mile laterals. And I’d say, the big difference between the two projects, as we go east, obviously we’ve had significant outperformance on the first phase of the project. I would note and be transparent that we have not made upward adjustments to our expectations for Phase 2. And the reasons for that, one, we have a little bit of thinning in the pay in our upper second Bone Spring sweet spot. As you move east, this project does move east with a little bit of water as well. But, what I would say is, we’re highly confident in Cat Scratch 2.0. And the last two wells that we brought on in Cat Scratch 1.0 were approximately located in and around the area of the majority of the Cat Scratch 2.0 wells and they are exceeding our forecast to type curves based on early time results.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold: Thanks. Good afternoon. And, Dave, you’ve commented that if the well performance continues to look strong, there’s some upside, potentially oil production through the course of 2019. Can you just quantify at least maybe just for 1Q just to give us a sense of was the outperformance all directly just better productivity or was there just some more efficient operations that also enhanced that or OBO activity?
Dave Hager: I think, we overall characterize it to be about 70% well performance and a 30% well timing, moving up to well timing of it. And -- but just to be clear on that, Scott, what we really did with our increase of 200 basis points to the 2019 oil guidance, we only took into account the actual results from Q1. We did not adjust up any future activities. And John just mentioned a couple wells early on that are exceeding expectations. Of course, that is early, and we feel good about the program. But we thought the most appropriate thing, and perhaps a somewhat conservative thing right now is to just adjust out for the Q1 activity and then see how we perform on the remainder of the activity and then make adjustments, if appropriate, then.
Scott Hanold: Okay, I appreciate that. And with respect to doing things a little bit quicker, and obviously this stronger oil price environment that’s occurred since -- I think they’ve already put off their budgets. Have you seen any -- and I know you guys kept your budget unchanged. Have you seen any inflation pressures that are different than what you last spoke of? And, given the fact that you are maybe, what, 30% advantaged, I guess in that 70-30 split you gave me, is -- what would you do kind of as you get through the year, if you continue to run ahead of pace?
Dave Hager: Well, let me just make one point, very, very clear to start with. We will not be raising our capital guidance. Period and stop. Okay? So, we are executing very well on our program. We have -- we’re really essentially just executing our program right now that we had planned to execute for 2019. We have executed it a little bit quicker so far. But I might turn it over to Wade Hutchings, our Senior Vice President of E&P, who -- he can walk you through a little bit more of the details, if you’re curious. I mean, the overall picture is that you add completion rates occasionally during the year and rigs. And then, when you need them on a spot basis, you back us out -- back them out at times. But that’s all part of our original plan, and we are just executing on that plan, and that’s what will execute this year. And you can see by the great results on the capital efficiency in 2019 -- or first quarter 2019, we will not be raising capital guidance because the results we’re achieving. But, I think Wade can give you a little more details if you’re interested on just kind of an ins and outs of the activity?
Wade Hutchings: Sure. Happy to do that, Dave. I would just reiterate, now that we’re about four months into the year, our month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter plan on rigs and crews is proceeding really quite close to our original yearly plan. And let me give you a little bit of context for what you see in our 2Q guide. Essentially, what you’re seeing there is the execution of our plan in the Rockies, where we had indicated that we would be building enough inventory to support a full-time frac crew. That crew is now in the field. And so, that’s contributing to that second quarter guide, as well, we have very specific project in the Delaware Basin where we’re bringing in a spot crew that spans part of the second quarter and third quarter. So, that’s what’s contributing essentially to the second quarter being our peak of activity for the year. When you look at it on a more full-year basis, in the second half, you should see our capital roughly average a touch under $500 million a quarter. That’s really driven by the planned reduction of one frac crew in the STACK in the second half of the year, and then, essentially, the completion of this midyear spot crew in the Delaware, and actually the completion of some increased spot activity in the Eagle Ford in the middle of the year. So, again, very confident in the full-year guide we’ve given and are able to use the flexibly we have in our programs to ensure that we’ll meet that guidance.
Scott Hanold: Okay. And was there any OFS commentary that you all could provide, the inflation side?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Scott, this is Jeff. Yes. No, absolutely, throughout different cost categories across the portfolio, you’re seeing some inflation but we’re also seeing deflation in several areas as well. So, from our standpoint, enterprise-wide, we really see a flat inflation, deflation output as compared to 2018. So, with the cost efficiencies that we’re driving in the activity that the team’s described, marry it with some of those puts and takes, we really see flat year-over-year basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Guys, I wonder if I could actually start with the STACK and talk about the evolution of the up-spaced wells, at least that they are showing substantially better performance relative, obviously you showed one clear example, but just across the board at least by that changing spacing is having a very significant impact. I’m just curious, if you could offer any commentary around that and whether it would change your relative plan in terms of where incremental capital goes across the two main areas?
Dave Hager: Hi, Doug. Wade Hutchings is going to that.
Wade Hutchings: Yes. Good morning, Doug. Yes. We’re certainly pleased by the new spacing projects that we now have on line. If you look there on slide 17 of the ops report, you’ll see we’re giving you a third -- about a 60-day update on three of those keys. You can see all three of them are actually at or above our expectations. And if you recall, that’s our new infill type curve expectations for this core volatile oil area to play. If anything, we’re seeing slightly better oil rates than that type curve suggested. So, yes, broadly, we’re encouraged by that. I would say, our capital allocation for the STACK for the year is essentially based on that kind of result. And so, at the current moment, I don’t know that we’re anticipating a significant shift of capital in the stack relative to our 2019 plan. One last key point is the key thing that’s also driving our continued investment in the STACK in addition to this well performance, is we are seeing the impacts of our optimized stimulation design, which we’re quite confident is giving us at or better stimulation than we’ve had in the past at lower capital costs.
Doug Leggate: Sorry. I was just going to ask -- I appreciate the clarification, Wade. But, I just wanted to check, should we anticipate that you -- and obviously, you cut your type curve after the past year? Is it possible that you maybe took it a little too far, will you start to see that reset higher again or are you comfortable where we are right now?
Wade Hutchings: That’s certainly always a possibility. I’d say today, based on the results we have we’re comfortable with that type curve. But, we’re going to get a lot of new results over the next few projects. And we’ll certainly revise that upward as warranted by the results. I’d just say, again, we’re encouraged by these first few more optimally spaced projects that we’ve now got in the ground.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate that. My follow-up, Dave, I’d love to get into a little more detail on the Delaware and the inventory levels and so on. So, I wonder if I could just try and hit a fairly high level. If I look at the current 16-year inventory that you mentioned in the slide deck. Obviously, that’s a risk inventory level, but it’s also at the current pace. So, I’m just wondering, how should we think about the inventory debts evolving over time as activity changes? Maybe I don’t know how you’re thinking about that over your longer term, but obviously vision 2020 is only a year away now. So, when you think about over the next three or four or five years, how does that evolve? And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Dave Hager: Well, Doug, I’m going to have Tony or John address this in a little bit more detail. But, I think, the first thing to know that we’ve said before about where we are in the Delaware program is, we’ve spent the bulk of 2016 and 2017 and the first part of 2018 really appraising what were the best zones to develop in different parts of the acreage position in the Delaware. And then, as we started moving through the last part of 2018 and now in 2019, and for many years here to come, we are now -- have a much better understanding of which are the best zones to develop and which areas. And so, we are really drilling the best zones, and you’re seeing the results for that. And that’s what the uptick and performance in the Delaware. And the most important thing is this is a sustainable increase that we’re going to have this rate of change that we saw moving into 2019 is sustainable for many years in the future. I think, John’s going to tell you we’re still continuing to do some appraisal work out there. And we’re finding some zones that are working in areas that we had not anticipated before. So, we feel really good about the 2,000-well, inventory. But, I think there’s potential as we do more work to have this go somewhat higher. I think, John can give you a little bit more feel on that. So, John, do you want to?
John Raines: Yes. I’d say, the number we disclosed, the 2,000 locations, really represents what we feel good about today in terms of our characterizations. If you take a look at our unrisked count, we’re at about 5,000 potential locations. And that represents potential future inventory and acreage positions that aren’t necessarily within our core five areas that we tend to talk about. And one thing that we’ve seeing out here with heavy industry activity, industry is going to help us derisk some of that inventory. And then, as Dave mentioned, 90% to 95% of the current year program is for development type of inventory. But, we have a very meticulously planned appraisal roadmap. But we’re planning our key appraisal projects by chance of or a probability of success as well as the NAV that they bring into our development inventory. And right now, we’ve focused mainly on advancing our Leonard and Wolfcamp programs in our Todd, Cotton Draw areas. So, feel really good about the inventory situation, even beyond the 2,000 that we disclosed in the ops report.
Doug Leggate: Sorry, guys. To be clear, 16 years, does not go up or down or the objective to kind of hold that flattish as you move through next several years development pace? That’s really what I just wanted to get at?
Dave Hager: Yes. I’d say, we’re probably going to keep it at least flat as we add more inventory, if there is additional appraisal work.
Wade Hutchings: Hey, Doug, this is Wade Hutchings. Hey, Doug, let me add a little bit more high level color here. I think for clarity, we would note, all of these life of inventory calculations are at today’s activity levels. So, that’s just one clarification. Last quarter, we essentially introduced a new set of more clear, transparent information about our inventory. And so, if you recall, last quarter we talked about at the four-basin levels, 4,200 high-quality locations, the 2,000 in the Delaware are part of that. There is a couple of really key points I want to make. First, different than any of the disclosures we’ve made in the past on inventory, those numbers are operated only. And so, we’ve really focused in our characterization approach on where are we confident that we will operate on the acreage we have. And so, that’s one of the key differences from what we’ve told you in the past. And so, when we talk about 2,000 high-quality locations in the Delaware, those we have a significant amount of confidence in. And as John noted, when we look at that at higher price points or even on an unrisked basis, that operated number of goes well over 5,000 locations. So, we’re actually encouraged by the depth of inventory we have in the Delaware today and certainly that’s why you’re seeing a capital flow there. One of the other things we’d note is, as we focused in on our operated positions, the teams have done an excellent job of improving the size and scale of that through lots of trades. So, our non-operated positions have actually strong. And as we have traded those non-op positions or core operated positions, one of the key things that’s allowed us to do is turn more of our inventory from 5,000 to 10,000-foot locations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Subash Chandra from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open. 
Subash Chandra: Yes. Thank you. The first question maybe for Jeff. If you could remind us from potential asset sale proceeds, what proportion would go towards delevering to keep the parity on debt EBITDA metrics, and what proportion might be to refuel share buybacks?
Jeff Ritenour: What we’ve said from day one is our expectation is the first $3 billion would go to debt repayment. So, the combination of the proceeds we received from both Canada and the Barnett will take the first $3 billion and work our leverage metrics down to that -- into that lower end of that 1 to 1.5 times ratio. And anything beyond that would be available for other alternatives and share repurchase would be at the top of that list.
Subash Chandra: Okay, thanks. And maintenance questions for Wade on the Permian and the inventory there. I’m thinking of slide 16 in the ops report, which has the circle and the number of potential intervals. I was just curious, even though we’re not addressing that on this call. But, if you recall that slide, I’m just curious, maybe what proportion of those circles have been tested to-date? Because I think -- go ahead. Sorry.
John Raines: This is John. I think what we’re trying to represent in that slide is just the full column of opportunity there. I’d say for the most part, we have tested the majority of these potential landing zones in our Thistle and Rattlesnake areas. As we move west in the play, we’ve got more appraisal to do in the Leonard, in Cotton Draw and Todd, as well as the Wolf Camp, in Cotton Draw and Todd. And then, right now we’re drilling our first Wolf Camp development spacing test in our Potato Basin area. So, I wouldn’t give you a percentage but that just generally tells you how we’re progressing the derisking of our five core areas in Delaware Basin.
Subash Chandra: Yes. That helps. And just a final one if I can in the PRB also on the spacing, which interval and what spacing have you launched in the quarter?
John Raines: Hey, Subash, you cut out on that. Could you please repeat the question for us?
Subash Chandra: Yes, sure. In the PRB, you’ve launched the spacing test, I was just curious, which interval and what spacing you’re testing?
Dave Hager: We’re testing the Turner right now. And we’re probably saying that something more appropriate to three wells per section is going to be what we land on there in the Turner. I’m going to turn the call over to Aaron Ketter who’s head of our Rocky Mountain business unit. 
Aaron Ketter: See, in this quarter, we’ve obviously been continuing to address the Turner across our acreage, which is varying in stages from development to appraisal depending on the acreage position. And in conjunction with that, we’ve also commenced our Niobrara spacing test. And so, that’ll be very important to us, as we get results the latter half of this year and really set up our 2020 capital program. Right now, for that test, we’re entertaining three wells per section with some upside there, but we’ll wait to get the data back before we make better decisions.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles Meade: I wanted to ask first question about the Eagle Ford. You’ve had a change of partners there, and it’s a little I’d say best prominently discussed in your -- at least in this quarter’s results. Is there any kind of change to your thinking about whether -- or how important that is in your new Devon portfolio?
Dave Hager: Well, we are very encouraged with the working relationship that we have with BP; it’s been a great relationship so far, our great exchange of technical views on the asset. And as a result, we think that we are -- our view of the asset frankly has improved. And we see a good growing inventory out there. Obviously, it’s -- in addition to that, it’s a high margin asset with the Gulf Coast type pricing plus that you get for the asset and generate significant free cash flow. So, we’re extremely pleased to have that as part of our inventory for the new Devon company. 
Charles Meade: Got it. Thank you. And then, if I could ask another question about the Cat Scratch Fever wells in the Delaware Basin, I guess, there is two parts. One, you guys have been pretty open to the fact that those 10,000 BOE a day rates, those are test rates. But, can you give us an idea just in broad terms whether -- or at what rate perhaps as a percentage of those test rates that you’re actually producing those, and those are actually contributing to say, 2Q volumes? And then, the other thing about those rates is it really indicates a different kind of reservoir. So, is there a chance that you can drill wells at significantly wider spacing and still capture the majority of that resource in place?
John Raines: Yes. This is John. With respect to the spacing, we’re very confident in the four wells per section. So, that is the plan that we’re currently executing out there in the drilling phase. We do feel that this is a sweet spot in our Todd area. So, the overall inventory associated with the project is quite limited to the two phases of Cat Scratch Fever. Back with respect to your earlier question around the contribution to the first quarter beat, I would say that most of that is driven by the Cat Scratch Fever Phase 1 program. These wells exceeded significantly our type curve estimates and each of those wells, in particular the five two-mile wells, approximately 60 days in are still exceeding our forecasted production by about 1,000 barrels a day each. So, you could see, it’s delivering quite a bit of the beat in the first quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer: Continuing on the theme of the Permian inventory but more from a rate of return perspective, can you just give us your latest thoughts on how the Wolfcamp rates of return compare relative to the Bone Spring, relative to the Leonard? And then, as a follow-up question with regards to slide 16, as you go through your derisking efforts, do you think that that’s going to result in greater confidence in the 2,000 locations or an increase in the locations within the number of landing zones that you highlight for subfield here?
John Raines: I’d say with respect to your latter question, we feel like the derisking that we’re undertaking in the Delaware Basin, not only Devon but industry, will result in an increase in the number of locations, not necessarily landing zones. I think, we’ve laid those out on slide 16. But, we feel that overall it will increase the number of locations. With respect to our three core programs on a rate of return basis, one thing that’s unique a little bit about the Devon position, we’ve got five core areas of consolidated acreage, each of which has some difference in the geology. So, our characterizations vary across those five areas. But generally speaking, all of these are very competitive programs with rates of return that exceed on a burden basis north of 40%. Again, depending on which area we’re drilling, the Bone Spring could be better than the Wolfcamp, the Wolfcamp could be better than Rattlesnake. But generally speaking, they’re all very competitive.
Brian Singer: And then, within STACK, what are the in STACK -- what are the key milestones that you’re looking for over the course of the year as it relates to how you think about your 2020 plan? So, you talked about stable production this year. Is it your goal that STACK is going to be a stable production type strategy for the next couple of years, and what could change that?
Dave Hager: I may just start off. I think we view the STACK as really one of our flex assets, so we have that. We are going to maintain capital discipline as a company, and it’s going to be a significant free cash flow generator for the Company. But, it’s one of the assets, given the success we’re having into Delaware, the growth we’re seeing with the opportunities we have in the Rockies, the program that we’ve lined out with BP and Eagle Ford, it’s the one asset that we have the ability to really flex the rig count up and down, while generating significant free cash flow. So, having said that, Wade, may be able to walk through a little bit more of the operational milestones that we’re looking at for over the next year or so.
Wade Hutchings: Yes. Happy to do so, Dave. I think for 2019, our primary focus is continuing to develop the core volatile oil part of the play, continuing to execute on this new optimized spacing program that we have. We do, however, this year have two pretty important appraisal tests of development mode in the more liquids-rich gas condensate window. And so those results are pretty critical to inform our plans for 2020 and 2021. And so as those results come to a mature state; we’ll certainly be sharing those with you. So I’d say that’s really the key milestones for the year, is determining the depth of extent of the core volatile oil window that we can continue to develop and then the running room in that gas condensate window. But, I’d just reiterate Dave’s point. We’ve now gotten the STACK play to a spot where it’s generating material cash flow for us, somewhere on the order of $300 million a year, and so we see it as a -- as a really important part of funding our future growth objectives across the enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai from Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on free cash flow. And Dave in your prepared remarks, you indicated that any excess free cash flow would not be recycled back to the drill bit and we noticed in your earnings presentation that you now only list three uses of free cash flow instead of four in your April presentation. I guess the reinvest in high-return US oil business option kind of dropped off there. Can you talk about what’s changed in your thought process between now and your previous update? We like that you’re signaling to the market your commitment to the CapEx budget, but we kind of thought that was equally strong last quarter. So we’re just wondering if there’s something in the operating environment that you’re seeing that kind of factored into this. You mentioned flat cost year-over-year, so is it something related to like logistics or expected asset sale proceeds or something else?
Dave Hager: No, nothing has really changed with that. Well, I think the only reason we dropped that off is that we have already laid out that plan, that we plan to execute with the New Devon. And we are committed to staying with that plan that we’ve already laid out. So I wouldn’t say that operationally there is any change at all. It’s just that from a, I guess, that slide standpoint, we have already communicated what the plan is. People understand what the plan is, we have no plans to change that. We are going to be very disciplined from a capital standpoint and focus on the high-return areas in our New Devon. So really, the optionality is not around changing that plan. The optionality is around the other -- everything else that we’ve laid out there. But there’s no -- I would not look at it as any sort of strategic change at all.
Jeanine Wai: And then, my follow-up question is on efficiencies. You also mentioned that you’re executing a little more quickly than expected and that matches I guess, specifically in the Delaware your Q1 spuds are tracking ahead of the quarterly run rate. So given your commitment to the CapEx budget which you’ve made very clear, if your efficiencies continue to pull forward both drilling and completion, where in the portfolio does CapEx come out first to offset this? We noticed in the presentation last night that the Delaware percent of total CapEx ticked up a little bit and I think you mentioned there was some flexibility in the Eagle Ford and the STACK and some of your other comments.
Dave Hager: Yes. And I’ll let Wade walk through the details of that before we see it.
Wade Hutchings: Sure. Let me address two key parts of your question. I think to the question of where will the first dollar come out if we need flexibility to stay within our capital guidance. Short answer to that is, we had a lot of flexibility in the STACK area and that’s likely where that first dollar would come out. Back to your earlier question on the improvements that we continue to see in cycle times and the opportunity we continue to capture at pulling-forward IDs. There’s a lot of things that drive that, but we have a fairly intense focus today on all of the whitespace in our capital execution programs between when we spud a well and when we’re able to bring that well on line. And many of the times that you’ve seen us pull forward IDs, those are simply because we’ve found areas in that whitespace to eliminate. And so we’re able to get the well online sooner even though our basic execution timeline of spuds may not have changed materially.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd from Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a couple of quick ones. I mean, congratulations on the progress you have made so far in terms of cost reduction and the update on the reduced outlook for the 2019 SG&A. Maybe can you talk about -- is there -- you’re clearly ahead of expectations probably where the market maybe even expected you to be by year-end in the first quarter. Is there a potential upside to the $300 million total? Is this just you think you’ll get there faster than where you thought? And between now and year-end 2019, how much more outside of the Canada and Barnett, how much more do you think -- what’s the potential upside that you think you get the SG&A down between now and then?
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Ryan. This is Jeff. Yes. No, I appreciate the question and as we think about the run rate going forward, we really feel like we’re well ahead of schedule. As you described, if you look at our guide for the second quarter, it equates to about $110 million excluding the Canada and the Barnett piece which is again, ahead of our $200 million estimate for the full year. So I would answer the question to say, yeah, there’s always potential upside. We’re continuing to look at all parts of our business and attacking each of the different cost categories. So, we feel good about that. It’s too soon obviously to change any guide at this point in time, so we still feel very comfortable with the parameters that we laid out on the last call. But we continue to expect on a quarterly basis you’ll see that run rate continue to trend down as we walk through 2019. So obviously, there’s still some noise in the first quarter. You’ll really see the savings show up in our second quarter results and then further as we can move into the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year.
Ryan Todd: And then, maybe just a quick follow-up. I appreciate the color that you gave early on in the Q&A about the progress on the sale of the Canadian assets. Do you anticipate the decision on Trans Mountain expansion, which I think is targeted for June 18th, will have any impact on the timing of the conversations in terms of the Barnett Canadian sale?
Dave Hager: We don’t think so. And there are obviously a lot of variables that are going on, but the company that we’re talking to are long term players there. They’re sophisticated players, they understand all the variables that are sitting out there. Obviously prices have improved somewhat, differentials have improved in the shorter term, while longer term, it looks like the differentials are trending more toward real economics. These guys all understand all these variables quite well, and I wouldn’t isolate any one variable in here as being really the most important in order to move forward with this.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is open.
David Heikkinen: I think you kind of got to this point of your Delaware results grew 15,000 barrels of oil a day quarter-over-quarter, and it sounds like that’s sustaining pretty well with the 60-day rate. How do you think about just Phase 1 and then Phase 2, adding that much volume and then digesting it and then growing is how I kind of see things flowing. So Delaware declines quarter-over-quarter, is that that reasonable? And then you see another big bump up at the end of the year with the Phase 2 coming back.
Scott Coody: Hey, David. This is Scott. From a modeling perspective, the trajectory of the Delaware, obviously you saw a pretty significant uptick in Q1. We’d expect some minor growth in the second quarter on an oil volume growth basis in the Delaware and then certainly we’re positioned for strong growth in the second half of the year. So that’s going to be driving the overall corporate growth rates. And as you saw, we’ve raised our guidance for the full year and on top of that, we also raised our exit rate growth too. So the Delaware is the key growth engine. The Rockies is going to start contributing in the second half of the year as well, and we’re going to have a lot of momentum heading into 2020 as well.
David Heikkinen: And then, Dave, I don’t believe you’re trying to signal anything with the up to $3 billion of debt reduction with the asset sales as far as the proceeds by putting a cap or anything on proceeds, is that fair?
Dave Hager: That’s entirely fair, David. We are not signaling anything. We’re just saying that the first $3 billion of proceeds from the sale of the Canada and the Barnett will go to debt reduction and that’s what we’ve said. Before we began the process, that’s what we’re saying today. So there’s no signaling at all going on.
David Heikkinen: Yes. I didn’t expect it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Grigel from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Paul Grigel: Maybe following up then on the Eagle Ford and around the CapEx budget, how are the discussions going in terms of potential cadence or changing to activity levels, given the very clear communication you guys’ total CapEx budget that the Eagle Ford could still move around this year into year-end, how should we view that?
Tony Vaughn: Paul, this is Tony. The relationship that we’ve had with BP is working quite well. We picked up a additional rig so we have four rigs currently working there. As we’ve seen over the past two years, three years, the IDs and the rate can be a little bit lumpy, but for the most part, we’ll see a increased rate in the second half of the year associated with one of the larger projects that will come on. Just one thing of note, this relationship is so good with one of the four rigs it’s currently working right now, is being operated by Devon. The technical dialog between the two companies could not be better and I think we’re more closely aligned probably than we had been with the previous partner there. So it’s going really well.
Paul Grigel: Right. Good to hear. And I guess, turning back to the Permian quickly, given some of the dislocation in natural gas prices around the line of possible Permian hubs, can you guys just remind us how you’re positioned there? Any thoughts that you have on -- clearly revenues, not to focus on them but on actually being able to physically move your gas out of the play.
Dave Hager: No, Paul, you’re right. Spot on economic and realization standpoint when you marry the hedges that we have in place, we’re in a great spot there. We’re -- I think our hedges are about $1.45 off of Henry Hub. So as compared to some of the other noise you’ve seen in the basin here over the last several months, we’re getting a really nice realized price there from a flow assurance standpoint. With the scale that we have operationally, the long term contracts that we have, we actually avoid physically blaming at Waha. Our gas goes to EPMG and then with the firm sales that we have with our long-term customers, that gas actually moves to the west. So we have not seen any issues on moving our gas and feel really good about the flow assurance there.
Paul Grigel: Perfect. Thank you.
Scott Coody: Well, we’re now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if we didn’t get your question, please do not hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at anytime, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you and good morning. For the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. Our slides for the call along with our press release and detailed operations report are available on our website. Some of our comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager, our President and CEO.
Dave Hager: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I am very excited to talk to you today about our announcement last night to complete Devon's transformation to a high-return U.S. oil growth company. Before we get started, I want to take a few minutes to set the stage for today's discussion. Today, we are unveiling a new Devon. We've been signaling strongly to the market for some time that when our U.S. oil assets achieve operating scale, exiting Canada and the Barnett as our path forward. What we present to you today is a culmination of an exhaustive strategic and operational review, the results we believe will put Devon in a position to be upper-echelon performer, driving durable improvements and shareholder value. We have the assets, and we have the team to do this. In short, we are aggressively reshaping Devon to win and we will win. Turning to Slide 2, this transformational move is consistent with our long-term strategic plan and will allow the Company to focus on its world-class oil assets in the Delaware Basin, STACK, Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin. To accomplish this portfolio simplification, our Board of Directors has authorized us to pursue strategic alternatives to separate the Canadian and Barnett Shale assets from our retained U.S. oil business. We have hired advisors in evaluating multiple methods of separation for these assets including a potential sale or spinoff, and we expect to complete this separation process by the end of 2019. Additionally, with Devon's narrowed focus as a U.S. oil business, we are committed to transforming our culture and cost structure to compete head-to-head with the best in the business. We are acting with a sense of urgency to materially improve our entire cost structure by delivering at least $780 million in sustainable annual cost savings. With our go-forward business and position to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow at today's pricing, I am also excited to announce that we're advancing our shareholder return initiatives by upsizing our industry-leading share repurchase program to $5 billion and increasing our quarterly dividend payment by 13%. Turning to Slide 3. This exhibit showcases our transformation from a diversified worldwide Company to a highly focused U.S. oil producer today. The key takeaway here is that we have an extensive track record of successfully executing on our portfolio simplification initiatives with more than $30 billion of asset sales over the last decade.  The strategic rationale for taking this final step in our transformation and our announcement today is quite simple. With our U.S. oil business reaching sufficient operating scale to deliver advantaged returns, sustainable long-term growth and a generation of free cash flow, the timing is now appropriate to accelerate value creation for our shareholders by exiting our Canadian and Barnett Shale positions. As you can see on Slide 4, the simplification of our portfolio unleashed the potential of our U.S. oil assets, which possess scale and reside in the very best plays and the best plays in the U.S. – in the best parts of the best plays in the U.S. To be clear, the information laid out here is for our go-forward business and represents the results of our four retained oil basins. The charts exclude results from Canada and the Barnett along with minor non-core assets for sale in the U.S., but exclude the benefits of cost saving targets. It is these world-class oil positions with low break-evens, which provide new Devon the flexibility to generate free cash flow and deliver sustainable long-term growth. This is evidenced by the chart at the top of the slide that showcases our top-tier well productivity. On initial 90-day production rates, our average well has exceeded virtually every top competitor in the U.S. Everyone likes to highlight their best wells and we do it too. However, this slide captures every well for Devon and peers. This is true transparency. Devon is right at the top, even including the year when we faced challenges optimizing spacing in our STACK play. Just think about it. If we were at the top even with the STACK challenge we faced in 2018, I wonder what happened to everyone below us. This good news story does not end with well productivity. As you can see on the bottom of the slide, new Devon streamed on U.S. oil portfolio will also deliver substantially improved oil rates, a lower per unit cost structure and higher operating margins that will translate into superior returns on capital employed. Moving to Slide 5, while our U.S. oil assets have many advantaged characteristics, we are not finished improving our business. We are aggressively reshaping our organization with a singular focus on our simplified U.S. oil portfolio to unlock the potential of new Devon. As you can see on the top left chart, we expect our U.S. oil business to achieve at least $780 million in sustainable annual cost savings by 2021 versus our 2018 baseline. Our cost reduction plan includes a range of actions to achieve more efficient field-level operations, lower drilling and completion costs, and better alignment of personnel with the go-forward business. To be clear, these lower drilling completion costs are structural and the 2019 plan assumes flat year-over-year service and supply costs. To the extent, we see deflation in service on supply costs that would be additive to the plan. Importantly, we are acting with a sense of urgency on these initiatives and we are already executing on plans to achieve at least 70% of these cost reductions this year. Our efforts to reduce cost go beyond just dollars and cents and represent a meaningful shift in our culture to more streamlined leadership, more reliance on technical expertise and an intense focus on delivering top-tier returns on our investment. The value creation of these changes are material and impactful for our shareholders equating to a PV10 over the next 10 years of approximately $4.5 billion or more than $10 per share. Turning to Slide 6, in addition to higher asset quality and an improved cost structure, Devon's unwavering commitment to a disciplined returns-oriented growth strategy will drive additional value creation for our shareholders. As we have highlighted in the past, the leadership team at Devon fundamentally believes that a steadier and more measured investment program through all cycles is the best path to optimize corporate-level returns, sustainably grow our business and generate free cash flow and reward our shareholders with increased amounts of cash returns. Importantly, this disciplined approach to the business will allow Devon to achieve all our capital allocation priorities at a flat $46 WTI price deck, while delivering a mid-teens growth rate in light-oil production. To be clear, this includes all of our capital expenditures, not just some of our capital as suggested by others in the industry in their definition of free cash flow within recent presentations. Inclusive of all capital and recurring expenses, Devon is poised to grow oil at a mid-teens rate within cash flow at $46 WTI. The benefits of higher commodity prices above $46 oil will drive higher levels of free cash flow for Devon shareholders, not higher capital activity. Now, let's run through some of the operational highlights and specifics of the 2019 program. As we look ahead to 2019, on Slide 7, we expect our disciplined growth strategy to deliver strong results. For New Devon, we plan to invest approximately $1.9 billion of E&P capital with half of this capital concentrated on low-risk developments in the economic core of our world-class Delaware Basin assets. The other half of our capital will be evenly split between high-return, low-risk oil projects in the STACK, Eagle Ford and Powder River Basin. Although well over 90% of our capital is focused on low-risk development, we will strategically allocate capital to mature our upside opportunities in the Niobrara, the Austin Chalk and other key plays. The capital efficiency associated with this plan is fantastic, allowing us to drill 15% more wells compared to 2018 for roughly 10% less capital investment. Key drivers of this improved capital efficiency are substantially lower facility costs across our retained U.S. asset portfolio, improved cycle times associated with our Wolfcamp program in the Delaware and optimized up-space development program in the STACK and a dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin. To reemphasize what I noted on a previous side, all of New Devon's capital requirements in 2019 are funded within operating cash flow at $46 WTI pricing assuming flat service and supply costs versus 2018. Turning to Slide 8, this level of capital investment is expected to drive light-oil production growth for New Devon of 13% to 18% in 2019. Importantly, the trajectory of New Devon's oil production profile is expected to steadily advance throughout the year and exit 2019 at rates more than 20% higher than the 2018 average. Coupled with our share repurchase program that is on pace to reduce our share count by nearly 30%, Devon is positioned to deliver some of the most advantaged per share growth rates in the industry. While our 2019 business outlook is very strong, we will build upon that success in the future by expanding profitability and improving the returns Devon is capable delivering on a multiyear basis. On Slide 9, we lay out multiyear targets, which highlight the peer-leading capital efficiency of the company. It really highlights what New Devon can deliver. First, we expect capital requirements over the next three years to be fully funded with an operating cash flow at a $46 WTI price point, while growing our light-oil production by around 12% to 17% per year over the same time period. As a direct result of our disciplined returns-based growth strategy at $55 WTI, which is near the current strip pricing, New Devon will generate a cumulative free cash flow of $1.6 billion through 2021. The profitability of our barrels will be enhanced through the aggressive improvement of our cost structure, which is expected to yield at least $780 million of annualized savings.  From a balance sheet perspective, new Devon will maintain a low leverage profile by targeting a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.0 times to 1.5 times. Slide 10 outlines the free cash flow our business is capable of delivering at various pricing points. As I've already emphasized, this plan is designed to completely fund our three-year capital requirements at an ultra-low WTI break-even price of $46 while providing an attractive mid-teens growth rate. And as I touched on a previous slide, at today's 36 months strip price of around $55 WTI pricing, the new Devon is capable of delivering a three-year cumulative free cash flow of $1.6 billion. This is equivalent to nearly 15% of our market capitalization at today's share price and represents a very competitive free cash flow yield to investors while still providing an attractive oil production growth rate. Importantly, this measure free cash flow yield includes the cash flow from new Devon only and isn't adjusted for the cash flow or value of Canada, the Barnett or other minor U.S. non-core assets for sale. Now, I'll quickly cover a few operating highlights from the fourth quarter. Slide 11 highlights the impressive momentum in the Delaware. Oil production is up 49% year-over-year and has already advanced another 14% in January compared to the fourth quarter. Our well results continue to improve sequentially, reflecting the quality and depth of inventory across our large acreage position in the economic heart of the basin. This will continue into 2019 with our focused Wolfcamp program and an additional development in the Bone Spring near our basin-leading Boundary Raider wells. Slide 12 outlines the substantial progress we have made optimizing infill spacing developments in the STACK. The success of our up-space development drove oil production 9% higher in the quarter versus the third quarter. As important as the strong rates are the significant capital efficiencies in these infill developments. The drilling and completion costs of our infill wells are coming in at approximately 30% lower than the parent wells, a positive step change in capital efficiency. The improved capital efficiency, well STACK generate free cash flow of around $300 million in 2019 at today's prices. Slide 13 covers Eagle Ford, where we expect to add a third rig in 2019. Beyond the prolific lower Eagle Ford wells have driven our development program in previous years, an important program for us this year is our Austin Chalk appraisal. Our five-well program along with industry-leading offset activity could derisk more than 200 locations. With regard to 2018 results, this asset continue to perform at a very high level contributing more than $515 million of free cash flow. For the quarter, positive results were driven by 15 lower Eagle Ford wells averaging 30-day IPs of 3,700 BOE per day highlighting the quality of the position. Slide 14 provides an update on the Powder River Basin where we entered 2019 with significant momentum. January oil production rates were up 25% versus the fourth quarter. Importantly, we expect this momentum to continue as we double our activity levels in 2019 to four rigs and have a dedicated frac crew. The expected 2019 exit-to-exit oil growth rate for these emerging opportunities is greater than 50%. The program will prioritize the Turner. It will also advance the Niobrara program building on the early success seen in 2018. Turning to Slide 15, Devon's differentiated investment story only gets better. We believe our top-tier U.S. oil business trades at a substantial discount to comparable high-quality peers on a number of metrics. We have included a simple comparison on an enterprise value to EBITDA basis to demonstrate this point. As you can see, the analysis implies new Devon creates a very attractive valuation and suggests that investors have further upside with the separation of our Canadian, Barnett and other marketed assets. Bottom line is that we see a tremendous investment opportunity in Devon and we have put our money where our mouth is by aggressively buying back our stock over the past year. Devon represents a unique value proposition in E&P sector that is recognized by the Company and our Board has authorized another increase to our share repurchase authorization to $5 billion. We will be actively buying back shares at this attractive valuation. So, in summary, why should you own Devon? First, core of the core positions in the best U.S. oil plays, low breakevens of $46 WTI with a mid-teens oil growth rate. We are committed to capital-efficient growth and returning capital to shareholders. And finally with new Devon, you have a unique opportunity to own a top-tier E&P at an incredibly attractive valuation.
Scott Coody: Thanks Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. I was wondering if you could maybe outline confidence in achieving the $780 million of cost savings with 70% by year-end particularly on the G&A line item. And I'm also hoping that you can kind of address on Slide 9 the free cash flow targets that you achieve because in the footnotes, you're saying that the cost savings are fully realized at the beginning of 2019. So just wondering if you could help reconcile that slide as well.
Dave Hager: Yes, Arun, good morning. We are extremely confident on achieving at least $780 million of annualized cost savings. We have activities ongoing right now that are moving us toward achieving those results. We have results or things that we're doing on the drilling and completion side, we outlined some of the key items there. I think if you look at the deck back on Slide 17, it highlights some of the increased capital efficiency around facility costs and I mentioned Wolfcamp drilling cost, and STACK infill design, dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin, et cetera. We are working on the LOE side right now. The interest expense is obviously contingent upon the asset sale. And we're confident that we're going to do that. But I think very importantly on the G&A side and that we have said that we will achieve approximately 70% of those savings by the end of this year; I can tell you that we have already started our activity on that front and there is going to be additional activity in the very near future. And we have a plan. We've started the execution of that plan and we're very confident that we're going to get those results. Jeff you want to...
Arun Jayaram: Just on that Slide 9 or 10, you go through the cumulative free cash flow of $1.6 billion. But just trying to understand when you're assuming – what you're assuming for cost savings for that target.
Dave Hager: Jeff is going to answer for us Arun.
JeffRitenour: Yes, Arun, this is Jeff. As we outlined on the slide with the cost savings about 70% of that's going to come in the first year. But keep in mind we've tried to build a 2019 that's clean. So we've assumed that we're starting to get the impact of those cost savings in the 2019 time frame.  As you know, that's going to be dependent on, as Dave highlighted, interest cost, for example, is going to be a function of the asset sale proceeds. So, until we actually get the asset sold, you're obviously not going to be able to pay down the debt and recognize some of those interest costs. But we tried to show you a clean 2019 look.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up, Jeff, can you walk us through potential proceeds, the tax efficiency of the sales of the Barnett and Canada and perhaps the PV10 value of both of those assets for the 10-K?
JeffRitenour: Sure, Arun. Well, as you might guess, we're not going to prejudge our processes that we have ongoing in each of those assets. But as you're well aware, there have been multiple transactions in Canada, in the SAGD space over the last couple of years. Certainly, there's several publicly traded companies with quality SAGD assets in that space but I think folks can look to get a sense of the value proposition. On the Barnett side, again, have been fewer transactions obviously here of recent, we did obviously sell our Johnson County package last year. I would point out to you, however, that this package is much larger and has a larger weighting toward liquid. So those are things to keep in mind as you think about the value proposition. From a tax standpoint, as I think you probably had talked to Scott a little bit last night and he's probably shared some of this with you already, but our expectation is, we will not have any cash taxes in 2019 related to the divestiture of either of these assets. That's a function of the bases that we have in both of those assets. Structure of the ultimate transaction is ultimately going to determine the tax implications. But under any scenario, we really don't believe there's going to be significant tax impact. Again, that's a function of the bases that we have in the assets, as well as the tax attributes that we have in hand today. So for example, at year-end, we had just under $400 million of NOLs in the U.S. So, you put all that together and we think we're going to have a pretty tax-efficient separation of both of these assets.
Dave Hager: I may just add a little detail around the G&A, because I suspect others are going to have this same question about it. So if you start with a run or a 2018 G&A of $650 million, we're saying we're going to achieve $300 million of G&A savings. And let me kind of break that down for you so you get an idea in the different categories. We have already identified and already have completed about $35 million of efficiency gains versus the 2018 annual numbers. So our run rate currently is around 615. We expect another $100 million associated with the divestiture-related exits and specifically the G&A associated with Canada and the Barnett directly related to that. We're targeting additionally about $75 million of non-workforce-related reductions in G&A. And there are a number of areas that that's going to come from. But we've identified specific areas where we think that we can target savings. We're spending more than we want. But there are certainly some areas even like the technology area, we think our costs are high and we're working to reduce those, optimizing our third-party labor, a number of areas are non-specific to, that are not workforce-related, and we do target about $90 million of workforce reductions. So and the bulk of that will be done in 2019 as well. So that gives you a little more detail hopefully to see how we get there.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Dave, I wonder if or maybe Jeff, I'm not sure who wants to take this, but can you give us an idea what you think the run rate cash flow is associated with the oil sands business and the Barnett business? Because, obviously, as you pointed out in your slide deck, the oil business, the main core business is of a scale now that it can self-fund its growth, but previously I think one of the issues that prevented an exit from these was that they generated substantial free cash. So what should we be thinking as kind of run rate cash flow that is associated to these two?
Dave Hager: I think Jeff can handle it, but obviously in Canada, it's been quite variable. The cash flow that's been generated from that given the differentials. But Jeff can give you more specific numbers.
JeffRitenour: Yes. Doug, as just Dave pointed out, it's a little bit challenging at the moment just given the volatility that we saw in the differentials in the fourth quarter. But we're certainly on a go-forward basis thinking about more normalized differentials from a WCS standpoint. There's obviously other complexity given the curtailments and everything else that's going on in the space. But if you think about our base business and steady-state production, you're probably in that $400 million to $500 million range from an EBITDA standpoint for the asset. On the Barnett, I believe in 2018 that asset did around $200 million and $250 million of cash flow, and so it should be in that same ballpark going forward.
Doug Leggate: All right. And we are not many miles away. Thank you for that. My follow-up is really more on the go-forward plan. Dave, the performance in the Boundary area and the Delaware obviously has been quite impressive. I think you still hold the record wells up there. But as I look across the going into Cotton Draw and some of the other areas that you tested initial wells in the fourth quarter, the whole area looks like it has stepped up in terms of productivity. So I guess I'm curious what should we be thinking now in terms of the standard well design that's behind your go-forward program given that the Delaware is dominating the drilling plan? I'm really thinking more about the quality of that 2000 location inventory; how variable is that relative to 2019 fund would look like and I'll leave it there? Thanks.
Dave Hager: Well, we've obviously had a significant step change in productivity with the Delaware Basin. As we've moved out of the appraisal activity and now we're more into the full development activity in the Delaware Basin. So we're being able to target the right zones and the right areas and that has led to this productivity improvement. That's going to continue some. I think the other thing you're going to see, as I alluded to, you're going to start to see the costs come down significantly on the Wolfcamp program. So, Tony, I don't know you if you want to go – you can go through a little more specifics on the well expectations by formation?
Tony Vaughn: Doug, in the Wolfcamp, you know, we're going to spend about – we're going to drill about 45% of our activity will be in the Wolfcamp in 2019. And as Dave mentioned, having great success there on the well performance side but also on the cost efficiency side of our business. Some of the good well performance is also translating up into our Todd area which is pretty far north for Wolfcamp activity and seeing some really outstanding results there.  But if we look at the typical 8,500-foot Wolfcamp well, our D&C costs right now are estimated someplace between $9 million and $11 million per well; recognize that we're in a transition state right now where the more repetitions we have that's coming down the learnings are accelerating quite rapidly. The 30-day IPs we're estimating to be about 2,500 BOEs per day and ultimate recoveries are we're estimating to be upwards of about 1.4 million barrels per well. You also have followed our activity in the Bone Springs and we continue to do very good thoughtful work there with outstanding results, high returns. And there we're spending about $6 million to $7 million per well. IP is a little bit less in the Wolfcamp, a little bit less than 2,000 BOEs per day and ultimate recoveries is about 1 million barrels per well. And Leonard is also a great story line there as well. Costs are in that same range as the Bone Spring's well. The 30-day IPs are about 1,500 BOEs per day and the ultimate recoveries are also about 1 million barrels per well. So we're quite pleased with all the activity that we have in the Delaware. I got to compliment our technical staff, at this point Doug, since we're talking about the Delaware. They've done a very nice job building out the infrastructure for that entire area. I think you've heard us talking the past about the magnitude of water that we move through our existing infrastructure, which is about 90% to 95%. So the guys are doing just really quality work and I think this is all predicated, not really initialized from the initial work where we locked up our acreage in the areas that we knew we wanted to focus. And that has proven out to be extremely valuable decision from three years ago.
Doug Leggate: Tony, just to be clear before I jump off, so the chart showing the 2018 program, on the 2018 Boundary Raider program, is the implication that your 2000 locations, do you expect to be able to continue to follow that kind of profile?
Dave Hager: We're going to put John. John is Head of our Delaware Business Unit and John has been a part of all the transformation work that we're doing in the Delaware.
John Raines: Yes. Doug, what I would say is, when you look at our 2019 program, the activity is pretty evenly split over what I'd call our big four core areas. With the Potato Basin, with our Spud Muffin project, we're adding a fifth core area this year. And these four or five core areas I guess now would be what I would characterize as geographically and geologically diverse. So what Tony just walked through was essentially a blended average of our production profile. When you look at the Boundary Raider area in particular, in 2019, we're offsetting the Boundary Raiders with about 20 wells, and we have a bit higher expectations for those wells; it's called our cat scratch fever development program. So as compared to the blended average, we have higher expectations for these wells. What I would caution you is that the Boundary Raider wells are the biggest wells in the history of the Delaware Basin, so we're not going to build a type curve off those two wells, but we do have extremely high expectations for this program.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate for the answer, guys. I have to meet a guy that named Spud Muffin, but we will leave out for another day. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Your next question is from Phillip Jungwirth with the BMO. Your line is open.
Phillip Jungwirth: Thanks. Good morning.
Dave Hager: Good morning.
Phillip Jungwirth: In the past, you've always talked about wanting a mid-cycle price for Canada. And now with a more definitive time line around separation, how much will market condition continue to play a role here? And what gives you confidence that the assets can transact at an attractive price?
Dave Hager: Well, we're not going to give these assets – this asset away. This is a high-quality asset. There is in top 10% of all SAGD assets out there. Assets like this don't come to market every day and we think that that's going to be recognized by the potential purchasers that will – how high-quality asset this is. And I think frankly there are a number of people who are looking at this business for the long-term and understand that and will understand that the differentials can swing widely. But they do have some confidence that eventually we are going to have more pipeline infrastructure out there and we'll be able to price it appropriately. So you're not going to see – we're not going to give it away. But I think the other thing that I would remind you and that's important I remind you to go back and look once again at – on the operations report at Slide 11 where it shows that even with no value ascribed to the Barnett and Canada, we're still trading at a discount. So in a way, you're getting free option on this. Now that doesn't mean we're going to give it away for free because we think it is a valuable asset. But when you look at the share price I think that's important thing to keep in mind.
Phillip Jungwirth: Great. And then on the option for spin, curious if you had any initial thoughts on pro forma leverage, G&A allocation and whether you would expect Devon to retain any equity ownership in the new company.
Jeff Ritenour: This is Jeff. We're in early days of just working through all that with our advisors, so I don't have definitive answers for you on each of those points but our current expectation is a complete exit. So not to say that we won't consider structures where Devon does keep some sort of equity ownership but our current thought is a complete spin to shareholders.
Phillip Jungwirth: Right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Morris with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Robert Morris: Thank you and Dave congratulations on pending transformation.
Dave Hager: Thanks Rob.
Robert Morris: Question on the STACK here I know versus what that you laid out in November. It appears you're cutting some capital out of the STACK and that results in a pretty sharp downtick in activity there this year versus last year. Can you give us a little bit of color or thought around why you're cutting capital out of that area versus the other core areas now?
Dave Hager: Well, I'd say that overall we obviously allocate the capital to where we see the highest returns. Now we do have some very high-quality program that we're going to be executing in the STACK in the volatile oil window and we feel good about that. But I think with the – you start with the overall desire to certainly live within cash flow and to generate some level of free cash flow with the breakevens of $46 you can see that we're poised to do that. But given that and given where we want the overall capital budget to be, you start ticking through the areas and the Delaware is performing just outstanding. We want to keep our momentum going there. The Powder River Basin, we think it's important to expand from two to four rigs to be able to go into development on the Turner and fully appraise the Niobrara activity. The Eagle Ford, we've gone to three rigs in partnership with our new partner, BP, and potentially adding a fourth rig later this year. And so we have a relationship there, so we feel that's appropriate. So that really makes it come back to the STACK and STACK is really the one that has the most flexibility for the pace of the program. And so given the learnings we have and we want to concentrate on the core of the volatile oil window that's the one that we feel that we should adjust capital.
Robert Morris: Okay that's good answer. Appreciate that. With regard to capital allocation, I see that you're targeting 25 horizontal refresh in the Eagle Ford this year. Can you give us a sense of sort of the costs of those, what the economics are in doing those and the uplift in the EUR of production trend in those refracs?
Tony Vaughn: Bob, this is Tony again. We are – we've got about 19 planned for 2019. We're having great success with our refrac program especially high-end success with our liner refracs. And there we're spending about $4 million per well. When we tried to go without liner and without trying to add new perfs and direct our injection with a plug-and-perf system we can save about $1.5 million and get back to something closer to about $2.5 million. Order of magnitude, we're seeing on uplift. It depends on well to well, but we're seeing an uplift of about 1,000 barrels of oil per day uplift from the wells that have been fracked – refracked with the liner system. The total capital again is about $4 million and the expected rate of return is really at the high end of our portfolio risk. And if you look at the cheaper refracs that we've done just bull heading the fluid and prop it down; gets similar-type response and economics there at lesser cost, but the IPs are a little bit less at about 700 initially. And again a little bit more volatility in some of the results we've had to date. But for the most part we're excited about this and find it to be one of the higher-end components of our portfolio.
Robert Morris: That's great. And just lastly, what would you estimate the inventory you have of refrac candidates now?
Tony Vaughn: We've got about 700 refrac opportunities in the field on an unrisked basis. So as we continue to prosecute this and get more data, we'll just keep marking through that list.
Robert Morris: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe a follow-up, first of all, I mean, if you're able to execute on planned monetization efforts, your potential and your commitment to shareholder cash returns are clearly set you apart from your U.S. onshore pure-play peers while still growing double-digit oil volumes. Can you talk about how you think about free cash flow generation of the goal, whether you have specific targets relative to peers or relative to the broader market or how you look to manage free cash flow generation relative to organic growth over the longer term?
Jeff Ritenour: Hi, Ryan, this is Jeff. I think as I started out I would point you to one of the things that we're really focused on is just maintaining steady state of activity in our base operations. And as we've talked about today, we feel really comfortable that we can do that at $46 kind of break-even price that we've laid out. We aren't specifically targeting a specific yield or an absolute dollar number, but really more focused on maintaining that momentum in our operational programs and then focused on the cost control that we've outlined today. And then beyond that the free cash flow frankly is just going to fall out of that game plan.
Dave Hager: I think Ryan, our basic philosophy is to have a consistent measured approach to capital investment. We find that we generate the highest returns when we do not dramatically increase or decrease our capital spending. And so you can look for us and that's one of the strengths obviously advantages of having a strong balance sheet also allows you to weather fluctuations in commodity prices. And so we – you can see us, we may flex it up and down slightly but we try not to do it too much because if you do you start losing returns. You become much less efficient. So you can look for us to stay measured in our approach on capital investment. And as Jeff said as free cash flow is generated above that approach, we see that available to return to shareholders.
Ryan Todd: I appreciate that color. And maybe a question on the PRB unit, a pretty significant increase year-on-year in activity. Can you talk about where you see those assets in terms of confidence level on development maturity as you move toward more of a development program there how you feel about in terms of how much you've been able to derisk and how you think that activity level may evolve in the next few years?
Dave Hager: I would say – Tony is going to give you the detail but the big picture is the Turner is moving into full development and we are appraising the Niobrara for potential full development in 2020. But Tony can lay more details on that.
Tony Vaughn: And that's right, Dave. Ryan, we're quite excited about the Powder River Basin position. We've been operating in the basin for quite some time and fully understand the subsurface of the basin. You recall that we expanded our position a couple of years ago and the team has done a really thoughtful job of derisking the Turner. We've continued to manage our Turner appraisal process understanding spacing as Dave mentioned are now moving into the development phase of that. So very high confidence on the results that we've seen in the Turner, we also continue to run about a rig line associated with the shallower zones in department and the Teapot in there is a great filler for some of the Turner activity. Those type of results have been outstanding. And I think if you looked at the operating reports on the detailed information there, we brought on about nine wells at the second half of December; came on a little bit late because we don't operating two rigs there. We did not have the ability to handle a dedicated frac fleet. So it was deferred just a little bit, moved most of our new performance from those nine wells into January. But the well results were outstanding; fit right nicely into our expectations. As Dave mentioned, we're increasing our activity. We're at three rigs right now and by April we'll have the fourth rig running and we'll also have our dedicated frac fleet there. And what that significance of that means in terms of the cost savings there, our technical team has done a really good job and they believe they can work about $1 million per well out of our costs simply by having enough of a relationship between the four rigs to keep the one frac fleet busy. So we're very optimistic about the development work we're doing there. What's also very intriguing to us right now is the work that we're doing in the Niobrara and we've reported on three outstanding wells in the Niobrara. Those are holding up really nicely fit well into our subsurface model. We're continuing to appraise that in 2019. And in fact, on our Atlas East program, we're going to watch that develop in 2019. And by the end of 2019, if all this drills out as we expect to we'll be into development mode around the Atlas East portion of our base in there and have the capabilities to even increase rig count past that for Niobrara development. And if you remember, the Niobrara is a source rock for the upper portion of the column there in the Powder River Basin. There were certainly behave more like a ubiquitous unconventional formation like we're used to prosecuting. So a lot of upside coming our way in the Powder River Basin.
Dave Hager: Ryan, I can tell you just a second just to highlight – step back and highlight. What I think is a very important point about the New Devon. And it's really showing in a series of three slides there in the operations report, not the one accompanying the – my comments, not the management commentary, but the operational report and Slides 4, 5, and 6. And Slide 4 shows that we have assets in four of the best U.S. onshore basins. And we don't just have assets in four of the best U.S. onshore basins, we have – when you look at the acreage position, our acreage is truly located in the best parts of each of those four basins. And that manifests itself directly on Slide 5 with those well productivity results. And a little provocative in my comments there, but it is amazing to me that we're so transparent with everything. We talk about base missteps we have at Showboat and the STACK and all that, but it just makes you wonder. I mean, we talked about that and the negatives there, but look at where we stack up. We are stacked up even including that at the top of the 90-day IP charts. So that is that's transparency and that's also showing that we're in the best parts of those basins. And then when you continue on Page 6, we have depth. So we've got acreage in the best part of it and we also have depth in the best part of it. And that's why we are so excited about this New Devon because we think this positions us to compete at the top echelon of the U.S. onshore unconventional companies.
Tony Vaughn: Ryan, you're on the phone, this is Tony. I misspoke. It's not Atlas East, it's our western portion of our development called, Atlas West.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate all that color.
Operator: Your next question is from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: A question on the sale potentially of Barnett and Canada, Do you have any – have you been approached by buyers? Do you have any sort of notional bids on those yet? Or will those come out of a data room process?
Dave Hager: Those will come out of a data room process. We just hope to have the data room completed by – on Canada by the end of the first quarter; Barnett second quarter. And so that we'll get bids in.
Bob Brackett: Okay. And then a follow-up on the refrac question earlier for the Eagle Ford. Do you have a notion of the EURs of those refracs? And are those refracs included in your inventory of high-return locations?
Tony Vaughn: Bob, I'm just looking at some of the notes here. This would be about 150 MBOE to 200 MBOE per refrac.
Bob Brackett: And are those counted as inventory locations?
Tony Vaughn: No, they are not.
Bob Brackett: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. Sticking with the Eagle Ford, you talked about the refrac program and you also talked about stabilizing volumes by year-end and potentially growing in 2020. Is that mainly just a function of the three-rig program i.e. greater activity or beyond the refracs? Are there other measures that are contributing to that stabilization and potential growth?
Dave Hager: I think it would be primarily due – three rigs basically production plan in the Eagle Ford. And so the anticipation that we may have a fourth rig in the Eagle Ford which should be somewhat predicated on the success of the appraisal work in the Austin Chalk.
Brian Singer: The fourth rig would basically only come in if the Austin Chalk were successful in other words?
Dave Hager: Yes.
Brian Singer: Got you. Great. And one quick question with regards to the Barnett Shale. Would the transportation piece be a part of the sale? Or would you be retaining transportation or paying or having to settle on transportation contracts?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Brian, this is Jeff. That's still to be determined. We have worked through that with the potential buyer. I will point out to you though the MVC is obviously that we've lived with in the Barnett dropped off here at 2018. So you've seen a big step-up in the resulting cash flows as a result of that.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dave and whole team there.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Meade: I appreciate the, I guess, your posture in all your comments today. You've got a good and a new story to tell. But I wanted to go back to a couple of your earlier responses in Q&A about the Canadian assets. And I recognize that you guys are going to be circumspect as you're in the sales process. But I just want to make sure I understand what you do want to tell us. So you've said in your slides in and operations report, you say it's free cash flow above $50 WTI. But did I hear right that you expect the annual EBITDA in the range of $400 million to $500 million for Canada? And if so what is the implied WTI price in that assumption?
Jeff Ritenour: Charles, this is Jeff. Yes, the WTI price that we assumed in that is kind of a $55 oil.
Charles Meade: Got it, got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then if I could go back and ask a question about those boundary Raider wells. And I recognize it's just two wells and you can't move a type curve based on it. But I'd go back to a few quarters ago when you said that's pretty outstanding wells in the STACK area. And the story was there that you predicted that the wells will be more productive because there was – you anticipated a change in lithology. And I'm wondering if that was the case also with these Boundary Raider wells that you expected different lithology that would be more productive going in and how these wells, which are really outstanding wells – how they fit with your previous expectations?
Dave Hager: Yes. Well, maybe we have John Raines discuss it here a little bit more detail. I think we all anticipated to be good wells based on our understanding of the lithology and the thickness of the particular zones. We're targeting that we all think they're going to be as good as they were. I think they may have been a little bit of a surprise they were that good. But I think we do have a good handle for what's going on lithologically there. And that's why we expect this next batch oil to be really strong. Now are they going to be as strong as those two wells or maybe not that quite strong but they'll be strong wells. So John you want to add to that?
John Raines: Yes. This is John. Just a touch of detail on that. We actually drilled the parent well in the Boundary Raider area back a few years ago and discovered the lithology. There's a bit of a structural high there. You've got some exceptionally clean sand in the Second Bone Spring. But the reality is as we marched east with our cat scratch fever program we don't have us much well control in the Second Bone Spring. So for us to predict Boundary Raider like results would probably be a bit foolish, but like everybody said we expect big things from the cat scratch program and look forward to bringing those wells on.
Charles Meade: Thanks for that detail, John. And thanks, Dave.
Dave Hager: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Grigel with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Paul Grigel: Hi, good morning. What's the underlying PDP decline rate of the New Devon U.S. onshore business moving forward?
Jeff Ritenour: Hi, Paul we're pulling this number together right now, but directionally, it looks like to us with regards it's about 30% year one on a BOE basis and oil is going to be a little bit higher than that. So that's going to be for the New Devon. So that would exclude the Barnett and Canada.
Paul Grigel: Okay perfect. Thank you. And then I guess following up on the Powder River, you mentioned on the infrastructure not being an issue in 2019 as you move to four rigs. How should we think about either oil or gas takeaway or other logistical infrastructure items as you move maybe and later into 2019 or into 2020, should the Niobrara go into development mode as well?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. This is Jeff, Paul. We don't expect to see any issues in the near term – excuse me, 2019, 2020 or 2021 from a transportation standpoint or takeaway standpoint.
Paul Grigel: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from John Aschenbeck with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
John Aschenbeck: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Wanted to follow up on your three-year plan and I apologize if I missed this, but I was wondering how we should think about the progression of free cash flow, specifically as we get into 2020 and 2021. I'm just wondering is it fairly ratable or if there's perhaps some lumpiness from one year to another. And then also I'm not sure if you have it in front of you but was curious what the progression of CapEx looks like over that time period as well. Thanks.
Jeff Ritenour: This is Jeff. Yes, the first two years are pretty comparable as you roll forward. 2021, you do see a move higher with the production growth that we expect and you'll see additional free cash flow as the cost savings really start to compound over that multiyear period. On a capital standpoint, it's relatively flat as well. You'll see some increase on a year-over-year basis from 2019 to 2020 and then from 2020 to 2021; 10% overall.
John Aschenbeck: Got it, got it. Really helpful. Appreciate that. Last one is a more of a point of clarification on your 2019 oil growth. Looking at your exit rate that's targeting 20% growth versus full year 2018, how should we think of that exit rate? Is it fair to think of that as a proxy for a Q4 average? Or is it more so a smaller snapshot of time?
Jeff Ritenour: We will probably consider that a snapshot in time. That's just trying to give you indicator of just the production momentum we expect heading into 2020. So not trying to imply Q4 there but clearly you'll see a pretty strong growth rate year-over-year, but probably not greater than 20%.
John Aschenbeck: Okay. Perfect. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Subash Chandra with Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra: Yes, hi. First question on Canada, how are you thinking about Pike in the asset sale? I guess as a full exit, so is the intention sort of recover the billion-ish invested in Pike to-date?
Dave Hager: Well, its full axis of Canada. So Pike would be included in that in whatever sales price we get.
Subash Chandra: Okay. And the capital allocation in the U.S., just a follow-up on the Eagle Ford and STACK, the completion phase in 2019 for STACK in the 80 90 wells, should we think of that sort of as a run rate going forward? And in the Eagle Ford, the refracs, do they stand on their own or are they part of a mitigation strategy against frac heads?
Tony Vaughn: Subash on the Eagle Ford question, a portion of these are stand-alone refracs but the portion of those part of the completion of a pad. So it'd be a pressure mitigation process.
Scott Coody: And Subash, this is Scott. With regards to the STACK activity levels for 2019, we're going to bring online a few more wells than what we drill. I think we're going to drill about 90 wells, and from a spudding perspective, order of magnitude maybe 10 less somewhere in that neighborhood. So I think that's the best way to think about the cadence of activity in the STACK in 2019.
Subash Chandra: Okay. And so no comment on 2020 and beyond? Or should we think about that program as being a run rate program beyond 2019?
Dave Hager: Subash, I think it's a little bit early to be looking at that. But right now we have thoughts that that would just be a good cash flow-generating asset and that activity would be somewhat consistent with our plans in 2019. We're quite excited right now. I think we reported in some really good rates on the wells that are associated with the less dense space projects and that's showing to be really prolific and has not been built into our fuller modeling thought process, but for the most part be fairly consistent activity to 2019.
Subash Chandra: Right. Thank you for all the answers.
Scott Coody: I show that we're now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if we didn't get your question, please not hesitate to reach out the Investor Relations team today, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Once again, thank you for your time.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp. Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp. Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp. Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp. Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone had the chance to review our financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance and detailed operations report. Additionally, for the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. These slides are available on our website and we will make sure to refer to the slide number during our prepared remarks so that everyone can follow along. On today's call I will cover a few preliminary items and then I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager. Dave will provide his thoughts on the strategic directions of Devon. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, will cover a few highlights from our U.S. resource plays and provide his perspective on the current market dynamics in Canada. And then we will wrap up our prepared remarks with Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer, covering our financial highlights. Overall this commentary should last around 15 minutes before we head to Q&A. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to the questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectation and estimates that are forward-looking statements (01:26-01:28). These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. For today's call my comments will touch on three key messages related to the strategic direction of Devon. Turning to slide 2, the first key message I want to emphasize is our commitment to our disciplined, multiyear development plans. At Devon, we fundamentally believe that a steadier and more measured investment program through all cycles is the correct strategy to optimize corporate level returns, grow our business, generate free cash flow and reward our shareholders with increasing amounts of cash returns. With this disciplined approach to the business, the benefits of any pricing windfall above our base plan will simply manifest in higher levels of free cash flow for Devon, not higher capital activity. I am absolutely convinced this balanced operating model is the future of the E&P business and we will be a leader in this movement. Importantly, this bold commentary is backstopped by actions which has resulted in several value enhancement accomplishments year to date. Our light oil growth is running ahead of plan with no modifications to our capital spending. This combination is a unique success in the E&P space this year. We have taken action to materially improve our corporate cost structure, delivering $475 million of savings on an annualized basis. Our capital discipline has resulted in free cash flow in the second half of 2018 and, coupled with divest proceeds, we have generated nearly $4 billion of excess cash inflows this year. We have strategically deployed a portion of this excess cash flow to reduce debt and we have raised our net debt to EBITDA target of 1 to 1.5 times nearly two years ahead of plan. And maybe the most important highlight of 2018 is the industry-leading amounts of cash we are returning to shareholders through our $4 billion share repurchase program. All in all, we are executing at a very high level on the objectives underpinning our strategy and I expect our disciplined business model to continue to deliver differentiating results in the future. Looking ahead to 2019, my second key message is that we are accelerating investment in our world-class Delaware Basin assets. Turning to slide 3, from a total company perspective, we directionally expect our E&P capital to range from $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion in 2019. With this activity, the Delaware will be our top funded asset by a wide margin with investment increasing by greater than 25% to nearly $1 billion. As showcased in our Q3 operations report, the increased activity in the Delaware is an easy capital allocation decision given the massive step change improvement in well productivity and returns we have experienced over the past year. Importantly, we have secured the supply chain, infrastructure and takeaway capacity to execute on our development plans. Beyond the Delaware, the STACK and Rockies will also be important growth assets for us in 2019. With our refined approach to infill spacing, we expect the STACK to be our second highest funded asset in 2019 and the doubling of activity in the Rockies will also contribute to our oil growth initiatives. Specifically in the STACK, we are very confident we have determined the optimum well spacing of 4 to 8 wells per drilling spacing unit. This quarter marks an inflection point in both returns and volumes for the STACK. Better days are on the way very soon in the STACK. In aggregate, approximately 90% of our total capital program in 2019 will be allocated to our high-growth U.S. resource plays. This highly focused capital program in 2019 is expected to drive 15% to 19% oil growth from our retained U.S. assets with total company-wide volumes projected to advance at a high-single digit rate on a retained asset basis. Most importantly, this light oil oriented development program is designed to deliver healthy margin expansion and achieve highly competitive cash flow per share growth at today's strip prices. Moving to slide 4, the final key message I want to convey is that we are on track to deliver on the performance targets associated with our multiyear business plan. While I will not cover all of the details on this slide, I want to be clear: the management team at Devon is not content with the substantial progress we have made to date, and we're striving not just to meet but exceed the goals associated with our multiyear business plan. To do so, we will allocate capital by prioritizing efficiencies and returns above growth. The Delaware will be our top funded asset as we will accelerate investment in our world-class U.S. growth platform. This plan will transition our product mix toward higher-margin barrels, and we will maximize the value of this production by effectively managing costs. We will continue to evaluate strategic opportunities to high grade the portfolio. Going forward, as we generate excess free cash flow, we will prioritize the return of cash to our shareholders through the growth in the dividend and additional share repurchases beyond our current $4 billion program. With that, I will turn the call over to Tony for additional commentary on our operations.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Dave. Today my remarks will be focused on a few key messages related to our U.S. growth platform and I will also provide some thoughts on our current market dynamics in Canada. Beginning with the Delaware Basin on slide 5, I believe it is fair to state that these world-class assets have reached an inflection point with the massive improvement in well productivity achieved in 2018. While our Wolfcamp wells stole the headlines this quarter with IPs reaching 4000 BOEs per day, our Bone Spring and Leonard programs have also consistently delivered outstanding results this year. In aggregate, between these three prolific formations, our average well productivity in the Delaware has improved by more than 70% in 2018 compared to legacy activity in the area. This step change in productivity is driven by the combination of good technical work from our staff and a more focused development program in the economic core of the play. Importantly, we are well positioned to accelerate Delaware Basin activity in the fourth quarter and into 2019 to further exploit the advantage these top tier assets provide. This plan will result in higher 2018 exit rate targets and will deliver around 40% oil growth in 2019. What excites me just as much as the strong volume growth is the 10% to 15% decline in per unit LOE rates we expect to achieve in 2019 due to the upfront investment we have made in scalable power, water and oil takeaway infrastructure. Now moving to slide 6, I'd like to shift my commentary to focus on the next steps associated with our STACK infill spacing program. As you are aware, our initial infill spacing pilots were designed with up to 12 wells per drilling unit to test the net present value upside associated with our acreage in the over-pressured oil window. With the data we received from our initial 12 well Showboat spacing project, we have quickly recalibrated our completion designs and flowback strategy to improve results at both Bernhardt and Horsefly, which were testing spacing of 8 and 10 wells per unit, respectively. Collectively, these infill tests have provided further advanced our understanding of the optimal development approach in the play, and as a result, our go-forward activity will be sized at four to eight wells per section in the STACK. As you can see on the map on slide 6, several of these lighter density spacing projects are achieving first production in Q4. Importantly, more than 75% of these wells are targeting the Upper Meramec sweet spot, and early results are confirming our view that this is the optimal approach to development. With this program, we expect production growth to accelerate in STACK before the end of this year, and this momentum underpins our growth expectations in 2019. Coupled with recent well costs declining by more than 30% versus legacy activity in the field, we expect these projects to deliver highly competitive returns. This will be the second highest funded asset in our portfolio next year, and with the vast majority of our Meramec resource undeveloped, we have no shortage of highly economic inventory in the STACK to drive future growth. The last U.S. asset I would like to discuss is the Powder River Basin, which is what I believe to be the best emerging growth opportunity in North America. With our Super Mario Turner program ready for full-field development and strong results from our Niobrara appraisal activity, we are ready to accelerate activity. By early 2019, we plan to double activity to four rigs and drill 50 new wells during the year. The vast majority of this activity will be low-risk, high-return Turner development activity that will drive strong production growth from this asset by mid-2019. We will also more aggressively delineate our Niobrara potential in 2019 with more than 10 new wells. Our significant Niobrara position of 200,000 net acres provides us the opportunity for a scalable and repeatable resource play that has the potential to be an important growth platform for Devon in 2020 and beyond. And finally, in Canada, as we disclosed a few weeks ago, the incremental facility repair work we identified during our turnaround efforts at Jackfish is now complete. Our Jackfish complex is fully operational, and in October we were producing at roughly 110% of nameplate capacity. However, with the weakness in pricing in November, we have adjusted our production rates lower at Jackfish. It is important to note that this proactive action was previously incorporated into our Q4 guidance we issued a few weeks ago. These curtailment decisions are based on real-time pricing, and we expect to continue to defer volumes in the future should these barrels continue to be extremely undervalued. As you can see on slide 7, when we look ahead to 2019, we have several initiatives in flight to help protect cash flow. We will continue to opportunistically add financial hedges. We have firm transport contracted for a portion of our volumes to access the advantaged Gulf Coast pricing and we are actively negotiating real terms for a tranche of our production. Looking beyond near-term pricing issues in Canada, I believe it is important to focus on the attractive long term attributes of this asset which include low declines, minimal maintenance capital and substantial free cash flow generating capabilities. When it comes to the valuation of this long-life asset, these unique attributes should be valued at a premium compared to other highly capital intensive plays across North America. In fact, just last year, in a more normalized price environment, our Canadian assets generated over $800 million in cash flow. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff for additional commentary on our financial results.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Tony. I'd like to spend my time today discussing a few key financial highlights for the quarter. On slide 8, a great place to start is with NGL prices, which were a key driver of our revenue growth in the quarter. Devon is one of the largest producers of NGLs in the U.S., and with NGL pricing nearly doubling as compared to the same period a year ago, we are able to capitalize on this pricing tailwind through our secured flow assurance and access to the premium Mont Belvieu market. Approximately 98% of our volumes have access to Mont Belvieu, where waterborne access provides a structural pricing advantage compared to the landlocked Conway market in Kansas. Across our key NGL-producing regions, we have low fixed rates for transportation to the Gulf Coast, and we have contractually reserve fractionating capacity for our Y-grade barrels. In fact, we currently have excess fractionating capacity secured that supports our growth plans through the end of the decade. In addition to the stronger revenue stream, our quarterly results were also enhanced with excellent capital discipline. In the third quarter, our capital spending came in at 9% below the midpoint guidance point. This investment was completely funded within operating cash flow, and we generated free cash flow in excess of our investments of $249 million in the quarter. Combined with the proceeds from minor noncore asset sales that closed during the quarter, our total excess cash inflows exceeded $300 million in Q3. Moving to slide 9, I would now like to provide an update on the initiatives underway at Devon to strategically deploy the excess cash inflows we have generated year to date. I'll begin with our $4 billion share repurchase program, which at current prices, represents about 20% of Devon's outstanding common stock. As of today, we have repurchased approximately 67 million shares at a total cost of $2.7 billion. We now expect to complete our $4 billion share buyback program during the first quarter of 2019. In addition to our share repurchase activity, we are also returning cash to shareholders with growth in our quarterly dividend payment. Earlier this year, we raised our dividend by 33%, and with continued growth in our operating cash flow, owners of Devon can expect both a sustainable and growing dividend over time. And finally, I'd like to highlight the significant progress we made strengthening our investment-grade financial position. Year to date with the retirement of upstream debt, along with the sale of our interest in EnLink, we have reduced Devon's consolidated debt by more than 40% to $6 billion. Additionally, we expect to further reduce our leverage over the next months with the retirement of an incremental $257 million of maturing debt. With strip prices where they are today, we are within our targeted net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1 to 1.5 times and expect this ratio to trend lower as we execute on our multiyear plan. So in summary, we have made significant progress executing the disciplined financial strategy associated with our multiyear business plan. Looking to 2019 and even into the next decade, we will continue to prioritize the return of cash to our shareholders along with evaluating opportunities to further strengthen our investment-grade financial position. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt as time permits. With that, operator, we will take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Subash Chandra with Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah, thank you. Hi. Good morning, everybody. My first question is on an update on the noncore asset sales, so the divested assets you show on your ops report. The timing in proceeds, for instance, I think the Midland EUR was something that was expected near-term. Second, if there have been conversations with BPX Energy in the Eagle Ford. And third, your thoughts on Canada, which you referred to in your prepared statements, but thoughts on valuation of your Canadian assets given the Husky/MEG situation.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, Subash. Let me try to remember all those. But I think, first, on the noncore – this is Dave. On the noncore divestments, you can look at slide 10 of the operations report that gives you more detail on that. But we still have two data rooms open, the CO2 plugs up in the Rockies and then in the Central Basin platform, our production up on the Central Basin arch of the Permian Basin. So those data rooms are both open; you can see the scale of those divestments. We have on the floods in the Midland Basin, we have made a decision to divest the operated portion of that and to retain the non-operated portion at this point based on valuations that we received for those assets. So that process is essentially concluded. But that's the remaining asset. Those two assets are the ones that will reach the $5 billion target. Secondly, in regard to, and maybe Canada, I'm trying remember the third one here, question. In regard to Canada, obviously – I'm sorry. Go ahead, Subash.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: I was just going to tell you that third one was – yes.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Oh, BP. BP, yeah. Let me cover that one first. And we have had some very constructive conversations with BP early on. No firm commitments at this point, but we think it is very likely that we'll be moving to a third rig in the Eagle Ford, and I can tell you that all the conversation we've had so far have been constructive and positive, and we look forward to working with them on that position. So really all good news from that front. On Canada, obviously that was an attractive valuation, I think, that Husky made for MEG. I think you better obviously talk to them on the basis of that valuation and why they made that offer and what made that offer unique for MEG and why they're uniquely interested in the MEG assets, but obviously we think that is a marker that shows the long-term value of the assets that we have up there. So I think it was an interesting number, and it shows the value we have.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right. Well, thank you. And my follow-up is could you just elaborate in the STACK pilots you talked about the flowback strategy in Bernhardt. And if you could elaborate on that and if that particular flowback strategy which seems to have hurt the performance was also used in some of your other pilots.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We're going to have Wade Hutchings who's the Senior Vice President in charge of that area talk about that. Wade?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: So I think at a high level what I would note is the flowback strategy we used on the Showboat program looked very similar to what we'd done on past wells. We concluded that we may have been a little bit too aggressive on it. But we tested on Bernhardt and Horsefly just a bit more measured flowback approach. The early indications from that are, is that it (21:57) oil decline rates, broadly looks positive in terms of an operational (22:05). You'll us continue to optimize that as we move (22:08-22:12).
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Arun Jayaram from JPM. Had a quick question on how you're thinking about light oil growth outside of the Delaware in 2019. I think you had like at a 40% oil growth target for the Delaware, but how are you thinking about the Eagle Ford, STACK and Rockies?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Arun, this is Scott. At a high-level, obviously you hit on it right, the Delaware's going to deliver the most significant growth. Obviously, we highlighted in our operations report as well that the STACK will be a contributor to that growth as well from an oil perspective. It's a bit too early for us to give any sort of firm guide with regard to the Eagle Ford. We're still working with our partner, BP, on that particular budget and that should come out here early next year. And Rockies, you'll see growth in the Rockies as well, especially as we start to ramp up activity level that Dave talked about and Tony have talked about in their portions of the script. So you'll probably see that start kicking in around the midyear timeframe. But with regards to the specific targets beyond what we've put out for the STACK and Delaware, we'll firm up that guidance here in our Q4 call and with what we typically do, which would not only be capital for each asset but also the amount of wells we plan to bring online that supports that growth profile.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: As you say, Arun, the biggest driver of the U.S. oil growth is going to be the Delaware Basin. Now, I do want to make clear that we do have some growth expectations in there for STACK oil in 2019 as we now feel we have understanding much better of what the optimized spacing is, and our oil growth that we have built into our 2019 projection for STACK is based on (24:18) new optimized spacing of four to eight wells per drilling spacing unit.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. Dave, you highlighted a series of initiatives to mitigate some of the margin risk that you have in heavy oil. I was wondering if you could maybe comment on the firm transportation to the Gulf Coast as well as the rail potential. And how do we think about the uplift you can get from both of those initiatives relative to what we see in our screens in terms of WCS pricing?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And I'm going to let our real expert here in the room do that, Arun, as Kevin Lafferty's in charge of our marketing efforts.
Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Arun. This is Kevin. First of all, on the capacity comment that we have going to the Gulf Coast, and we have previously talked about this, but we have about 10% of our blended barrels that we have firm capacity, and it's on the Enbridge system, and when they had the open season several years ago on the Flanagan South piece of that. So we are able to move those barrels all the way down to Houston, and that's been a part of our portfolio here for several years now. On the rail side, what we're trying to do here, really, the big picture is we're taking a portfolio approach. This is no different than how we have used the Delaware or the Mid-Con or any of our assets with every single product. So we use a combination of local sales, sales to other people that have firm, financial hedging, export, et cetera. So we're aggressively trying to find rail solutions. And the complexity of it is that it requires transportation of your barrels to a terminal; you need have tankage to be able to load into the railcars or the unit trains; sales, of course on the other end; and then putting all those pieces together to get this to move. But we see rail being a part of our portfolio for several years to come and really to bridge and derisk any mitigation of Keystone XL or Trans Mountain expansion in the future.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Morris with Citi. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Dave, looking at the STACK here, the Showboat, I know last quarter the IP30s were running only about 15% below your parent well type curve of 1.9 to 2.2 MBOE, although the IP90s this quarter look further below given lot higher decline. But the Coyote IP90s look a lot closer to that parent well type curve. So if you go to four to eight wells per section, what range of degradation versus that parent well type curve would you expect here going forward? And for reference, I know one of your peers here a few quarters ago noted about a 30% degradation in going to four wells per section per zone. So how do you view that, then, going forward in your program?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Bob, this is Wade Hutchings. I'll take that one. First, let me clarify for you that the Coyote area there on the northwest side of the play, really a very unique reservoir. It's actually the lowest Meramec zone. As you've saw quarter over quarter, we've saw really strong well performance out of all the wells we've put in there. We like that area a lot, but our primary focus has been on the core of the play in the volatile oil window, Showboat and South, if you will. And the reservoirs there are actually different targets than what we're seeing at Coyote. So we broadly are seeing EUR and even IP degradation in infill mode. That's clear. We're not ready to give a new type curve today because the wells that we have coming online in the fourth quarter are really critical for us to narrow down what this new four to eight well per section well expectation will be. We of course have an internal model that we're tracking against. The early results we're seeing here in the first part of the fourth quarter are encouraging. They're essentially confirming that our approach at this lighter density spacing is working. I think if I just step back a little more broadly and indicate with Bernhardt and Horsefly, those two projects confirmed a lot of what we already saw at Showboat. And so just to remind you of that again, Upper Meramec performance much stronger than Lower; the impact of parent wells is important, and so being able to space the wells commensurate with where the parents are is critical. And then lastly, we've saw more communication between the upper and lower targets than we expected. So as we move forward with the programs that are going to come online in the fourth quarter and into next year, you'll see us essentially do three key things. What we're doing is focusing most of the wells in the Upper Meramec. As Tony noted, over 75% of the wells in the forward, say six- to nine-month program will be Upper Meramec. The second thing we're doing is we're adjusting the spacing for the parent wells in a way that we're trying to mitigate their impact. And then, lastly, we're driving our stimulations to a much more tailored, limited entry approach that really is fit-for-purpose for every reservoir target we're landing in. We're confident that that's going to give us results that come back closer to that original type curve expectation. And the last key point is, as we've driven the per-well costs lower, we're able to maintain the capital efficiency and rates of return that we expected as we moved into infill mode.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Wade, that's great color. I appreciate that. Second question, just on Canadian production shut-ins; I think currently you're shutting in around 25,000 barrels a day, and I know that's sort of a month-to-month decision here as the price differentials move around. But given that this is SAGD, is 25,000 barrels a day, a quarter of your total production up there sort of the max that you can shut in without really causing issues with how the steaming works up there. Or is there more that you could potentially shut in as you go forward here?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Bob, this is Tony here. I think you've kind of summed it up right as the 25,000 barrel a day curtailment that we have chosen to employ on this month-to-month decision is really predicated on the wells that we have reduced steam to are those that would be more capable of recovering back to original rate the quickest. And so we feel comfortable that we're not incurring operational risk. We think we're going to be able to put oil back into the pipeline within 5 to 10 days at the time we decide to put full steam back to it. So right now, the 25,000 barrel a day range is really about the area that we feel most comfortable with at this point. There is ability to increase that, that carries on an additional risk with that associated with winter-type activities: managing the pressure, managing steam chamber and some other variables of that. So just as you initially stated, the 25,000 barrels a day is a real comfort zone for us.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Dave or Tony, I wonder if I could take you back to the Delaware for a second and talk a little bit about your plans for 2019. Todd looks like it's going to feature fairly prominently, but as I recollect, the Todd area is over-pressured. It's a little deeper. It's potentially got substantially better well type curves than your development program to date. So I wonder if you can speak to how should we think about the rate of change in your incremental well performance as we go into next year. And I'll take my second question as well as a follow-up, if I may.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Great. And Doug, I'm going to have Rick Gideon, Rick, answer that. Rick's our Senior Vice President in charge of the Delaware so he can give you the best detail on that.
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, Doug. This is Rick Gideon. Great question. As we look into next year and if you take a look at slide 11 and 12 in our ops report, you'll see we've also had great results out of the Wolfcamp and our Cotton Draw area in our Lusitano. You can see our Wolfcamp averaged 4,600 BOE a day IP30s in that given area. And as you stated, there will be growth in the Todd area. You can see the second Bone Springs. I think you'll see focus in the Rattlesnake area along with the Thistle area and Cotton Draw also. So we will be spreading out our program to reduce risk as we execute through there. I think you'll see a pretty balanced program, Doug, between – whether it be – and I'm going to talk a little bit in pressure tanks. Whether it be your Leonard, your Bone Springs, or your Wolfcamp, you'll see a pretty good balance as we move through that program. As far as increased productivity, you've seen the step change improvements in 2018. We're going to continue with those improvements and hopefully continue to see that type of growth as we move into the next year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Guys, I don't want to press too much on this, but the guidance you've given for next year, you haven't been explicit about exit to exit, I guess, coming out of the Delaware. And this is my follow-up, actually, but I wonder if you could maybe just touch on what you think that might look like, because given the substantial improvement, Rick, and the productivity, it's a little tricky for us to figure out. Frankly, I think you might end up being a little conservative if these type curves play out the way we think they are. But what I'm really getting at is can you give us some kind of an idea what that exit could look like and whether your flow assurance still covers you on the kind of rates you could leave, you can exit 2019 with at that point?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, this is Scott. Obviously we'll firm up some of those targets as we head into our Q4 reporting for you. What I can tell you, obviously, is that directionally from just the cadence of the growth throughout 2019 you can expect a pretty steady ramp-up throughout the year. Won't give you necessarily any proportions there, but it's a pretty consistent stairstep each quarter as you go through 2019, a very healthy profile. But with regards to any sort of specific targets beyond what we've provided today, we're still in the process of refining well selection and activity plans and we'll provide a more holistic update here on our Q4 call.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Scott, can you touch on the flow assurance issue at the exit of 2019?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: I'm sorry, Doug, you cut out there.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry, could you touch on the flow assurance at the exit rate coming out to 2019? I'm guessing you're – go on. Sorry.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, yeah. Kevin can talk about it, but I mean the bottom line is here that we have everything in place to execute the program. But Kevin can talk to you a little bit more about the gas takeaway and processing, et cetera.
Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp.: Dave's absolutely right. On slide 13 in the upper right, this is where we lay out a lot of the things that we've done we talked about previously, especially on oil. And so we feel really good about that with all the incremental pipes coming online from Cactus to you name it over the next couple of years. On the NGL side, we also feel very comfortable even with the EPIC conversion, we think there's plenty of NGL capacity, and we have access, not just getting out of the basin but also to Mont Belvieu, as Jeff had previously described. And on the gas side, even though we don't have firm, we still feel confident and comfortable that we have local sales and sales into the Western Coast going to the SoCal type of markets with people that have firm, and they're actively allowing us and telling us that they have room for growth for our 2019 plans. So we feel good about every single product, and we'll be able to get it out and get values as best we can throughout 2019 and beyond.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And of course, beyond that, we have one of the most extensive water handling infrastructures in southeast New Mexico. And the permits are in place, essentially.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my questions, guys. I appreciate the answers. Thanks.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One. Please go ahead.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thank you. Just to follow up on Subash's question on Canada, you guys have highlighted over the past years that Canada may be an asset that could make sense to eventually monetize while also recognizing the challenge of getting maximum value. I assume that's still the case in the very near term just given the price environment, but as we look out to a time of improved pipeline and rail takeaway and more normalized pricing, has the appetite grown at the board level to get more aggressive in pursuing a potential sale?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I can tell you, we have an active discussion about Canada and every other asset in our portfolio at the board level on an ongoing basis. And the one thing that – we'll say there's some positive attributes to the Canadian position. We obviously have one of the premier positions in the SAGD and our Canadian team has done an outstanding job operating that asset through the years. And it certainly is the type of asset that in a normalized differential environment can provide the type of free cash flow each year that would be very helpful in a portfolio to offset the higher-decline, unconventional business. Now we obviously recognize that we are not in that environment right now with the high differentials that we are. And that's certainly – we have an active discussion on this asset relative to that. We understand, but it is a reality right now that it is one of the more challenged times to even think about monetizing that asset because of the very large differentials that we're currently encountering. So it is a discussion. I think there's been – if you look at the company historically, we've done about $30 billion worth of transactions over the last 10 years. So I don't think there's a lack of willingness in general to do what we consider is in the right interest of the company. It's just a matter of what truly is the right interest of the company given what the asset position is, what the market for the assets are, et cetera, and just making sure we're make the right decision.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, yeah, it's clearly an asset that, as you mentioned, generates a ton of free cash flow in a more normalized price environment, and it is low decline. So you obviously can't comment on valuation levels, but in a theoretical sales scenario, would the multiple need to be higher than where your stock is currently trading? Or would you be willing to sacrifice some level of EBITDA dilution just in order to sort of streamline the portfolio to an asset base that has a naturally higher inherent growth rate?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Hey, Phillips. This is Jeff. Yeah, of course we think of all those things, as Dave talked about, as we evaluate these assets for potential monetization and acceleration of the value proposition. Clearly to the extent that we can, we look to monetize assets at multiples that are above our current valuation, but as you know, there's a lot of complexities and factors that we think through and discuss with our Board, especially on an asset like that, how strategic that is to our broader portfolio.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. And also maybe from a theoretical perspective, if it were to eventually be sold, would you be willing to take a mix of stock and cash or would you look for an all-cash deal?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I think that gets into the details of the transaction, but obviously we're, longer term, interested in returning value to our shareholders. And so we have to think about, if we took stock, how could we turn that into value for our shareholders.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Thank you. Good morning. Philosophically, when you look into 2019, how do you consider your willingness to raise CapEx in the event oil prices are higher or lower CapEx in the event oil prices are lower? Is that $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion kind of fixed above which if cash flow surprises to the upside, that all goes to shareholders? And how do you think about the downside case?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We fundamentally believe that a consistent capital program are one of the keys to driving high returns on our capital program. So we do not foresee significant changes to the capital program, either higher or lower, unless we have the tremendous surprise, certainly more on the lower side than the higher side. And of course the one thing that we're monitoring very closely in regard to that is Canadian differentials and then what impact that may have on the cash flow for the company. But I do not anticipate us raising our capital program if prices are significantly higher. As we said in the prepared remarks, we think it's more important to have a consistent program. We'll deliver the highest return and cash flow above that would be directed towards return to the shareholders either through share repurchases, most likely through share repurchases and then through time through an increasing dividend.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up, on the Delaware Basin, one of the things you highlighted was the drop in unit LOE costs. Can you talk about the trajectory there? And where you see the opportunity for that to go in 2019 or beyond?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Absolutely. This is Rick Gideon again. We talked about the 10% to 15% decrease. What I hope you remember is over the last few years, we've provided and put in place the infrastructure from an electrical standpoint, from a water handling standpoint, and then from a takeaway standpoint, just as Kevin had talked about earlier. But I can tell you over the next quarters, you'll continue to see a step rate change quarter on quarter, and as we move into 2020, the same, just due to volume increases and the infrastructure being in place.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: And hey, Brian, this is Scott. Just to provide a few figures to that, with regards to our LOE in the Delaware, we've been running anywhere from $7.00 to $8.00 probably, $7.50 to $8.00 this year, and so certainly we'll take a step change down next year. And as Tony talked about in his remarks, it could be upwards of 10% to 15% lower when you look to 2019. So certainly margins will continue to expand in that high-quality play.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks. Maybe a follow-up on usage of this cash from earlier. It would appear that, at least on our numbers, the decision not to redeploy some of the cost savings from reduced STACK activity into 2019 is consistent with your commitment to sustainably grow cash distribution to shareholders. With the expected completion of the $4 billion buyback program in 1Q 2019, how should we think about the potential to maintain that active buyback program going forward versus balance with a dividend as a method of returning cash to shareholders?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, this is Jeff. No, as Dave said in his opening comments, that's absolutely our expectation. As we generate additional free cash flow in 2019 and beyond, number one, we're always going to make sure the balance sheet is in a spot that we feel comfortable about. We're good there. We feel really good about the targets that we've hit from a financial position. Our next look is obviously to talk about the dividend growth with our board, which we do each year. And then beyond that, it's more share repurchase, so we'll look again to go back to our board for additional authorization beyond the $4 billion we've already done to utilize that cash for return to shareholders.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe one follow-up on the STACK. I know you said you're not ready to update the type curve at this point, but you have given us a 2019 kind of budget and production profile for the STACK. Can you maybe give us a rough idea of what you're assuming in terms of well productivity and well cost versus recent results for next year's plan? And maybe how your confidence and how conservative you feel that number is and maybe does it assume a similar oil cut versus the current STACK production?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Ryan, this is Wade. I think a couple of pieces of context for you. The first order of control on our performance here is getting the well spacing right. And so all the tests we've been doing, all work we've been monitoring from industry results have been geared around getting that right. And you're now seeing us narrow in on what really is reverting back to our base case well spacing of four to eight wells per section. That's the most important thing for us to get right. We're now quite confident that we've got that band identified. In terms of expectations for next year, certainly baked into all the guidance you've saw come out is a revised view of what that lower density well spacing will yield. We're not going to reveal any new details of the type curve yet. That'll come early next year as we get these fourth quarter wells under our belt. I would say broadly, though, we are expecting strong performance out of these future programs, certainly stronger than what you've saw so far out of our higher density well programs. And so that's what we're going to be tracking internally on both IP, EUR and even oil cut. But I think the key is we're confident based on wells that we already have in the ground and producing that when you space these properly, when you offset them from the parent wells and you stimulate them in a targeted way, that we'll get strong results. I think from a capital side, that was part of your question as well, you'd certainly look to the results that we've delivered on Bernhardt and Horsefly as good guides for the ballpark we're aiming for next year in our infill Meramec programs.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray: (48:14)
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Without going through a lot of detail, of course as we sit here today, we're nearly halfway through the fourth quarter, and so you can imagine we've brought online nearly half of the wells we planned to in the fourth quarter, and so there is some basis in fact based on the production data that we've seen to date with the wells that we brought on based on these four to eight wells. It's still early production data, but based on that data that we're very confident that we're delivering what we're talking about.
Ryan Todd - Simmons & Company International, Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray: Thanks. I appreciate the additional color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dave, to you and your whole team there. I wanted to just chew on this STACK spacing test thing a little bit more. And you guys have given a lot of detail, but I just want to see if I could add a little bit more to it. You guys talk about going to four to eight wells per DSU. And it also sounds like you are going to be – most of those are going to be Upper Meramec, but they're not all exclusively Upper Meramec. So can you talk about how many different landing zones you're going to be looking at when you go from four to eight wells? And is it the case that, when you're talking four wells, it's one landing zone and when you're talking eight, it's two?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, and I'm sure Wade will cover this, but I'll help him out a little bit here to start too. So remember the geology changes as you move across the STACK, too. So what is the optimum zone to drill and complete in as you move across the Meramec isn't necessarily the same across the entire play. So that's part of the answer to it. And Wade, you can go from there.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, thank you, Dave. That's absolutely true. I think to limit the complexity of my answer I'll just focus on the core volatile oil sweet spot of the play. There still are literally three or four landing zones that we evaluate for every one of those DSUs. One of the key things, though, that we've learned from our early infill pilots is that those zones are communicating, certainly upon fracture stimulation, and it also appears communicating on a pressure basis during production. So now, we really are looking at that Meramec interval as one reservoir compartment, and that's really influencing how we are moving forward to develop it. Now specifically, you've already heard us note that the Upper Meramec has generally had much better well performance than the Lower, particularly as we've moved into infill mode. And so we will bias over three-quarters of the wells to the Upper. But where we see a viable Lower Meramec target, we will, on a case-by-case basis, put one or two wells in that in a DSU. And so, yes, you're generally correct. Getting up near the high end of that four to eight-well spacing likely means that we would spread the wells across two zones. The lower end of that spacing is much more likely to be focused just on the Upper Meramec.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: It's based on the reservoir is the answer, which obviously, you don't have all the data to see why we make those calls. But that's the bottom line is what reservoirs are developed where.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Right, Dave.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, and I think the last thing I would add to that, Charles, is we are also customizing the simulation approach on a well-by-well basis, depending on if it's an Upper Meramec or a Lower Meramec well, depending on what the parent well conditions are in that particular interval. And so we're literally taking every bit of data that we've collected over the last several years and optimizing stimulations on well-by-well basis.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it, got it. And, Dave, I was going to say, you've talked about this before in previous quarters, particularly with those Coyote wells up to the northwest, that those are not as tightly spaced because of the reservoir properties. But my follow-up to that would be, and this may be a stretch, but how much of what you have learned in your development experience here in the STACK, how much of that is applicable to what you guys are doing in the Delaware Basin? And is it changing your appetite on your development plans in any way as we look at that basin?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I'll let Tony talk to about this in greater detail. But this is, philosophically speaking, and this is going to vary from area to area, the parent-child issues that we're talking about here in the STACK play are not unique to the STACK. They are going to be present, and they have been seen in every unconventional play to one degree or another. And what has happened here is we've reached a – from an aerial extent, it's not as large as some of the other plays. And so you've been seeing historically a lot more parent well results from, for instance, in the Permian Basin, and you haven't reached the degree of maturity in these other basins that you have in the STACK. And so we are – now it also depends, and the degree to which it applies depends on the reservoir properties. So it's not equally applicable in every play. But the basic phenomenon is certainly there and is something that we are transferring these learnings immediately to all of other plays. Tony, you have a lot more detail than I do on that. But I think it's a very relevant question, not only for Devon, but for the entire industry.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles. I think you've followed us for a long time so you're aware that we participate in multiple unconventional resource plays and we've been through this same exercise in every single play that we've been in. So we've been transferring learnings from probably the plus 5000 lateral wells that we've drilled across our library of information and we knew this question was coming at us in the STACK play and the positive work that we have done is we've uncovered and feel like we now understand the optimum development scenario inside of really, inside of a calendar year for the most part. And so we reacted quite quickly there in comparison to other resource plays that industry has participated in. You saw a much more prolonged, painful experience in plays like the Eagle Ford. So we're responding quite quickly. The positive things about the Delaware, as Rick mentioned earlier, that there's three different pressure tanks that the guys have identified. And the column of resource there is quite thick, and the aerial extent for our plays is more spread out than what we have in STACK. And so we felt like the risk associated with learnings in the Delaware is less and it's going to come over time, but the guys have done a really good job and they're quite aware of the learnings that the STACK team has had. And so we've talked in the past, Charles, about being a very data-driven organization and we feel like is an area that we're able to capitalize on that pretty quickly.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thank you for the added detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Grigel with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. I was hoping you guys could touch on Powder River Basin takeaway as you build into a 2019 program both on gas and oil and then also in the Mid-Con and in the STACK on any gas takeaway visibility that you have on potential constraints or how you've dealt with those issues going forward.
Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, Paul. This is Kevin. First of all, in the Rockies, we feel really good just similarly to our other assets that we have ample takeaway and in fact, want to highlight on the Rockies page on our ops report that we have contracted our oil price even though recently it's blown out similar to the Bakken, we have contracted at really good numbers and protected our price there through our contract. So we feel good about gas, gas processing, takeaway, NGLs, the entire product mix up in the Rockies. Moving to the Mid-Con, we do have a lot of gas in Oklahoma, and that is something that we have operated here for a long period of time, and we know all the markets and the players and the Midship Pipeline with Cheniere that comes online here in 2019 will provide a lot of relief. So we are working the markets aggressively to make sure that we use our firm sales and every other avenue to clear the Mid-Con. Moving over to oil in the Mid-Con, we have access to the Gulf Coast via our Marketlink transportation capacity, and we have ample access and availability for NGLs as well. So again, all of our areas we feel very comfortable and convicted that we have plenty of room for takeaway and pricing for every single product in every basin.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. No. Thank you. And then I guess a higher level one. Could you give detail what the price deck is for your initial 2019 budget? And then as you think not only into the full 2019 budget but into the full kind of 2020 plan and beyond, is that a fixed price that you use going forward or is that willing to kind of float with the market as it may dictate?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, when we looked at our – about a year ago, we talked about a capital program based on a $50 oil and $3 natural gas price and that we wanted to have a steady program based on that. So when you look at – and built into that though was the fact that we were going to be building our cash flow as we continue to grow our light oil, high margin production. Even in that flat $50 oil, $3 price deck, we had a little bit higher capital in 2019 than we had 2018, higher in 2020 than 2019, et cetera. And that's where we are today. So when we look at it, we have really – the 2019 program that we have laid out really is consistent with what we thought we were going to do in 2019 a year ago. And that again goes along with our philosophy that we think that we produce the highest returns when we have consistent plans relative to capital. Now, what the actual cash flow is for the company obviously is subject to current pricing, differentials, et cetera. But when you look at how we think about capital, it has not changed.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: No. Great. Thank you.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: I show we're at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon, and if we didn't get to your question today, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: [0FH2DB-E Scott Coody] David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp. Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp. Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp. Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's second quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
[0FH2DB-E Scott Coody]: Thank you and good morning. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance, and detailed operations report. Additionally, for the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. These slides are available on our website, and we will make sure to refer to the slide number during our prepared remarks so that everyone can follow along. On today's call, I will cover a few preliminary items and then I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager. Dave will provide his thoughts on the strategic direction of Devon, which we have branded as our 2020 Vision, and commentary on the next steps associated with this multiyear business plan. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, will cover a few key highlights and operating themes that are central to delivering our multiyear development plans. And then we will wrap up our prepared remarks with a review of our financial strategy by Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer. Overall, this commentary should last around 15 minutes before heading into Q&A. I would also like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. The second quarter was another strong one for Devon. We are executing at a very high level on the strategic objectives underpinning our three-year business plan, otherwise known as our 2020 Vision. For today's call, my comments will be centered on the significant progress we have made year to date toward our 2020 Vision, and I will also touch on a few of the critical next steps associated with this differentiating multiyear plan. Turning to slide 2, the next item I'd like to cover today is the outstanding performance of our U.S. resource plays, which has consistently delivered light oil production results above our base plan year to date. This outperformance has been driven by the record-setting well productivity we have achieved across our franchise assets in the Delaware Basin and STACK. During the second quarter, the momentum from high-rate wells drove U.S. light oil production 12% higher than the previous quarter, exceeding guidance by a wide margin. With the strong well productivity we achieved through the first half of the year, light oil production is on track to advance 16% in 2018. This represents a growth rate that is 200 basis points above our original budget expectations heading into the year. Overall, we're off to a great start in exceeding the light oil objectives associated with our 2020 Vision. Importantly, we are delivering this incremental production growth within the confines of our original capital budget guidance range. With our go-forward capital plans, I also believe it is worth highlighting that even with the recent rise in oil prices, we have no plans to add incremental activity in 2018. While we have a very deep inventory of highly attractive growth opportunities within our portfolio, we fundamentally believe that a more measured investment program through all cycles is the correct strategy to manage costs, efficiently expand our business, and the appropriate pathway to deliver attractive corporate-level returns for shareholders. The next key message I want to convey is that Devon's cash flow generation is trending ahead of our budgeted expectations. In fact, with current strip prices, we expect to increase our upstream cash flow by more than 50% by year end compared to where we started the year. Furthermore, after expected capital requirements, we are in position to generate free cash flow in the second half of the year. While the advancement of our U.S. oil volumes is certainly a key contributor to this cash flow growth, our operating teams have also done a great job maximizing the value of every barrel we produce. Some of the best work we have done is on the pricing front, where our marketing teams have provided both flow assurance and access to premium pricing on the Gulf Coast for the majority of our U.S. oil production. Tony will discuss this topic in greater detail later in the call. But after including the benefits of firm transportation and attractive regional basis swaps, our light oil realizations year to date are essentially in line with WTI benchmark pricing. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to maintain this strong pricing in the second half of the year, which is very much in contrast to the weak regional pricing and takeaway constraints that have become a serious issue for many operators. In addition to strong price realizations, another key factor further supplementing our cash flow growth is the aggressive improvements we are taking to our cost structure. With the actions we have taken year to date, we are now on pace to reduce G&A and interest costs by approximately $475 million on an annualized basis. These substantial savings combined with improved operating costs across our U.S. resource plays will continue to put downward pressure on our per-unit cost through the end of the decade. With our Delaware Basin and STACK assets rapidly building momentum and operating scale, another critical component of our 2020 Vision is to further high-grade our resource-rich portfolio. During the quarter, we took a significant step forward with this strategic objective by selling our interest in EnLink Midstream for $3.125 billion. This highly accretive transaction provides a complete exit from our investment in EnLink at a value of 12 times cash flow, a substantial premium to Devon's current trading multiple. With the closing of the EnLink transaction, which occurred in mid-July, combined with other minor asset sales achieved to date, Devon's total proceeds from our divestiture program have now reached $4.2 billion. The next step in this program is to monetize an additional $1 billion of minor non-core assets across the United States by around year end, which would boost the proceeds from our divestiture program to more than $5 billion. Consistent with the framework of our disciplined multiyear plan, we are returning these divestiture proceeds to our shareholders in the form of a share repurchase program. In June, our board authorized an increase in our share repurchase program to an industry-leading $4 billion. While Jeff will provide more details on the progress of our share repurchase program later in the call, I will say that our buyback efforts have reached approximately $1 billion through the end of July. And given the value we see in our equity, we plan to accelerate the cadence of our share repurchase activity through the rest of the year. So to summarize, I could not be more pleased with the execution we have delivered to date on our 2020 Vision. Our light oil production is running ahead of plan. Our margin and cash flow are rapidly expanding. We expect to exceed our $5 billion asset sale target by around year end, and we are returning industry-leading amounts of cash to our shareholders. Briefly flipping to slide 3, while I will not cover all the details on the slide, I do want to be clear. We are not content with the substantial progress we have made to date. The management team at Devon is laser-focused on optimizing returns and ensuring capital efficiency for our shareholders. We will continue to attack costs and transition our product mix towards higher-margin barrels. We will be disciplined with our capital allocation and generate significant free cash flow. We will continue to evaluate strategic opportunities to high-grade the portfolio, and we will continue to prioritize returning increasing amounts of cash to our shareholders. And lastly, before turning the call over to Tony, I do want to touch on a topic we've got a lot of questions on recently, and that is our thoughts on BHP's announced sale of its Eagle Ford position. Overall, it is good to see a quality operator like BP acquire this position. We have had extensive experience working with BP in the past, both as partners in projects and on multiple asset sales as well. Since the announcement, we have not had any in-depth conversations with BP, so it's still a bit too premature to provide any commentary regarding the strategic direction of the assets at this point in time. However, for the near term, we do not expect any meaningful change in the activity levels that underpin our guidance for the second half of 2018. From a portfolio perspective, we do like our Eagle Ford position. DeWitt County is the economic heart of the play, and we have a multiyear drilling inventory that can generate outstanding returns, a stable production profile, and significant free cash flow for Devon. We look forward to discussing the future of the asset with our new partner, BP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tony for additional commentary on our operations.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Dave. I'd like to begin by covering a few noteworthy operating highlights for the quarter. A great place to start is on slide 4, with our Delaware and STACK assets. These delivered 54% and 41% oil growth respectively year over year. This prolific growth was a driving force behind our U.S. oil production beat in the second quarter. The strong performance in the quarter was driven by another batch of prolific well results across the U.S. While the massive Boundary Raider wells filled the headlines last quarter, our Cotton Draw program topped the Delaware Basin highlight list in Q2 with a four-well package that achieved a combined 30-day IP rate of 14,000 BOEs per day. We also had several other prolific wells in the Delaware, with our top 10 wells for the quarter averaging 30-day rates greater than 3,000 BOEs per day. Our other franchise asset, the STACK, also delivered strong operating results in the quarter. Top wells in the play continued to routinely deliver initial production rates in excess of 2,000 BOEs per day, and the efficiencies associated with the Showboat and other initial infill projects are compressing cycle times and driving first production well ahead of planned. And while we are still in the early days of evaluating the performance of our Showboat infill project in the STACK, we have attained peak project rates. The average well at Showboat, normalized for 10,000-foot laterals, attained 30-day rates of approximately 1,800 BOEs per day. With this upside spacing test, from spud to initial flow rates, this project has largely exceeded expectations. However, based on early observations, it appears this development concept is not optimized for rate of return, and is likely spaced too densely. With our initial three infill projects, Showboat, Horsefly, and Bernhardt, we are testing 12, 10, and 8 wells per drilling unit. We intend to rapidly deploy the learnings from these initial spacing projects and our extensive library of information to optimize future STACK development plans. When I say optimize, I mean striking an appropriate balance between the rates of return and the net present value with our future activity, with a heavy preference towards enhancing project rate of returns. Next, I do want to make clear that the strong well productivity achieved during the quarter was complemented by expanding margins through both strong price realizations and improvements in our per-unit operating cost structure. Additionally, we were able to effectively control our capital spending, which declined nearly 10% from the previous quarter. In Canada, I want to commend the teams on our successful and safe turnaround work at Jackfish 1. While the turnaround efforts identified additional maintenance work requirements that delayed the facility ramp-up into the third quarter, this work will improve future operating efficiencies and allow our production to increase as the second half of the year progresses. All in all, our operations have delivered great results year to date, and we are well positioned to execute on the multiyear operating plans associated with our 2020 Vision. On slide 5, a key component of this strong execution that should not be overlooked is the operational planning and supply chain efforts to ensure the certainty of services and supplies necessary to deliver on our capital plans. First, I want to highlight that these efforts have largely mitigated industry inflation in 2018 and have allowed us to execute on our capital plans within the confines of our original capital guidance provided late last year. Furthermore, with the aggressive steps we have taken to decouple historically bundled services combined with our team's utilizing a much more diversified vendor universe, our strategy to achieve the best value for our LOE and capital dollars is working quite well. In fact, the vast majority of our services and supply requirements have been locked in through 2019. We are confident in our ability to keep rising industry costs in check at well below market rates through the end of the decade. This value-oriented approach is only available due to our detailed field development plans for each of our asset areas. Moving to slide 6, another area where we have done a lot of good work is in our marketing and flow assurance strategy, which provides the majority of our U.S. production direct access to premium Gulf Coast markets. Specifically in the Delaware Basin, we have been able to price-protect 90% oil volumes through firm transportation and attractive regional basis swaps. From a flow assurance perspective for our in-basin sales, we have contractual guarantees to flow 100,000 barrels per day through our legacy firm sales agreements that extend well into the next decade. All in all, these physical and financial swaps in the Delaware will allow us to maintain price realizations near that of WTI pricing. We are also well positioned in the STACK play. Through firm transportation on the Marketlink pipeline, approximately 75% of our oil volumes have direct access to premium Gulf Coast pricing. Also, we have firm transport agreements covering the vast majority of our gas production in the STACK. Coupled with basis swaps, we have effectively protected the price on the majority of our gas volumes. The last area I will touch on is our attractive WCS hedges in Canada. In 2018, we have roughly half our production hedged at $15 off of WTI. So in summary, with this good upfront planning work from our operations, supply chain, and marketing personnel, we are well positioned to maximize the value of our production in a tight market. With that, I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Tony. For my prepared remarks, I will provide an update on the shareholder return initiatives underway at Devon and discuss the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy aligned with our 2020 Vision. Moving to slide 7, I'd first like to cover how the sale of EnLink impacts Devon's financial statements. With our second quarter reporting, the financial results associated with EnLink will be reclassified as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. Subsequent to the closing of this transaction, which occurred in mid-July, EnLink's financial results will no longer be consolidated with Devon's upstream business. To further assist investors with this transition, we have provided pro forma financials in a recent Form 8-K filing to better highlight the historical performance of our go-forward upstream business. As Dave mentioned earlier, we're returning the sales proceeds from the EnLink transaction to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. In June, our Board of Directors authorized a 300% increase in our share repurchase program to $4 billion. At current pricing, this represents over 15% of our share count and is the largest share repurchase authorization of any E&P company in the industry based on a percentage of market capitalization. As of today, we have repurchased nearly 5% of our outstanding shares at an average price of $41 per share, bringing the total cost of our program to approximately $1 billion. For the remaining $3 billion of our authorization, we plan to utilize a series of accelerated stock repurchase programs, otherwise known as an ASR. We expect our initial ASR to commence in early August once the blackout period related to our Q2 earnings release expires at the end of this week. The ASR programs will allow us to repurchase large amounts of our outstanding shares on an expedited basis. In fact, we expect to fully complete our $4 billion share repurchase program during the first half of 2019, well ahead of our board's authorization that extends through the end of the year. Detailed forward-looking guidance on share count is provided in our press release issued last night. Looking beyond our current $4 billion share repurchase program, we continue to evaluate opportunities to further increase cash returns to our shareholders. With our disciplined multiyear plan, we expect to generate substantial amounts of excess cash at today's commodity prices via our core operations and planned divestiture activity. We'll utilize excess cash to manage to our stated debt targets and expect to approach our board regarding an increase to our share repurchase program. Lastly, regarding our debt position, we have now successfully reduced our consolidated gross debt to just over $6 billion with the sale of EnLink. This represents a decline in our debt of approximately 40% year to date. And at today's commodity prices, we are within our targeted net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1 to 1.5 times. With strip prices where they are today, we'd expect this ratio to trend toward the low end of this targeted range over time, further strengthening our investment-grade financial position. With that, I will turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
[0FH2DB-E Scott Coody]: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt as time permits. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. . Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Dave, with your share price reaction today, I hope you're going to get busy with the share buybacks. I have two quick asset-related questions, if I may, probably both for Tony. Tony, first of all on Showboat, the work we've done in the past, my understanding was that the Lower Meramec extends out in that northeastern portion of your acreage where the Showboat test has been. I'm just curious if you could give us some color as to how many of the wells that you drilled there were in that Lower Meramec area. Did that influence the average production rate? And what's the read-through as you move into the thicker part of the section with Horsefly and Bernhardt?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks for the question, Doug. In our Showboat project, we had – about half the wells landed in the Upper Meramec, half in the Lower Meramec. We saw a little bit of an increased performance from the Upper Meramec. And I'm going to turn it over to Wade. And, Wade, if you can give Doug a bit of a description on the subsurface of where Horsefly and Bernhardt would go, that would be great.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, will do, Tony. Doug, again, half the wells were in the lower, half in the upper. We actually saw about a 25% performance difference between those in that the upper was much more prolific. You're correct, as you move south and west of Showboat into the core of the play, we see the Lower Meramec targets have even higher productivity. And so as we develop both Horsefly and Bernhardt and other projects like those, we have increased confidence that those zones will work in an infill development scenario. And so although they didn't work as well as we thought they would at Showboat, we still feel like they have great potential across other parts of the play.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Wade, did you get the cost benefits that you were expecting?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Yes, we broadly have. I think that's the most successful part of Showboat is on a pace and cost perspective, we met or exceeded our expectations. We were 40 days ahead of plan on Showboat. We saw cost reductions relative to our parent wells. We're even seeing more cost performance on the Bernhardt and Horsefly. Those two projects, which are both all 10,000-foot wells, are projected and they're pretty much done at this point to come in between $7.5 million and $7.1 million per well. So we're pretty encouraged about the cost efficiencies we're seeing.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. My second asset-related question, Tony, again, it might be for you, but the Delaware, obviously you have been still drilling random one-off couple of pairs wells all over the place toward Rattlesnake and so on. But it looks to us that as you prepare the program going into 2019, the cadence of the completions is obviously an issue, it looks like, as you move into development mode. But I'm curious if you can just walk us through what role the Delaware plays in the dip in your production in the third quarter and how that might ramp as we go into 2019, particularly given how prolific those wells are. Asked differently, it looks like your 2019 program is going to be some pretty strong wells versus the type curve that you based your 2020 plan on. I'll leave it there, thanks.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, I'm going to start off here. Then I'm going to ask Rick to fill in a little bit of details there. But I think we really haven't been drilling a lot of couple-well random wells in the Delaware. We have been appraising a little bit, and you heard us announce the Boundary Raider wells last quarter, which were quite prolific. But for the most part, probably 70% of our activity in the Delaware is really associated with these multi-zone projects that are going quite well. And so we're reaping a lot of the cost and schedule benefits that Wade just described in the Showboat project. They're also happening in our larger multi-zone projects in the Delaware. And so while these projects can be a little bit lumpy, we've sized them to have fairly contiguous – or continuous growth on both oil and cash flow. We're pleased with what we're seeing right now. We're starting to move some of our work in the Delaware from the traditional Second Bone Spring type activity that we've had to the Wolfcamp. And this is really an effort to optimize, again, the developments of the Wolfcamp horizon there. But you're right. You're going to start seeing – we saw a little bit of, I say, a slowdown in pace of IDs in Q3. That's what caused a little bit of the softness in our forecast in the Delaware. That really picks up at the end of the third quarter. And into the fourth quarter, we'll have a dramatic increase in ID count going forward. But with that, Doug, I'm going to let Rick describe just some of the work that we're doing.
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Great question, Doug, and this is Rick Gideon. Very much in line with what Tony just said, I'll tell you right now when you look at our ops report, we talk about our Seawolf and Lusitano, Medusa, Fighting Okra, Snapping, and a North Thistle program. So you're seeing that progression into these programs of many different sizes. And what I'll tell you that's based on is the great technical work provided by these teams. It's the understanding of the dependent and independent flow units, whether that be in the Leonard, Bone Spring, or Wolfcamp. So what I think what you'll see are some different sized programs going forward here that we are seeing outstanding results from the multiple horizons, from the multiple flow units in our spacing, not just horizontally by vertically. You've seen some great well results in the Second Bone that tie directly to better technical understanding, better planning, and quite honestly flawless execution as we move through this. With that, we're able to utilize different flowback techniques, and I think you're starting to see the results of just great teamwork, great planning, great execution, and very good technical understanding.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, guys. I appreciate the full answer. But just to be clear, the Boundary Raider wells, if that's the type of well that constitutes the program in 2019, that's substantially better than the type curve that's set in your current program. Is that correct?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: The Boundary Raider wells are special wells, Doug, and we've got some offsets to drill to the Boundary Raider, which are going to be a really good development, and we're going to be kicking that area off later this year. But as you look at our current operations report, we just reported some really good wells in the Cotton Draw area and the Second Bone Spring. Those are also really good wells. So I'd say in general, our performance from our wells is better than it has been in the past. The subsurface understanding from the technical teams is just outstanding. So this commitment to the data acquisition and being data driven has really paid off for us.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: In general, I think, Doug, the comment is absolutely the Delaware is running ahead of plan.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's the answer I was looking for. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Hey, a follow-up question on Showboat. You did obviously mention there were some I guess a bit stronger declines. Was that related to the parent well being obviously three years old in the area, or was it more the Lower Meramec? And if you could, also comment on what you saw with the Woodford well.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, Scott. This is Wade Hutchings again. I think there are three big preliminary insights we've taken from Showboat. The first is the difference in performance between Upper and Lower Meramec, which we just discussed. The second really relates to your question, and that is a very clear trend that any of the wells in either the upper or the lower that were drilled in the parent well's shadow, those underperformed relative to any of the wells that were in more of what we'd call the greenfield parts of those sections. And underperformance would be reflected at both an IP and even at a decline level. The third key thing we observed is we're seeing some initial indications that there's more vertical connectivity between these reservoir landing zones than we may have saw in other parts of the play. And so those are really our key preliminary observations so far from Showboat.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Scott, this is Dave. I might add that I think at this point, though, you have to be extremely cautious about extrapolating any results that we have from Showboat to the remainder of the STACK play. It is very early on. We are taking the learnings there and we're adjusting our go-forward development plans in terms of spacing. The ones beyond Bernhardt and Horsefly we're adjusting the spacing, as we think that's the right thing to do in the short term. But it's not clear that that's the only answer that's going on here too. And so I would certainly be extremely careful that we have had some challenges here at Showboat. We knew we were testing the upper limits of the spacing. That's proved to be true, but we're learning a lot from that. And I think that there's a lot more to learn, and we'll learn a lot more as we proceed through the next several development projects here. But to take the results from Showboat and extrapolate a general learning across the entire play, I think it's very premature to do that.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, understood there. And on the Woodford, did you have a commentary, any comments on the Woodford well?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: So that Woodford well would be one of the furthest north Woodford oil window wells, and right now it's still in a phase where it's still in flowback. So we don't really have a lot of hard conclusions to make on the Woodford prospectivity extent at this point.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, understood. And then in the PRB, it looks like you guys are looking to expand your program next year to maybe four rigs. Can you discuss what you're seeing there and what we should be looking forward to?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Scott, I think again, the work that we're doing, primarily in the Turner, is really providing a lot of good insight. We've done some spacing tests there. We're very pleased with what we're seeing. Every well that we bring on is really some of the higher rate of return wells that we have. So we're starting to define what the development plan will look like. We're also having some positive results in the Niobrara. We haven't commented on that specifically yet, but both of those parts of our program are developing very well. And so I think what we're trying to infer is later this year we'll not only pick up the second rig, pick up the third rig, and then in 2019 expect to be in full development mode there with increased activity beyond that. So everything that we're seeing in the Powder is developing just to plan.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, so it's definitely in the Turner and both in the Niobrara what you're seeing results that could be – you could be active on next year?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Primarily. And not to shortchange some of the work that we typically do in the Parkman and the Teapot, those always deliver good results. But really, as we've commented in the past, the Turner is more of a resource opportunity for us, and that's what is being uncovered right now. So that will really drive a lot of the pace of activity in the Powder.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I had a question on your comments trying to unpack this notion of strategic high-grading. If we look two to three years into the future, what assets are you highly certain stay in the portfolio, and what assets do you think could find a home for someone else? And then I have a follow-up.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, Bob. First off, we believe very much in the multi-basin approach, and I think you're really seeing the benefits of that approach right now as we speak. We're having outstanding results in the Delaware Basin. Tony just described some very promising results that we're seeing in the Powder. Overall, we have a strong inventory in the STACK. We have admittedly had a little bit of disappointment here, not tremendous, but there's a little bit of short-term with Showboat with one development in the STACK, but with 90% of our development still in front of us we're adjusting quickly, and we still have some strong, really strong return opportunities in the Eagle Ford as well. So we believe that this multi-basin approach that allows us to shift capital between several high-return basins is the absolute right approach, and it really optimizes returns versus being overly dependent on one specific play. But we look at a lot of different things when we look at what may or may not remain in the inventory. We look at what is our overall depth of our development inventory, what's the intrinsic value of the asset that we may be looking to monetize, and what is its production and cash flow contributions. We look at what are the prevailing market conditions out there. And obviously, we have teams that are very engaged and understand the market from both a buy and a sell standpoint extremely well. And when we identify an opportunity to pull the trigger, we're not afraid to do so. If you look at our history here, we've had about $30 billion worth of transactions over the past decade. I'm not going to telegraph today specifically what may or may not, but those are the key issues that we look at here. We think we have a very strong inventory where we are, and we'll continue to evaluate conditions as we move forward.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. So getting a little more granular, when you talk about the spacing tests in the Turner, are you aligning those wellbores parallel or perpendicular to that old Cretaceous Seaway?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Most of those are running in a north-south direction throughout the play. And we're spacing those – in the areas that we have two horizons in Upper and Lower Turner, there's a staggered pattern. And so it's not just about one horizon. It's understanding the different horizons and what the interaction is between the two.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: In the Eagle Ford, I realize per your comments, you haven't had discussions with the new operator. But what rig count or level of activity do you think would be optimal for Devon in an accelerated case? And if this were to happen, would you reduce capital elsewhere in the portfolio, or would you use your free cash flow or balance sheet to increase activity in the Eagle Ford?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We're currently running two rigs there, Brian. I think in an optimized scenario, we'd run three rigs. And so frankly, that's not a large incremental capital spend if you look at the overall size of the company as Devon. So it's barely a material question, I guess you'd say, as to whether you'd drop activity elsewhere or use some of the incremental cash flow. If we were going to do that, that would be a 2019 event. We anticipate that would not be a 2018 event that we would change the program. And those returns, just to refresh everybody, are as strong as anywhere in our portfolio, particularly given the fact that we're getting WTI-plus pricing on those barrels. And we've done a great job with locking in well above the current market pricing in the Delaware Basin, incidentally obviously also in our heavy oil in Canada, but still not as strong as we see in the Eagle Ford. So with those flow rates compared to the costs, they compete extremely well. But we don't see rapidly increasing the capital, but we do see one incremental rig would probably be helpful in 2019.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. And then my follow-up is with regards to the company's CapEx. You reiterated that you expect CapEx to trend towards the top end of guidance. Could you give us a little bit more color on the push and pull there, what you're seeing on the inflationary front, what you've done from an activity perspective relative to your expectations and whether the Permian completion crew on for less time during the second half is helping to keep CapEx in check, and what you think the risk around the top end of guidance is to the upside and downside?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Brian, number one, I think as we mentioned in some of my prepared remarks, our supply chain and our operating teams have got a three-year plan that we are sticking really close to that allows us to go out and secure services for an extended period of time compared to a lot of our peers. So we feel like we have mitigated any of the stress or the inflationary factors that others are probably seeing in the 2018 timeframe. So we're doing some really good work. We're not outspending the cost and schedule management of our projects, as Wade and Rick have already talked about, have been on track. So we're doing really well there. We think our OBO spend has actually been an increase and a little bit of a surprise to us early this year, and starting to see some benefits from that. So that's really keeping us at the top end of the curve. But I think what you'll see is we had a very hot Q1 and have tapered back a bit, as you noticed, a 10% reduction in Q2, and we'll manage our spend in the second half of the year according to our original plan. And we just think this exercise is good discipline, and it's there to maximize the return of our projects.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Basically, Brian, we're executing our plan a little ahead of schedule. We have a little extra OBO spending. It's not on the cost side because we're managing that extremely well. And certainly the decision not to add a third frac crew in the Delaware was not driven around trying to stay within capital. It was driven by a returns decision. And so basically, we are able to have one frac crew, I think, Rick, you'd say per four rigs that we have working out there, and we're able to keep up with it. If we added a third frac crew right now for just a few rigs, basically what that would mean is when we come early 2019, we would have two long-term frac crews, one of which probably wouldn't have any work to do given the timing of all of our schedule. So from a return standpoint, that doesn't make sense. And so it makes more sense to stay with the two who can manage the eight rigs. Now we do see going to three frac crews in 2019 as we continue to increase the activity.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of from Subash Chandra from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. The Showboat, I'm just curious if the results there have any impact on the prior exit rate guidance in STACK, or if it has any sort of tangible impact on your growth expectations in the intermediate term.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I'd say it has no impact on our growth expectations under our Vision 2020. We have enough projects of different types and high quality that this, our Vision 2020 is absolutely totally intact. Now, could it perhaps have a minor amount of downward pressure? The question might be asked too. Why didn't we raise oil production guidance, I guess, for the remainder of the year? And admittedly, because of the Showboat issues, we thought it was more prudent until we see more data and we get the Bernhardt and Horsefly wells on to not raise production guidance, even though we exceeded it in Q2. So yes, throughout 2018 I would say that that did impact our short-term thinking on raising production guidance. But we have a very deep inventory of projects throughout the company that the 2020 Vision and our growth that we anticipate in oil production, U.S. light oil production, is absolutely intact. We're seeing outperformance, for instance, as we talked about, in the Delaware Basin. We're seeing some very strong upsides for the Powder River Basin, great returns from the wells we're seeing in the Eagle Ford as well. So maybe a short-term timing impact on production, but absolutely the potential that we chose to guide conservatively with regards to. But no implications at all to the long-term vision of the company.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, I appreciate that answer. My follow up is, I apologize if I missed this in your earlier commentary, the Turner spacing test. So what is that architecture? What is the spacing test exactly? And would this be one of the first spacing tests in the Turner – in the play?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: This is Rick Gideon again. There have been different spacing tests. And again, I want us to be careful on which part of the field we're in, whether you have an Upper Turner, a Lower Turner, or a Middle Turner. We've tested between two and four wells per section in each of those horizons. And so these latest tests were two wells per horizon or four wells per section and an upper and lower. I think you've seen some competitors do very similar testing. And as I said, we tested at four earlier in the year.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thank you for that clarification. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo from TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, Dave and team.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: The first question I wanted to ask is with regards to STACK completions. You mentioned that you're working to mitigate some of the parent well impacts after viewing the initial data on the Showboat project. I was curious if you could talk about some of the completion changes you might be envisioning, if at all, around proppant loading, cluster spacing, and fluid use that might help optimize development on a go-forward perspective.
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, I think we are in the middle of evaluating the specific completion design we had on Showboat and have already taken those learnings and started to apply them even to Bernhardt and Horsefly, which have already been stimulated. And so that's a pretty active process for us. I would say the broad trend is we are a little bit more of a macro scale. We're looking at specific reservoir targets and their rock properties, and we are beginning to more proactively adjust the stimulation parameters based on each of those reservoir targets. Again, some of that's learnings from Showboat. Some of that's learnings that we saw in other projects. On maybe a more specific stimulation approach, I would say that what we're doing is we're beginning to apply much more limited entry type approaches. We've tested a few things in Horsefly and Bernhardt that we think have promise around different technologies that allow us to really target exactly what part of the reservoir, what part of the lateral. And a couple of those is we've tested some NCS sleeves in one of these projects that we think actually has a lot of potential for us. So you'll see us continue to evolve that in much more of a reservoir-by-reservoir specific targeted way.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you. And then my follow-up is a question regarding Jackfish. I was wondering if you could provide additional color on the maintenance requirements that were identified that took down Q3 guidance to some extent. And as we look forward to Q4, any color or context around how we should think about the peak rates mentioned in the ops report?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, I've got to remind us, the maturity of our Jackfish 1 project is different than it was probably the last turnaround. In fact, we've been producing J1 over ten years now, so our turnarounds at J1 were more extensive than they had been at some of the younger projects. You've got to remember, we're operating some of these steam lines at 450 to 500 degrees F. So in the process of cooling and heating these lines, we tend to see movement, and those lines are designed to move. We have pipe racks to guide those lines through there. During the ramp-up period for J1 after the turnaround was over, we saw increased stress in one particular area, so we immediately took the project back down and went through an extensive evaluation and mechanical integrity inspection. And at the same time we were doing that, we took a good look at one of our oil lines as well. And so that really deferred our startup at J1 by about 15 days. It also deferred the startup of a couple of new pads out there. So we're getting a little bit of a slow start in Q3 associated with those couple of events. And then as we ramp the project back up, we fully expect to grow back into something near the historical rates that we've seen in the past. But again, you've got to always recognize that as these projects mature, there's going to be slightly more maintenance associated with them. And the SOR [Steam/Oil Ratio] is just slowly starting to creep up. So there's a little bit less steam capacity that we have available to work with. Overall, the projects are working extremely well. And outside of these two unplanned events, we're back to operating as normal.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Biju Perincheril from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi, good morning. Dave, looking through your various spacing pilots in the STACK, Delaware, Powder, it looks like the approach you're taking is that the initial projects, the spacing is something on the aggressive side, and then you're working backwards. And I don't know if that's a fair assessment. But if it is, is the idea that you can get to the final answer in fewer iterations, are you getting more information in the pilot that actually has some interaction between wells?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Absolutely, I think you've nailed it. We want to learn early because we recognize in all of these plays that the vast majority of the development is in front of us. And so we have, just as we did, if you go back even a few years ago on completions, and when you may have said historically we're pumping 600 pounds of sand per lateral foot, we could have easily taken the approach to go to 800 or 1,000 and test out what it is there. But we took the approach there that says let's go on to a much higher concentration, up to 3,000 pounds or so, and learn early where the upper limits are, and then we can dial back a little bit. I think you can take to a large degree that analogy and apply it to what we're doing with our spacing tests. We chose to learn early. Frankly, we also collected a huge amount of data on the Showboat project, which we think is going to help inform us as well. And we recognize that it was aggressive, the spacing, but we'd rather if we were going to have an issue, we'd rather learn that early versus just slowly, incrementally up the spacing and get large – long distance into the development of the overall play before we really learn what's optimum. So there's some pain with this process, we admit that. We're feeling it a little bit today. There's no question about that. But we think that overall, that is the right long-term decision, and leads to a higher returns and higher value in the long run.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it, that's very helpful. Do you think at this point if you're looking at STACK or the Delaware that you – how close do you think you are to that, call it, optimum spacing?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I'm going to let the guys that are a little bit closer – I think you're going to hear an answer that's fairly granular. It's going to vary still across the play and across the formations. I don't think there is an easy answer, and I think we're still – we're learning a lot more, but I think we'll continue to learn, but we've certainly accelerated the learning. So, Wade, do you want to kick it off and maybe Rick will make a comment from the Delaware perspective?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure. So from a STACK perspective, we are systematically testing multiple density frameworks and spacing stacking frameworks. So as you saw, the next two projects that will come online within a couple of weeks here in August, Bernhardt and Horsefly, are testing slightly lower density than the Showboat. We have other projects that you'll see over the next six months where we may only test one layer, the Upper Meramec. And so that will vary across the play. Ultimately, we think as we approach the end of the year, we're going to have a number of operated tests under our belt that will range in spacing anywhere from 6 to 12 wells per section. And from that, we'll be able to essentially narrow down what the go-forward development plan will look like. But I think to Dave's point, that's unlikely to be just one model for the entire play. We see that these reservoir targets change quality as we move around the play. We know that pressure, conditions, and even fluid windows change. And so we will ultimately have a fairly customized development framework for multiple sub areas of the play. And we think as we approach the start of next year, we'll be in a much more solid place to lay that out, both internally and externally.
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Biju, this is Rick Gideon. For the Delaware, very similar. What I'll tell you is it's dependent, as stated, whether it be in the Todd area, Thistle, Cotton Draw, Rattlesnake, or Potato Basin, the five areas that we talked about. What I'll tell you also is it ties very much to flow units. It's not just a single horizon. It's not just the spacing. It's the staggered pattern. It's in the Leonard. Whether you have A, B, and C, how many wells does it take to most efficiently drain that and have the highest rate of return while preserving value? We're probably, in the Bone Spring, we're probably the most mature as we talk about it. Leonard following, and Rattlesnake is where we're doing a lot of the testing right now in the Wolfcamp, which is probably less mature on the spacing. And as we take a look in the Wolfcamp, we have to keep in mind that we're looking at your Third Bone Spring, your Wolfcamp X and Y, your Wolfcamp 110, 120, and 130 as one single flow unit. So as we model that, we have to understand the stimulated rock volume by the types of jobs we're pumping, and what is that horizontal and vertical reaction between those wells.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Biju, this is Tony. I just wanted to highlight too that we probably have on the operated side alone, we probably have a library of 6,000 horizontal wells that we worked in. And the majority of those have had parent/child relationship issues that we've worked through. We're going to continue to learn in all of these plays. The technology continues to change. The guys are getting smarter. New data just leads to new developments. We're seeing some of the best completions we've made in the Eagle Ford today. We're seeing some of the best completions we made in the Cana-Woodford project towards the end of 850 wells. Same thing in North Texas in the Barnett. We're seeing some of the best wells now after 3,000 or 4,000 wells have been drilled. So this is not a single answer that you're going to hear from us. We're going to continue to learn and grow.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Very helpful, I appreciate that detailed answer. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Based on everything that you said, and thanks for all the detail, it does seem that it's difficult for you, for a couple of reasons, to accelerate in the Eagle Ford or the Delaware much more than the pace you're already running. So I wonder. Does that mean that we're very, very dependent on results coming through in the way you've described? And I totally understand that you're saying that there's 90% of the work still to be done. But do you think that the risk has become higher on the STACK in terms of its importance for you and Vision 2020? Thanks.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: No, Paul. I don't feel that way. We do plan to have an escalating program in the Delaware Basin as we move into 2019. We haven't laid out the specific plans, but I think we're anticipating having on the order of three or four more rigs working out there. That's directionally the way we're thinking right now. We're looking at adding more rigs in the Powder River Basin. Tony talked about that. So no, I don't think that's true. I think that we've had outstanding results in both of those areas as well. The Eagle Ford we're not counting on for significant growth, but we do think we can stay – keep production flat there with three rigs, and we think that will be optimum. Having said that, we do anticipate STACK is going to continue to grow as well. So I don't want to talk down the STACK at all because we're learning very quickly and we're adjusting and we anticipate a very successful STACK program going forward. It is going to be an important part of our future.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Understood. Thanks, David. Can I just ask a follow-up, which is totally unrelated really? Has your hedging strategy changed subsequent to Vision 2020? Thanks.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: No, it hasn't. We fundamentally think that, first off, that we want to have a consistent and predictable capital program because we think that having a consistent program where you're not ramping up activity or not ramping it down is how you deliver the highest returns. If you rapidly increase the capital program, you may not be ready from a technical standpoint or an infrastructure standpoint to be able to deliver optimum returns. And if you ramp down the capital program, you lose some of the efficiencies that you get with a certain level of scale on these – when you have multiple rigs working, for instance, on an individual development. And so you lose some of those efficiencies if you ramp it down significantly. So with that thought process in mind, we think it's important to underpin the cash flows of the company to make sure that we have a certain level of consistency in cash flows to be able to fund the capital program. And so we are doing this through a systematic program largely, where we're reaching out 18 months and hedging production at any given time. We do leave some room for discretionary hedging as well, but it's all within the context of underpinning the confidence in what prices we're going to receive. Obviously, we're hedging on the differentials too, which has provided quite a bit of benefit for us this year in terms of pricing. But we think that's fundamentally important to deliver consistent, strong returns with our programs.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. One thing I was curious about is the importance of sequencing your drilling, then completions, then putting pads on production across the section and then across multiple sections, and any differences that require sequencing between what you've seen in the Delaware, STACK, and now the Powder.
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, David. This is Rick Gideon. Absolutely there's some difference in sequencing, and the teams do a great job on the planning side of this, whether it be with our frac crews, rigs, or other services. It's very dependent on how many horizons you're going after. In the Delaware, we've done some tests where you're hitting six different horizons. What I'll tell you is through our learnings and understanding the flow units, you'll see some areas, especially in the Delaware, where you'll see some smaller projects where we develop one flow unit, move away and then come back and develop the next flow unit to better utilize our surface facilities and infrastructure within the field, as well as water, et cetera. So I think as we move through this, you're going to continue to see how we change based on spacing, but based on flow units also.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Just to follow up on that, how do you think about the scale of required capital and working capital that is invested and what's required for – a company the size of Devon can fund it, but maybe smaller companies, that becomes pretty important and pretty meaningful as you think about that fixed horizon development and the number of wells potentially. Have you done any math on how much capital you actually put into the ground before you turn it on production?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We do. We've done a lot of math on I'd say what is the optimum size development to optimize the rates of return. I think we probably have the capital to fund whatever is the right answer, but we do think that there is an optimum size in many cases to what optimizes the rates of return.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: This is Wade. I would just jump in real quick and say we're absolutely focused on the fact that time is money, and so we're very much focused on eliminating as much float in the schedule or white space in the schedule as we can. But to Rick's point, this often is a very technical set of judgments. For instance, on the two Showboat sections, there were six pads, and the team had a very specific order of which pads to stimulate and which pads to flow back in what order because of the impact that they would have on surface operations and even subsurface operations. And so it's an area of intense work for us.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: That's helpful, and just one final. What are your current well costs? You gave us the Delaware – or you gave us the STACK. What are the Delaware and Eagle Ford current costs?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Dependent on the horizon in the Delaware again and dependent upon some of these new, we're in the $7 million range on a lot of these down to about $5 million – $5.5 million on some of the shallower zones. We're very early as we move into the Wolfcamp, but we are seeing progression of that lowering.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: David, the Eagle Ford wells lately, we're putting a little bit larger sand loading in these wells, and they're running about $6.5 million.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thank you.
[0FH2DB-E Scott Coody]: All right, we're now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if we didn't get to your question, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day, thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp. Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp. Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp. Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp. Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you and good morning. I hope everyone had the chance to review our financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance, and detailed operations report. Additionally, for today's call, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. These slides are available on our website, and we will make sure to refer to the slide number during our prepared remarks so that everyone can follow along. With today's call, I will cover a few preliminary items. Then our President and CEO, Dave Hager, will provide his thoughts on the key takeaways from the quarter. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, is going to cover a few key operational highlights and review our infill development strategy in the STACK. And then we'll wrap up our prepared remarks with a brief financial review by Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer. Overall, this commentary should last around 10 minutes. Then we'll open the call for Q&A. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. For the purpose of today's call, my comments will be centered on four key messages. Turning to slide 2. The first key message is that we are raising our 2018 guidance for U.S. oil production due to the outstanding operational performance we are experiencing in the Delaware and STACK. With this production raise, the midpoint of our updated guidance for 2018 U.S. oil production now represents an estimated growth rate of 16% compared to 2017, up from our previous guidance of 14%. The improved outlook is driven by higher well productivity, as our development activity is focused in the economic core of the Delaware and STACK, and the efficiency gains we are achieving at our multi-zone developments. With our initial multi-zone developments, we have executed these projects with greater efficiency than planned, which is compressing cycle times and pulling forward incremental activity into 2018. Given this outstanding execution, it is likely upstream capital spending will trend toward the top half of our full year guidance range, benefiting our production profile in 2018 and 2019. I want to emphasize the only reason CapEx is trending towards the top end of guidance is because we're completing our plan 2018 program quicker than anticipated, and we'll most likely accelerate some 2019 program into 2018. This is a good news story. The next key point is we have the marketing arrangements and supply chain in place to deliver on our growth plans. With regional takeaway constraints becoming a serious issue for the industry, our marketing plan has provided us both flow assurance and price protection across all areas of our asset portfolio. Specifically in the Delaware Basin, through firm transport on the Longhorn Pipeline, we have access to premium Gulf Coast oil pricing and have regional basis swaps near WTI pricing covering the remaining production sold in the basin. These physical and financial hedges are becoming increasingly valuable with Midland differentials currently trending towards $10 off WTI. Given our advantaged location in Southeast New Mexico, we also have good line of sight to move our Delaware gas production, as we flow our volumes directly to the West Coast completely avoiding the WAHA hub. In the STACK, we have direct access to Cushing for WTI pricing. And we have firm transport agreements covering the vast majority of our gas production. The firm transport of gas in the STACK and our basis swaps provide effective price protection in 2018. The last area I will touch on is our attractive WCS hedges in Canada. In 2018 we have roughly half of our production hedged at $15 off WTI. On the supply chain front, the service market is certainly tight right now, especially in the Permian Basin. However, our supply chain team has proactively secured rigs, supplies, and pressure pumping services in our high activity basins at competitive prices to execute our capital plans in 2018 and 2019. The multi-year develop plans and commodity hedging program we've designed for the Delaware and STACK have provided Devon the opportunity to secure longer term relationships at below market rates with top providers. So to summarize, Devon is in great shape to deliver on our growth initiatives, as our marketing and supply chain are providing certainty of execution. The third key message is that Devon will efficiently grow cash flow throughout the remainder of 2018. With current strip prices, we expect to increase our upstream cash flow by approximately 35% by year end compared to first quarter levels. This will be driven by three factors. A key contributor to our cash flow growth is an increase in higher oil margin production in the U.S., where we are on pace to deliver exit rate growth of approximately 30% in 2018. Next, we expect higher margins in Canada over the remainder of 2018, due to WCS prices recently improving by more than $10 per barrel compared to the lows experienced in Q1. The third factor contributing to higher margins over the remainder of 2018 is the aggressive steps we are taking to improve our cost structure. With the ongoing restructuring of our workforce, along with the recent tender of high interest debt, we are now on pace to reduce G&A and interest costs by $175 million annually. And my final key message is we successfully advanced several shareholder friendly initiatives during the quarter. In March, our Board of Directors approved a 33% increase in our quarterly dividend and authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program, which we are on pace to complete by year end. Jeff will provide more details on these initiatives later in the call. Looking ahead, as we generate free cash flow from operations and asset sale proceeds, we will continue the return of cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase program and growth in the dividend. Given the potential for significant cash inflows through asset sales, I'd like to provide additional clarity to our portfolio simplification strategy. Moving to slide 3. As we discussed at length in the past, given our resource rich asset base in the Delaware and STACK, we see the potential to monetize in excess of $5 billion of noncore assets. And while we've already achieved $1.1 billion of noncore asset sales to-date, we have multiple initiatives underway at various levels of maturity to further simplify and focus our portfolio footprint. To be clear, we're not going to become a Delaware and STACK pure play. But we are targeting a more focused asset portfolio. We are actively pursuing larger asset transactions. And we are concurrently marketing roughly $1 billion of smaller, noncore assets sales throughout our portfolio. While there are a lot of initiatives going on, I do want to emphasize that we're working each of these opportunities with a high sense of urgency. And with this point I'll turn the call over to Tony Vaughn for additional commentary on our operations.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave. I'd like to begin by covering a few noteworthy operating highlights on slide 4. A great place to start is with our Delaware and STACK assets, which delivered 20% plus oil growth in the quarter, a driving force behind our Q1 oil production beat. This strong growth was driven by record setting well productivity. For the quarter this activity was headlined by two stunningly prolific Boundary Raider wells in the Delaware Basin that achieved a combined 24-hour IP rate of approximately 24,000 BOEs per day, of which approximately 80% is oil. 24,000 BOEs per day. These are the highest rate wells brought on in the 100-year history of the Delaware Basin. The STACK also delivered outstanding new wells with the most prolific rates belonging to four wells from our Coyote development that delivered average 30-day IPs of 4,400 BOEs per day per well. We also had a strong quarter of efficiency gains, as we shifted towards multi-zone developments. In the Delaware, this included record drill times at Boomslang and drilling improvements at Seawolf that translated into savings of $800,000 per well. In the STACK, our Showboat execution was exceptional, as we attained first production 40 days ahead of plan. Overall, a great start to the year for our capital programs. And these outstanding well results reflect the quality of our underlying asset base and our staff's top tier operating capabilities. I'm very proud of the effort that they have put in this quarter. Moving to slide 5. I'd like to focus my remaining commentary on a subject that is of great interest to our investor base right now, and that is our STACK infill spacing strategy. As many of you who follow the play closely know, our STACK acreage position resides in the economic core of the play within the volatile oil window. This sweet spot delivers the best combination of high oil productivity and lower well cost. Devon's asset quality, technology leadership, and technical understanding of the play have consistently produced best-in-class well results in the play, which compete very well for capital within our high quality asset portfolio. Now that our leasehold drilling is largely complete, the next step for our STACK asset is to optimize the infill spacing with our multi-zone development projects. With more than 95% of our Meramec resource undeveloped, the next three projects – Showboat, Horsefly, and Bernhardt – are designed to inform our future development strategy. These projects will test development concepts, including well densities of 9 to 12 wells per drilling unit, and are designed to improve returns through multi-layer well stacking, intra-layer well staggering, and further completion design improvements. The most advanced of the initial infill projects is our Showboat development. Showboat is in the early stages of flowing back. And we are excited with the efficiency gains and cost savings we achieved compared to the legacy parent well drilling results. Drilling times were 30% faster, and we had a 2 times improvement in completion stages per day due to the benefits of zipper fracking. Due to these efficiencies, we achieved cost savings of $1.5 million per well at Showboat versus legacy activity in the area. For a better understanding of vertical and horizontal communication between wells at Showboat, we are staggering well tie-ins over the next two months and expect to obtain peak rates by mid-year. Even with conservative well productivity assumptions for our next three infill projects, we are projecting burdened wellhead returns of 40% at today's strip pricing. These will be great projects for Devon. With a lower capital and LOE cost associated with these multi-zone developments, we expect our go-forward infill development returns to be superior to the historic well results in the play. And in addition to the strong project level economics, I would like to emphasize that we have a huge runway of resource and inventory, providing a multi-decade growth opportunity for Devon. We have 130,000 net acres in the core oil window of the play with most of these acres possessing multiple landing zones that are highly economic at today's prices. We have conservatively risked our Meramec inventory at six wells per surface section. But we fully expect infill drilling results to increase our inventory over time. And with that, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Tony. As Dave mentioned in the opening, I will provide an update on the shareholder return initiatives underway at Devon and will touch on our debt position and interest cost. However, first I'd like to cover the new revenue recognition accounting rules that changed the way our financial statements present certain processing fees for natural gas and natural gas liquids. Historically, these processing fees have been recorded as a reduction to revenue. But beginning this quarter, the fees were recorded directly to production expense. This accounting change had no impact to earnings or cash flow, but the change did result in increased upstream revenues and increased production expenses. Our historical results have not been restated in our financials. But we have provided a table in our earnings release restating the historical result so the quarter-over-quarter trend is evident. Moving to slide 6. In March, we announced our $1 billion share repurchase program. To date, we have repurchased 6.2 million shares of stock at an average price of $33 per share, bringing the total cost of our program to $204 million. We expect to complete this stock repurchase program by the end of 2018. In addition to our share repurchase authorization, our board also approved a 33% increase in our quarterly common dividend. The new quarterly dividend rate will be $0.08 per share, compared to the prior quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share. From a dividend policy perspective, we are targeting a manageable payout ratio of 5% to 10% of our upstream operating cash flow. With our upstream business well-positioned to efficiently expand cash flow for the foreseeable future, we expect to reward shareholders by sustainably paying and steadily growing the dividend over time. Turning to our debt position. We successfully repurchased $807 billion (sic) [$807 million] (15:42) of notes in the first quarter, reducing our gross upstream debt to $6.1 billion. Strategically, this repurchase focused on higher coupon maturities in an effort to lower our go-forward interest expense by $64 million annually. Looking ahead, with the retirement of the $277 million debt that will mature over the next nine months, we will have completed our $1 billion debt reduction plan. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Jeff. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can reprompt as time permits. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Bob Morris with Citi. Your line is open. Bob Morris?
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Very nice results this morning, Dave.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Bob.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: As things are running ahead of schedule and you look to pull some activity forward from 2019, I know previously you were planning on dropping three to four rigs at year end. Is that still the case? Or are you going to keep all 20 of the current rigs that you have operating going to the end of the year now?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we're still making an assessment on that, Bob, and exactly what we're going to do. The thing that we like so much is that we have, with these multi-zone developments, that we are seeing such efficiencies by maintaining the same rigs, the same crews, that we are actually executing our program quicker than we – we knew there was going to be efficiencies. But we're seeing even more than we anticipated. The costs are lower and the efficiencies are greater. So what we are really focused on overall are the returns. And we don't want to risk degrading those returns by dropping very efficient rigs and crews. And then picking up potentially new rigs and crews at the beginning of 2019, where we don't see as much efficiencies as we're currently seeing with the program. So that's the thought process we're thinking through. We have a decision to make here. And we're making the comments, we're kind of guiding towards the top end of guidance, because we think that probably some of this were going to continue on. But exactly how much of it, we're still making a final decision. It has to do with the maturity of the projects. But a key point I want to emphasize, it's a returns based decision to make sure the projects are ready and balanced out with the efficiencies we're receiving with these rigs and crews, versus the risk of losing that if we drop the rigs.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Sure. That makes sense. Thanks. And my follow-up question is, you had a small, but very interesting joint venture you announced in the Barnett Shale. And is that something you'll continue to look to do more of, given what the environment is for natural gas asset packages out there in the market? Or how do you think about that, versus stability to continue to monetize the Barnett and doing more of these such deals? Does that necessarily preclude you from continuing to look to monetize the Barnett, even parts that might be subject to some of these sort of deals?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. Great question, Bob. And I want to be clear. This does not change anything with regards to the potential long term strategy of what we do with the Barnett. This is just we think a very creative business opportunity to take an asset that has identified development opportunities and to form relationship with a great company, such as DowDuPont, where we essentially are now bringing them in on a promoted basis to drill some wells that otherwise we would not execute. So it'd just be an asset that we're not maximizing the value of with these pud opportunities just sitting there. So we are bringing them in with the promote. It makes the returns to Devon competitive with the rest of our portfolio. So it's we think a great way to bring value forward in the short term. But in no way does this change our optionality or decision process in regards to what we'll do with the Barnett in the long term. We're still working through that. Obviously it's more challenged at these lower natural gas prices. Also provides benefit to EnLink, which accrues back to us as well obviously by additional provided incremental EBITDA, of which we are the majority benefit. So we think it's a real great shorter term solution and decision that brings value. We like DowDuPont. And there may be possibilities that we can expand this relationship in the future for similar type situations.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: No, that's great. Thanks a lot, Dave. Appreciate it.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. Tony, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the three spacing pilots. And you mentioned that you kind of conservatively risked the production from these pilots. And I was just wondering if you could maybe comment a little bit around your risking for the projects.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, Arun, I think we've commented in the past that we've got quite an extensive library of information and participated in about a dozen different pilots in the play. These are three more projects that we have that are going to fill in some key data points with us. I have to tell you – and I'm going to turn the call over to Wade Hutchings in just a minute, who is managing that asset base for us. But, Arun, there's more to it. It's a more complicated question when we manage these unconventional reservoirs than just simple spacing. And Wade will be able to dial into that a bit. But we fully utilize this database that we have. We built the 3D earth models. We put a lot of time and attention into the technical competency that we put into it, at least to the optimum design and also leads to the granular attention to execution that we have in our technical groups. You're seeing some prolific well results in both the Coyote areas and across STACK, and the same thing in the Delaware Basin. None of that's really by accident. It's all by just competency and technical fact based work that the guys are doing. So, Wade, why don't you describe a little bit more what you're trying to get out of the pilots? Maybe even explain a little bit of how we work in the greenfield and the brownfield type areas.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure. Thank you, Tony. When we look at these three projects that we've highlighted here, we certainly have a range of spacing that we're testing, all the way from 12 wells per section in Showboat to 10 wells per section at Horsefly, and then 9 at Bernhardt. All three of those projects are in the core of the Meramec play. All three of them are landing in the best reservoir, which is essentially what we call the Meramec 200. And then they all are staggering wells in between a couple zones just lower than that core reservoir. So they're all testing roughly the same reservoirs but at slightly different staggering and well spacing. And we anticipate learning a lot from these, in addition to the other industry and non-operated investments we've made. Ultimately, we're testing a lot more than spacing though, because we recognize that the stimulation approach in an infill mode needs to be different than it was in the parent HBP mode. And so we're testing multiple things in each one of these projects. We'll certainly give you a lot more detail on that as those projects come online. But we're really looking at how do we optimize the stimulation spend to get the most value out of each of these projects. The Showboat particularly is one where we've invested a lot of science dollars around monitoring the pressure between wells and between layers and trying to determine if the tweaks we're making to our stimulation design are being effective or not.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's really helpful. I wanted to shift gears a little bit, talk about the asset sales program. Dave, you highlighted kind of multiple packages, maybe $1 billion of potential proceeds. We also note that I think 28,000 acres of that is in kind of the central Delaware Basin. But as you receive some asset sale proceeds, what is the first call on that cash to the extent you get to that $1 billion? How do you plan to invest that capital?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We see the bulk of that going to share repurchases.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe if I could follow-up. I appreciate all the detail you just gave on Showboat, focused a lot on the below ground stuff. You clearly had a very encouraging performance on cost and efficiencies on the larger development there. Can you talk a little bit about above ground, what you've seen in terms of your ability to drive down cost and capture efficiencies? And what you think that means for your programs going forward?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Ryan, this is Tony. I think we've talked over the last probably two years about this multi-zone concept. And we felt like all told, we had the ability to increase our valuations about – up about 40% in comparison to the historic or the legacy type development concepts that you see across these basins. And we fully expect to have not only just surface efficiencies associated with quicker and more efficient permitting with larger permits being established at the onset, because we have a full surface description of how we're going to flow into the centralized production facilities. We are designing these, and a concept we have here is really a drill-to-fill concept. And so what you will see in these general areas is we'll build a centralized production facility that'll be able to handle multi-pads as we go forward. And so while we will not design for a peak rate on a given pad, we'll design for a very efficient and cost effective design that will maximize the rate of return for that project. And then as additional pads come on, they will flow back into that same centralized production facility. So if you start looking at the burdened cost for all the developments that will ultimately flow into a common centralized tank battery, it's not going to be the $750,000, $800,000 per well when we were just doing the conventional legacy type work. It's going to be much more efficient than that. And it varies project-by-project, but it'll certainly be below about $0.5 million per well. And that just continues to gain efficiencies as we go forward, because these centralized production facilities are structured to be around for a long period of time as the wells in the given area come on and maximize that space.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And so what you've seen so far, is it in line with the 40% uplift that you kind of envisioned over the past couple years?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Actually, Ryan, we knew we were going to be learning into this space. And we've completed one, the Anaconda Project in the Delaware Basin. We're virtually through the Showboat project in STACK. And we have other projects going on. We're actually accelerating our learnings much quicker than what we anticipated. So we're quite encouraged with this. We know this is the direction that we're going to go. We're already starting to look at – potentially we have about 30 different projects that are in one stage of our project management or another. And so we're approving projects and reviewing projects right now all the way out into mid and late 2019. So this is really a well-oiled machine. And the efficiencies associated with this concept are coming quicker and are probably larger than what we originally anticipated.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: So, Ryan, Tony described a surface facility savings. Obviously we've previously talked about the drilling cost savings as well. And then also we are seeing real efficiencies on the hydraulic fracturing side too. And, Wade, I think you have a stat probably just for example at Showboat on the stimulation side of how much more efficient we are with that versus historical.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, Dave. Specific to Showboat, what we found there was essentially we completed the stimulation of that project in about essentially two-thirds of the time that we had planned. So we anticipated some of those efficiencies, as Dave noted. But we were pleasantly surprised that we found even faster learning curve than we had anticipated. And really want to give the team a lot of credit for that. I mean a lot of hard work out in the field executing these programs and being willing to lean forward and try to do things a different way to get better results. So we essentially drove our stages per day up by 2 times from what we had done in the past. And that really accelerated the early production that we saw from this project so far.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then maybe a quick follow up. We appreciate the incremental clarity on takeaway capacity and pricing out of the Permian Basin. I mean can you – it looks like you're quite well situated until, as we look from now into through the bulk of 2019. Can you talk about how you see – how you balance the need for the potential to sign up for incremental FT out of the Permian beyond that, versus maintaining longer term flexibility?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. And I'm going to ask – we have several people here we're going to let talk, because they're the real experts on this. And so, Ryan, I'm going to ask Kevin Lafferty, who heads up our midstream and marketing business here, to give you a little more granular answer on that.
Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, Ryan. Yeah, as we noted in the ops report on slide 13, we have put ourselves in a really good position. And this is a strategy we have in place with all of our key products across all of our plays both in the U.S. and Canada. So we use a combination of both physical or firm transport and financial hedging to really mitigate risk of both flow assurance and making sure that we can have dollars go to the bottom line. So as we've noted on slide 13, especially for the Permian and starting with oil, so we transport on Longhorn. And that gets a certain amount of barrels out of the basin and over to the Magellan East Houston marker, where the pricing, as Dave noted in his comments, is stronger. And we're actually building out our MEH hedge book as well, just to lock that in and have certainty of cash flow there. And then the rest of the sales, we have a little bit to go in the local refineries. And the key here, and it's an intangible for us, but our marketing group both in the U.S. and in Calgary do a really good job of building relationships with key people. So we are selling our products, not just oil but gas as well, to other people that have firm transportation to make sure that our product is going to get to market. And then of course we highlighted that we have financially hedged both in 2018 and 2019 at just under $1 and then $0.50 a barrel. What we see though is that you have a whole another wave of pipes that are going to come online in 2019, probably starting first with the Cactus line in mid-2019, and several other projects have been announced. So this strategy solidly gets us through this period of tightness, where again as Dave commented, the differentials have blown out pretty substantially. And then we will continue on this strategy, shipping, downstream, and/or financial hedging as we go forward.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning, Dave, to you and the rest of your team there. I would like to ask, I know you guys touched on the Boundary Raider wells, those really remarkable wells in the Delaware Basin. But can you talk a little bit about what led you to target this area? And perhaps elaborate a bit on how those results came in versus your pre-drill? And what if anything has changed on your view in that zone or that area or in any respect?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, Charles. And I'm going to ask – again we have several people in here. We're going to ask Rick Gideon, who is our Senior Vice President in charge of the Delaware Basin and Rockies, to comment further. But I just want to make one thing really clear before he goes into his comment. You didn't ask this, but I'm going to make it really clear. This is not due to us opening the chokes up really wild to get a huge 24-hour IP. This is truly an exceptional area, where we're seeing not only great wells with strong pressures, but also you can anticipate the EURs on these area – wells in this area to be two to three times what our normal type curve is out there. So this is truly an outstanding area that we have discovered. So, Rick, you want to talk a little bit more about it?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Absolutely. Thank you, Dave. And great question, Charles. I was hoping somebody would ask about these wells. How did we find them? Well, I'll tell you. I think we have the best technical teams in the industry working these basins. And these teams are focused on identifying the best parts of these basins or the sweet spots. So when we went into this, this was an identified sweet spot. We were aware these wells would be much better than typical wells. I think they surprised us a bit that they were even better than what we thought. As Dave indicated from a choke management, we did nothing different than we typically do on any of our wells from a choke management standpoint. None of these wells were opened to full open chokes. They were managed in order to maintain the value of the reservoir. And as we've identified this, as we said in the operations report, we have additional wells we'll be drilling in this area over the next 1.5 years.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And I guess, Rick, has it changed your view on other sweet spots you've identified in the Second Bone Springs, or is it – are there things you're going to be doing differently going forward, having seen what these wells actually delivered?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: I think it's confirmed our view. I don't know that this changed our view. We knew what we were looking for. The teams did a great job again in identifying the different metrics to make these better wells. On top of that it was the outstanding execution of these wells and the ability to flow these back into a large battery and test them. So I don't know that it changed it, but it did affirm our views. And I think we'll continue to identify these throughout all of our basins.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And, Charles, maybe to help out, give a little context of I think where you may be going with this too. First, there is obviously a great area. We are going to have to build out the infrastructure more in the area. And we're going to be building that out commensurate with drilling the wells. We think we have about 25 wells in this area. We can't say they're all going to be this good, but we think they're all going to be well above our type curve. And we feel really good that we've identified a sweet spot here. The production impact of this is going to be more a – and the biggest part is going to be more of a late 2018 on into 2019 and beyond type impact, just given the timing of the drilling of these wells and actually bringing them online. So it obviously has impacted a little bit here our results already by that and other wells allowing us to raise our production guidance. And frankly, we see some upside to our production guide, U.S. oil production guidance as we continue to execute throughout the year. But the bulk of the benefit will be late 2018, 2019, and beyond as we bring these wells on. So, Tony, you had one more comment on that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, Charles, it's hard for me to keep quiet on this. We've talked to you quite a bit over the last couple years. But really made this data driven approach, a big shift in our mentality about three – probably three, four years ago. It's really coming to fruition right now. And so as Rick mentioned, these weren't random events. These were well planned. And we're seeing this across all the areas that we work, not just in the Boundary Raider localized area, not just in the Coyote area. But you're starting to see what we've always claimed and since late 2015 and beyond. We've always been number one in IP90s, which we feel like is the best time to approach and estimate the ultimate recovery and value of a well. So we're starting to see an expansion of our results going forward. And so we couldn't be prouder from a leadership perspective of the technical work that our teams are really doing. We think this is really culminating some good across the board type work.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Well, Tony, Dave, and Rick, thanks for all that added commentary. It's helpful.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Subash Chandra with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi, just maybe a dumb question. But in the presentation, page 8, I just want to clarify something where you say, actively pursuing larger asset transactions. Is that a distinct bullet point from the bullet below it, about the $1 billion that's out there for sale? Or is there – or is it a just intro to that bullet? So just trying to understand if there's other asset sales that are in the initial stages that are not described on that page. And secondly, if it disqualifies acquisitions.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, it is a distinct bullet. So that we are – and let me try to frame the whole question up. So when we say we anticipate more than $5 billion of potential asset sale proceeds, we have executed already on the first $1 billion of that. And that culminated in the Johnson County sale in the Barnett. The second $1 billion are what we are marketing this year. And that is high multiple properties, such as the acreage that we have on the Texas Delaware side. It's not part of our long term development plan within the Delaware, but we think has a significant value. You don't have a lot of production there. We think it has significant value in the marketplace, so obviously that's a very high multiple property, since it's primarily undrilled acreage. So that and some other asset sales are the second $1 billion. And we're going to plan to execute that largely here in 2018. Beyond that, we are looking at some strategic transactions of larger magnitude and actively working some of those as we speak. We are purposely being nonspecific on what those are, because we are saying that the primary growth engines of the company in the future are the Delaware Basin, the STACK, and the Rockies. We are looking at other areas where frankly we see undeveloped opportunities that we may not be maximizing the value of within our own portfolio, because of the extreme high quality that we have of development opportunities. But yet, they're other opportunities that other companies, may be worth more in their portfolio than are worth in our portfolio. So we are currently in discussions on some of these larger transactions. Now the reason we aren't being more specific is because in several of these situations there's a limited buyer universe frankly. And so we want to make sure that we maintain the power and that we have – and we have optionality around which of these we may actually execute on, to maximize the value that we receive for the shareholders. So we have some ideas around it. We're going to be – I'm going to continue to be non-specific on that though, so that we can maximize that transaction value. And we do have options obviously. We don't have to go one way or another. We have options on which way we may go. But we are actively pursuing other opportunities of a more strategic nature to reach that $5 billion number in total.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. My follow-up is, any more color you can provide on the proprietary completion techniques you've identified before in STACK? And maybe an update on whether it was applied in some of these wells this quarter? And whether it's being applied in the Delaware?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: This is Rick Gideon. Absolutely, we continue in both areas to progress the tight spacing of clusters, the number of clusters, the rates, the sand volumes, the sweeps, multi, multi variables. Again, our technical teams currently model these. We watch the production and flow back and continue to optimize these. So very similar in STACK and Delaware, the different techniques we're using, you're seeing it in the results of all of our wells. That, tied along with the real-time monitoring of our completions and the real-time monitoring of our flow back, is providing the better wells that you're seeing.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Rick, I'm curious if it's still a discrete application? Or if we should assume that's sort of being applied across the program?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: It's being applied similarly across the program. I never want you to think that every completion we pump in every horizon across every basin is the same. Everyone has a discrete part to it, but they're all very – way that we're executing.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I think the key thing is that we are communicating constantly across all of our business units. So there, we have completions experts that look across the entire company. And so they may apply different techniques in different areas, but it's out of knowledge of what is the best technique for each of those areas. It's not due to lack of communication. And the other thing is I've heard described, and this is my explanation of it. That sometimes you hear people talk about frac 1.0 or frac 2.0 or things like that. To my mind the best way we do it internally is almost like frac continuous, because we are constantly updating our actual techniques based on the real time information that we're receiving on all of our completions. And so it is – we have a continuous improvement program that is truly real time, even on individual wells. And so it's hard to describe it as a discrete one change that we've made, and we're going to go with that change across the entire program, because that's not the way we work. The way we work is through our 24/7/365 drilling and well control room and flowback room that we are constantly updating how we're doing it. So...
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah. Well, great update, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo with TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning, Matt.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: From a gas perspective you've been able to secure a strong level of flow assurance by transporting volumes to the West Coast in 2018. As your and industry volumes accelerate regionally, and as capacity west-bound likely toughs out, how does Devon view its medium term strategy around gas marketing and the potential need for FT to clear the basin?
Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, Matt. This is Kevin Lafferty again. First of all, let me walk through, all the way through the value chain just to try and be clear about this. On the upstream side – and when I say that, I'm referring to getting the gas from our wellhead and site to the gas processing plant. We think that there is an ample amount and a strong amount of new build gas processing that's happening both in New Mexico but largely even on the Texas side, which really gives us plenty of access to gas processing. So we don't see any constraints there at all. When it gets to the residue side, Dave's comments, really the way that we market our gas and the benefit we have being in New Mexico, is that we can tie-in relatively easy to very large pipes. This would be El Paso and Transwestern and Northern Natural and others that tend to go west and move a lot of volume out west. And so any limitations that we would have are really mitigated just because of location and geography. So we have contemplated whether or not we need to look at firm, and different projects are being built. We're pleased to see the Kinder Morgan project, Gulf Coast Express, move forward and have shipper commitments. And there are a lot of other projects that are going to follow that to get gas out of the basin. So right now we feel like we can sell into other people that have firm capacity. But we look at taking firm on gas the same way we do on oil. And we're always considering those projects and what it means for us.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. And my second question is a follow-up to some of the color you provided on cost savings. We've seen pretty material savings announced on Anaconda and Steamboat from an efficiency perspective. I was wondering how much that's factored into your 2018 capital program. And as you continue to progress your learnings, how is this kind of factored into your long term views around your free cash flow guidance?
Kevin D. Lafferty - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, this is Kevin again. I'm first going to start and then hand off either to Tony or Dave here. But let me first talk about our procurement and supply chain strategy. So this is – and we've talked a lot about our decoupling efforts. This has been a differentiator for us. We still see going from Q4 of 2017 to Q4 of 2018, while the industry is inflating at double digit type of numbers, especially in the Permian, because of all the increased activity headed to the Permian, we have largely taken control of our own destiny. And we still see a low single digit type of inflationary number, because of our approach and the debundling and how we've locked in contracts and secured services. So for us when you combine that with the efficiencies on the drilling in the frac side, we literally see no inflation for the rest of our 2018 program. And as we've stated on pages 13 and 19 in the ops report, we continue to lock in these services and contract out throughout 2019 as well to really place ourselves in a good situation.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And, Matt, maybe going specifically to your question. Kevin gave you a great description of overall what we're doing. But specifically to your question, I would say largely what Kevin talked about is baked into our capital comments already. So it's really more about the efficiencies that we're getting in the projects with those being executed quicker than anticipated. This just means we have the opportunity to do more activity than we anticipated. And that's where, as I said before, we're looking at a decision point based on returns as to what the right decision is on that.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Dave, I wonder if I could go back to the STACK development plan longer term. I guess I must be the only one that's still confused with 12 wells per section in Showboat, but 6 wells per section on your assumed inventory. Clearly there's some upside risk there. How do you think about the development plan going forward as it relates to not leaving any of those sections undeveloped? Because obviously if you're going to pursue a Showboat, Bernhardt, Horsefly type of model going forward, the risked backlog, location backlog presumably has to go materially higher. Can you just frame that for me?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. And it's a great question, Doug, as one that our teams wrestle with to come up with. And there's no perfect answer to that question. But I think the thing I would say first is that we are more focused on returns and rate of return of our project than anything else. Now having said that, it is we do look at the overall NPV or NPV per dollar invested in the project. And if we're seeing a degradation of the NPV per dollar invested in a project, then that's when we get to the point where we say, well, our spacing or whatever else we're doing has perhaps reached a limit. And then we shouldn't go any further. Now early on, it's important to remember, we're so early on in the appraisal and the development of the STACK play, where 95% of the wells are still in front of us. So we are testing the limits on some of these. And then we'll optimize more as we move forward. But in general, it's a program that focuses on returns, NPV over I and maximizing from that standpoint, not only on spacing but all the other things, all the other factors that come into it. So there is upside obviously. I mean we're doing 12 wells per section in Showboat. They don't all look like Showboat necessarily. Then there's going to be variability across the program. But obviously there is we think longer term upside to the six wells per section. Wade, do you want to add anything to that?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: I think the only thing I would add, Dave, is that it's important I think to understand the recent historic development of the play, in that a lot of the early estimates for the play and even our last set of official guidance around six wells per section, that was done under the context of, in each section there's clearly a best reservoir target. And as we have prosecuted the play and appraised the edges and appraised different landing zones, the upside we saw is that more than one landing zone in most of these sections is productive and economically competitive. And so clearly that likely will increase overall inventory for the play. And so we're obviously purposely testing that in each of these developments this year. When we finish those, we'll be able to kind of put our pencil down and provide revised guidance around what we think our inventory numbers will be and what our actual full field development plan will be in the core of the play.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Guys, I don't want to labor this point. But just to be clear, Wade, you enter a process of updating type curves over the last year or so. I'm guessing that's just a grossly over simplistic way of looking at this full field development. But I just want to be clear. Was that a full field devolvement type curve? Or was that like a single parent test type curve that you had given out previously?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, this is Scott. I'll explain the nature of the type curve. And then maybe Wade could provide some additional context. But the type curve that we put out over a year ago was predicated on largely a parent leasehold drilling with some modest infill spacing assumptions in the upper Meramec zone, which is the top reservoir target in the volatile oil core. That being said, I'll hand it over to Wade, and any context of how you think about it going forward.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think that your comment about a single type curve been overly simplistic is spot on. Because as I've noted, we now have multiple landing zones that we're going to target in each section. Those different landing zones have slightly different reservoir properties. We also are mindful that we've shifted from a parent well, developed – or a parent well approach to now we're doing full field infill development. And I really reference back to Dave's comments around trying to maximize the return and capital efficiency of every dollar we spend. So ultimately, we are likely going to be willing in some places to take a little bit lower EUR per well, as we can drive even lower capital costs per well. And so we're really working to find the sweet spot balance there.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very, very clear.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: All right. Just say, Doug, don't forget about the capital efficiencies. We are – these are great questions around the type curve. But also the capital efficiencies that we're getting with these developments are really driving the returns higher.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I think your partner, Continental [Resources], laid it out pretty well last quarter. I think we know where we're headed with this. Scott, that wasn't question two. My follow-up is really just a very quick strategic question, Dave. I don't want to put you on the spot too much on your strategy, your strategic asset sales and so on. But I wonder if I could just ask you to just opine quickly on your strategic commitment to Canada and the current EnLink ownership structure. And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, as you might suspect, that's a great try from you. But I'm not going to get any more specific than I currently described on it. And so we have a lot of options around it. We understand these options really well. But I don't think it's in our best interest to be any more specific.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Awesome. Thanks for taking the question. Thanks, guys. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Going back to that probably debate from a great position with regards to efficiencies and CapEx. Definitely hear you, you don't want to lose the operational efficiencies and synergies. Are there other areas within the capital program that become less core as a result of the efficiencies you're seeing in certain plays? And as you think big picture, when you see efficiencies or for that matter greater cash flow from higher oil prices, is it better to push growth in CapEx higher over the longer term? Or rather maintain growth with less CapEx, leaving more room for free cash flow and share repurchase?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Hey, Brian, this is Jeff Ritenour. Yeah, I would say the latter. I mean that certainly is our game plan and approach. We're expecting to generate significant growth in cash flow as we work through the remainder of this year. As Dave talked about, we may trend towards the higher end of our capital program. But we expect to generate significant free cash flow. And right now we have that excess free cash flow earmarked for share repurchase and return to the shareholders.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then I don't believe anyone has asked an Eagle Ford question. It's noticeable that you expect a bump higher in production during second quarter. I think you've commented in the past some of the best rate of return wells are in the Eagle Ford. Is that still the case? And while realizing there's a partner involved in the capital decision process, what do you see as the limitations to yourselves or anyone else running those assets, increasing activity?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Brian, we like the Eagle Ford. It does have the highest margin production in the company. It's got probably some of the most prolific returns of anything we do in the company. And it's extremely predictable. So we do like that. I think we've talked in the past that we have a fairly narrow horizon associated with just the lower and the upper Eagle Ford opportunities. We're continuing to prosecute those. And you're seeing some IDs come on here shortly that will boost production over the previous quarter. In addition to that we're getting a lot of maturity about the opportunities associated with the Austin Chalk and also an opportunity that we call redevelopment, where we can go back in and lay some wells and mitigate some of the partial pressure depletion we've had from some of the existing wells. And so all told and on an unrisked basis, we still think there are 500, 600 wells out there that we're still chasing with additional data. The relationship with BHP is very close and very tight. We feel like we're aligned on the technical side. They're going through a process right now. We have a couple of rigs working and some frac crews in the field. And we'll continue really about the pace that we are at right at this point. But we will be pushing and excited to see some data points come in second half this year, early 2019 in the Austin Chalk and the redevelopment concept. And we feel like that's going to open up a new opportunity for us in the project.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Congratulations on the quarter.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Could you talk about the Second Bone siltstone a little bit. Seems like it's a new play that you brought out this quarter. How is it geologically unique, thickness, typical commodity mix? And in particular is it an additional Second Bone zone? Or is it substituting for some other [Second] Bone zone that maybe drops off elsewhere?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, this is Rick Gideon again. It's an additional Second Bone zone. I will tell you, it depends on where you're at in the field on the thickness. It's a siltstone that sits at the top of our – between our First and Second Bone. It depends on where you're at. But we're seeing good permanent porosity in this given area, enough H, as you see. I think we've called out a couple of wells there in our Boomslang area of around 1,700 BOE per day. As we take a look, the size of the prize, it won't span across the entire basin. But it is prolific enough that we will continue to develop in this area.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great, yeah, that's helpful. And my second question, I was surprised to see the Parkman and the Teapot activity is driving growth in the quarter, plus the attractive low well cost. Because I thought the Rockies program was primarily focused on the Turner, so that may have been my mistake. But I was just wondering, is there an increasing interest in these other zones? Or were these wells sort of one-offs?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: This is Rick Gideon again. Those wells are not one-off. We are continuing to focus on the Turner. While we're in our early appraisal in the Turner in our spacing, we're continuing to execute on our Teapot and Parkman wells, which we've executed historically on. You'll see us continue to bring some of those into the program, as we work up and down those channels and continue to bring on additional Turner wells.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: But is it safe to say that – because I know that you've talked about longer term you'd like to get to the point where you can get into some sort of manufacturing mode in the Rockies. And that's a little bit troublesome, because it tends to be sweet spots. But is the overarching plan at this point to try to find the largest Turner area that you can develop in a way similar to what you're doing in the STACK and in the Delaware Basin? Then maybe exploit some of these Parkman/Teapots as little sweet spots when they come up? Is that sort of the way to think of it?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: I think you stated that well. I would say we're looking at multiple Turner areas and multiple horizons in the Turner. So we're looking at how we can best develop, and you've seen some of our spacing tests in the upper and the lower Turner. Let's not forget we're still looking at the Niobrara in that area also, which we think could have very large upside. But as we continue to execute through those programs, you will see some additional Parkman and Teapot.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. That's very clear. I appreciate it.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: And we're now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if we didn't get to your question, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Thank you, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp. Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp. Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp. Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance and detailed operations report. Additionally, for the call today, I want to make sure everyone is aware that we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. These slides are available on our website, and we will make sure to refer to the slide number during our prepared remarks so that everyone can follow along. With today's call, I will cover a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager. Dave will provide his thoughts on the strategic direction of Devon, which we have branded as our 2020 Vision and how we expect our business to perform over the next three years. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, will provide detailed commentary on our fourth quarter production results, along with other key operational themes. And then we'll wrap up our prepared remarks with a review of our financial strategy by Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer. Turning to slide 2. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, and good morning everyone. As Scott mentioned earlier, Tony will cover fourth quarter results later in the call. My comments today will focus on our outlook for 2018 and the strategic direction of Devon over the next several years, which we have branded as our 2020 Vision. However, before I get into my prepared remarks, I want to address a topic that we have received a lot of questions on, and that is why we have not authorized a share repurchase program. Let me be clear. As we generate more cash through our operations and asset divestiture programs, we will reward our shareholders through higher dividends and opportunistic share buybacks. However, our near-term priority is to use a significant portion of our large cash balance to reduce the debt associated with our upstream business. Why is this our top near-term priority? With our world-class Delaware and STACK positions shifting to full development mode, it is absolutely critical that we possess a top-tier balance sheet in order to maintain consistent activity levels through all cycles. Commodity prices go up and down, but our plan to execute on a steadier and more measured development program through all cycles will optimize returns and value associated with our development programs. And while we certainly could have authorized a couple billion dollar share repurchase program today and had our stock price positively respond to this type of announcement, it is not the correct move for Devon right now. Our business is performing at a very high level, and with the continuation of current commodity prices, coupled with imminent asset sales during 2018, I am confident in stating that there will be increasing shareholder returns this year. Moving to slide 3. With our world-class assets in the Delaware and STACK shifting to full-field development, I can confidently state that Devon has reached an inflection point as a company. With our low-risk development programs focused in our top-tier U.S. resource plays, we expect to deliver a dramatic step change in capital efficiency while delivering attractive corporate-level returns. In 2018, we plan to invest approximately $2.3 billion in our upstream properties with the majority of this capital concentrated on high-return developments in the economic core of the Delaware and STACK. This focused development plan allows us to bring online greater than 25% more wells than in 2017 for a very similar amount of capital investment. Additionally, this program is self-funded at our base planning scenario of $50 WTI pricing. On a retained asset basis, our capital plans in 2018 are expected to drive U.S. oil production growth of roughly 14% compared to 2017. Importantly, the trajectory of Devon's U.S. oil production profile is expected to steadily advance throughout the year and exit 2018 at rates greater than 25% higher than the 2017 average. I do want to be clear on this. We have no shortage of highly attractive growth opportunities within our portfolio and could definitely grow at much higher rates in 2018 if we chose to optimize top line production with our capital allocation. However, we are absolutely committed to doing business differently in the E&P space and we are optimizing our capital allocation to maximize corporate-level returns while delivering capital-efficient cash flow growth. We fundamentally believe that a steadier and more measured investment program through all cycles is the correct strategy to efficiently expand our business and maximize Devon's valuation in the marketplace as opposed to pursuing maximum production growth in any one given year. Turning to slide 4, while Devon's business outlook in 2018 is very strong, I am much more excited about the expanding profitability and improving returns our business is capable of delivering on a multi-year basis. However, before I get into the specific performance targets associated with our three-year plan, I do want to cover the strategic principles that underline or underpin our business model and will guide our behavior over the next several years. First, to maximize and steadily expand the cash flow of our upstream business, we will continue to deploy leading technologies to optimize the productivity of our base production wedge. We also will aggressively work to improve our per-unit cash cost to get the most value we can out of every barrel produced. And while maximizing cash flow is a top priority, we are in a depletion business that requires significant reinvestment. Given this dynamic, continuous improvement and capital efficiency will separate the winners and losers in this highly competitive space. And at Devon, our ability to stretch every investment dollar further is one of our top competitive advantages going forward. With our industry-leading multi-zone development techniques at the Delaware Basin and STACK, we are positioned to deliver not only dramatic improvements in capital efficiency, but also substantially increase the net present value of our acreage through improved recoveries and more efficient operations. With our Delaware Basin and STACK assets rapidly building momentum and operating scale, we are committed to simplifying our asset portfolio by selling less competitive assets. While we'll not go into the details of which assets we are currently evaluating to sell, we will be patient and sell assets only at the right price and as market conditions allow to ensure we bring forward the appropriate value for our shareholders. Another critical objective is to further improve our investment-grade financial strength. Our goal is to achieve a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.0 to 1.5 times and maintain the ratio in a sustained $50 WTI price environment. As I touched on to begin the call, another very important strategic intent of our 2020 Vision is our commitment to returning increasing amounts of cash to shareholders. Jeff will provide more details on both our debt targets and the return of cash to shareholders later in the call. Moving to slide 5, we expect the strategic principles supporting our 2020 Vision to advance several key performance targets over the next three years. Keep in mind, with these targets we're simply showcasing how we expect our business to perform under a flat $50 WTI and $3 Henry Hub price deck. As we all know, industry conditions will evolve, and when they do, we will recalibrate our actions to optimize returns and capital efficiency. First and foremost, with this disciplined game plan, we expect to deliver fully burdened corporate-level returns in excess of 15%. In conjunction with these attractive corporate returns, we expect capital requirements over the next three years to be funded within operating cash flow at a $50 WTI price point. Under this scenario, our capital programs will drive oil production growth of greater than 25% annually in the Delaware and STACK, advancing our total U.S. oil production by around 15% per year over this time period. In addition to growth in high-value production, another key component of our strategy is to enhance profitability through the aggressive improvement of our cost structure. By 2020, we expect a combination of lower operating costs, declining interest expense and an improved overhead structure to translate into per-unit cash cost savings of approximately 15%. These cost savings, combined with strong oil production growth for the Delaware and STACK, will expand Devon's upstream business cash flow by more than 15% annually through 2020. Put another way, given our advantaged portfolio, we will be able to attractively grow our business on a sustainable basis at a flat price deck of $50 WTI pricing. We will also have tremendous torque to the upside at higher prices as well. At $60 WTI pricing, we would be able to generate $2.5 billion of cumulative free cash flow over the next three years. As we build critical mass in the Delaware and STACK, we also are working to maximize shareholder value by simplifying our asset portfolio. Given our resource-rich asset base, we see the potential to monetize in excess of $5 billion of noncore assets in a very thoughtful and measured fashion over the next few years. Combining these asset sale targets with our free cash flow generation capability at $60 WTI pricing, Devon's total cash inflows in excess of our planned capital requirements over the next three years could range up to 40% of our current market capitalization. As this excess cash flow manifests itself during 2018 and beyond, I emphasize again, we will reward our shareholders through higher dividends and opportunistic share buybacks. Moving to slide 6. Another positive initiative underway at Devon is the steps we are taking to further align our management incentives with that of shareholders. In 2018, Devon will incorporate two return-oriented measures into our compensation packages. As you can see on the slide, one measure will calculate cumulative returns on capital employed, while the other will calculate returns in our current drilling programs. Both return measures will be burdened by all corporate costs, which include G&A, corporate capital, land and all other technology initiatives. Additionally, we are going to advance other shareholder-friendly initiatives in 2018 that would improve the transparency of our business results such as improved environmental sustainability reporting. I will provide updates on these initiatives in future calls. At this point, I will turn the call over to Tony Vaughn for additional commentary on our operations. Tony?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. On slide 7, I'd like to begin my prepared remarks today by providing some additional context around our fourth quarter production results. Our oil production shortfall for the quarter was primarily driven by oil volumes within the U.S. due to the timing of well tie-ins associated with non-operated activity in the STACK. In aggregate, these near-term timing issues limited our U.S. production by nearly 10,000 barrels per day of oil in the quarter. Two thirds of this volume impact was attributable to the timing of non-operated pad developments from multiple partners within STACK. Importantly, this issue in the STACK is now behind us, with the tie-in of more than 50 non-operated wells in early January. The spike in non-operated activity drove our current daily rates in STACK to approximately 130,000 BOEs per day, an increase of greater than 10% compared to the fourth quarter average. To be abundantly clear, the production shortfall in the fourth quarter was not related to reservoir performance or the pace of our operated well activity. In fact, in the fourth quarter, our operated well results were some of the best in Devon's 46-year history. Our top 30 operated wells in the quarter averaged initial 30-day rates of greater than 2,500 BOEs per day. Combined with the ramp-up of volumes in the Delaware Basin in early 2018, the production from our two franchise growth assets is currently approaching the 200,000 BOE per day barrier and is on track with our plan to grow oil production by greater than 35% from those two assets in 2018. Moving to slide 8. As we have talked about length today, the 35% plus growth we expect from our world-class assets in the Delaware Basin and STACK during 2018 is driven by our transition to full-field development. Importantly, the majority of this activity in the upcoming year will leverage our multi-zone development schemes in the economic core of the Delaware and STACK. As you can see on this slide, with this leading-edge development concept, we have more than 10 multi-zone projects scheduled in 2018, with several of these projects already underway. Early results from this leading-edge development concept further support our conviction that this is the innovative approach with the best way to efficiently convert stack pay and cash flow and production. On slide 9, at the Anaconda project in the Delaware Basin, our initial multi-zone development, we achieved capital cost savings of approximately $1 million per well compared to traditional pad developments. These cost savings were driven by the benefits of centralized processing facilities, faster drill times, completion efficiencies that reached up to 14 stages per day at this project. In addition to the $1 million per well cost savings, well productivity at Anaconda was also very strong. Average per well 30-day production rates at the 10-well Anaconda program reached 1,600 BOEs per day. Overall, a great result for our first attempt, but we definitely expect to improve with future projects. In fact, an early example of this continuous improvement is that our second multi-zone project in the Delaware, the 11-well Boomslang project, at Boomslang, rig productivity reached nearly 1,400 feet per day, breaking the previous record drill time achieved in Anaconda by nearly 15%. Completion operations are underway, and we expect to have more positive news to report on Boomslang and several other Delaware projects in the next quarter. Now turning to slide 10, initial results from our multi-zone work in STACK are also very encouraging. At the Showboat project, drilling operations for the 24-well program concluded in January, ahead of schedule, with average rig productivity exceeding 1,000 feet drilled per day. This represents a 30% improvement in drilling efficiency compared to prior leasehold drilling in the area, translating into an average savings of about $500,000 per well. To the west of Showboat, our Coyote development project is also progressing. Drilling operations at Coyote have also shown positive results, with drilling times improving by as much as 25%, over the course of this 7-well project compared to historical single well activity in the area. Completion operations at Coyote are currently ongoing, but our initial well from the Coyote development is now flowing back, achieving 24-hour IP of 8,200 BOEs per day, 8,200 BOEs per day, of which more than 60% of that is oil. This is by far the highest well productivity we have seen to date in the play. So as you can see, our full-field development work in both the Delaware Basin and STACK is off to a great start. On slide 11, a key component of this strong execution that should not be overlooked or underestimated is the operational planning and supply chain efforts underway at Devon that are critical to ensure the certainty of services and supplies to deliver on our capital plans. While the service market is unquestionably tight right now, especially in the Permian Basin, our supply chain team has proactively secured rigs and pressure pumping services at competitive prices to execute on our capital plans in 2018 and 2019. The multi-year development plans we have designed for each asset, along with a disciplined hedging strategy, allowed Devon the opportunity to secure long-term relationships at below-market rates with top providers. On the drilling side of the business, we had the rigs we need under contract to execute on our 2018 program. In fact, we entered the year at around 20 rigs, and due to efficiencies associated with our multi-zone developments, we plan to gradually reduce our rig count to exit the year at about 16 to 17 rigs. While industry will see some increases in day rates and drilling-related services, our contracting strategy and efficiencies in the Delaware Basin and STACK are expected to more than offset this inflation. In aggregate, we will generate cost savings on the drilling side of our business through our improving efficiencies. Another key area of tightness in the marketplace is pressure pumping. Within the Delaware Basin and STACK, we have largely secured our horsepower requirements in 2018, with plans to utilize seven dedicated crews. In addition to the raw horsepower, we have also have contracts in place for the majority of our sand requirements, water, diesel, chemicals and last-mile logistics in 2018. Our strategy of debundling completion services and efficiencies from our multi-zone projects will result in significant cost savings in 2018. So overall, across all phases of our business, we have agreements in place for more than 75% of our total capital requirements during 2018. While we do expect industry service cost inflation to be somewhere in the mid to high single digits in 2018, we believe our efficiency gains in the Delaware and STACK are projected to more than offset these higher costs. Another area that we have done a lot of good work on is with our marketing and flow assurance. We have firm transportation covering a significant tranche of our production in both the Delaware and STACK. And in Canada, we have basis hedges covering around half of our production at $15 off WTI. These attractive hedges are currently worth approximately $300 million. Bottom line, with this good upfront planning work from our operations, marketing and supply chain personnel, we are well positioned in a tight market. And with that, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Tony. For my prepared remarks today, I'd like to discuss our financial priorities within the context of our 2020 Vision and highlight the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. As you can see on slide 12, we have tremendous amount of flexibility when it comes to our financial position. We exited the year with $2.7 billion of cash on hand and expect this balance to meaningfully increase in the very near future once we finalize our Johnson County divestiture in the Barnett. With regards to Devon's capital allocation, our first priority is to fund our operational plans in the Delaware and STACK as these early-stage assets transition to full-field development. Growth in these assets will drive additional operating and capital efficiencies along with higher overall margins for the company. Importantly, we expect to fund both our maintenance and growth capital requirements for the company through 2020 within operating cash flow at a $50 WTI price deck. Another key financial priority is to achieve and maintain peer-leading investment-grade financial strength. To this end, we have set a target leverage ratio of 1 to 1.5 times debt-to-EBITDA. With the addition of our Johnson County divestiture proceeds to our cash balances, we expect to reach the targeted ratio range early in 2018. Given our strong liquidity, we will begin utilizing a portion of cash on hand to tender for outstanding debt. This absolute debt repurchase will reduce our go-forward annual interest expense and help us achieve the targeted 15% cash cost savings Dave mentioned in his opening comments. We will finalize size and timing of our initial debt tender in the coming weeks, but I expect this initiative to reduce our absolute debt by as much as $1.5 billion during 2018. Beyond this initial debt repurchase, we will balance additional debt repurchases against our other financial priorities, but will remain committed to sustain our targeted net debt-to-EBITDA ratio in a $50 WTI price environment. Another critical component of our financial strategy is the return of excess cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. From a dividend policy perspective, our goal is to sustainably pay and steadily grow the dividend. We are targeting a manageable payout ratio of 5% to 10% of our operating upstream cash flow at our base planning scenario of $50 WTI pricing. In addition to the quarterly dividend, with excess cash from asset sales or a windfall from higher commodity prices, we expect to reward shareholders through opportunistic share buybacks or potentially a special dividend. We will provide more updates on this topic in the future disclosures as excess cash flow manifest in 2018 and beyond. Shifting briefly to tax reform. The recent changes in U.S. tax law were favorable to Devon and have enhanced our ability to return cash to shareholders in the future. While tax reform did not materially impact our fourth quarter or full year 2017 results, the tax reform will positively impact our ability to repatriate foreign earnings back to the U.S. In the future, the free cash flow generated from our Canadian operations can be transferred tax efficiently to the U.S. to help fund our growing, high-margin asset base. Outside of tax reform, we completed a legal entity restructuring in Canada in 2017 that will significantly reduce our current tax expense going forward. The tax reform and legal entity restructuring resulted in material entries to our deferred taxes, driving some of the noise you see in our effective tax rate for the quarter and year end. And finally, I do want to recognize our accounting team here at Devon and their efforts on the conversion from the full cost accounting methodology to successful efforts. A lot of long hours and hard work went into making this change in accounting policy. We believe successful efforts accounting provides several benefits, including greater transparency into the financial performance and better comparability of results to peers. Going forward, we expect the change to help us highlight the superior capital efficiency of our core assets. We have included a supplemental disclosure packet on our website that highlights the changes on a reported quarterly and annual basis for 2017 as a result of the conversion to successful efforts methodology. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Jeff. We'll open the call to Q&A now. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have any further questions, you can reprompt as time permits. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dave, I understand you don't want to be specific on potential asset sales, but I wonder if I could just ask you to opine a little bit on two things, where the Powder River fits in your development outlook. Because either it looks to us like we see we're going to get a core asset or it's been primed for sale, and I'm leaning towards the former. And my second issue I guess, related to the same thing is, what's in the development outlook that you have, particularly in the Delaware, what is the strategic role that EnLink plays going forward? And I'm just curious whether EnLink is part of the $5 billion target potential asset sales over the next several years. And I've got a quick follow-up, please.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, Doug. Well first off, it's very clear that the two key core assets for Devon going forward are the Delaware and the STACK play. We have positions there that are as good as anybody's, and we are having outstanding results and they are going to drive the growth in the company for the next few years. And they're going to take the bulk of the capital for the next few years. Outside of that, we do still have some great assets in other areas, including the Powder that you mentioned, Barnett, Eagle Ford in heavy oil as well as the EnLink. Specifically in regard to the Powder, we like the opportunities we're drilling there in the Turner. We see some potential there in the Niobrara as well, and we're going to be drilling some wells there. We think there's a good growth opportunity. But again, it's not going to reach the scale of the STACK and the Delaware. So I'm not going to get more specific than just to describe that obviously, the two most important are the STACK and the Delaware. And we understand the pluses and minuses and the optionality we have around all of the other assets in our base, whether it be E&P or a midstream asset. But obviously we have a lot optionality. And the reason – I'm not trying to be coy on this at all – but we're trying to maximize the value that we can get. And market conditions change through time too. And so to announce a strategic decision one way or the other when we have a lot of optionality and market conditions change is really not in the best interest of the shareholders, we don't think. So we have that optionality there. There's a lot of ways we could accomplish this. And reiterate once again that when we do this, you can look for us to be authorizing a way to return value to the shareholders.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the detailed answer. I guess my follow-up is also on EnLink and the buyback, Dave. I mean, I guess you kind of answered the question with a 40% number, at least in terms of the scale of the cumulative cash flow you could generate. But when you look at EnLink specifically, you know I've been rabbiting on about this for a while, that the consolidation discount, the debt metrics, all the things that go along with that and the strategic role in the company, can you just lay out, is there an option where EnLink can some way be deconsolidated while still retaining the necessary strategic control you'd acquire? And is that 40% number in the three-year timeline a reasonable basis that we should be thinking about by share buybacks? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Hey, Doug. This is Jeff Ritenour. In regards to deconsolidation, from an accounting standpoint in our financials, as long as we maintain control, we're going to end up consolidating the financial results. So don't expect to see any near-term deconsolidation short of a relinquishment of that control, which would really be driven by not only a sell-down of units, but ultimately we'd have to be at a position where we weren't in a control position, whereas today we actually sit on the board as you guys know. So don't see a consolidation in the near term. From an overall investment thesis as it relates to EnLink, as you've heard us say many times, we like the investment. The distributions that we receive on an annual basis amount to about $265 million, $270 million a year. That is a material portion that goes towards funding our E&P capital budget each year. So again, and on top of that, you have the operational synergies in our core areas. So both in the STACK play and obviously in North Texas, the relationship we have with EnLink is important to us from an operational standpoint. In the Delaware, not so much today. EnLink's business is just starting to grow in the Permian, and specifically, with an overlap on our Delaware assets, there isn't significant synergies there today.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Jeff, just to be clear, the control comes from the 2% GP, right? Does that mean the equity interest down to that level could be for sale? And I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: You're exactly right. The control does come from our ownership of the GP. And really, it's a little more complicated than that, in that we own 100% of the managing member of that general partner, which deems control over the entity.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Grigel from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to focus in on the management incentive plan here, really a two-part question. Are there additional changes alongside the addition of return calculation that we should expect? And second, how should we expect to view the transparency element moving forward within those calculations?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, yeah, be glad to answer that, Paul. First off, yeah, these are going to be incorporated in our balanced scorecard that we use for the pool for our bonuses. You will see us take out a couple of measures that we have in there currently, replace those with these. We're going to be taking out the reserve adds measure and we're going to be taking out a pre-tax cash margin per BOE measure that we had in there historically. We view these as a couple of the most important measures that we'll have in that balanced scorecard. And although we haven't fixed the exact percentages of what these will represent of our balanced scorecard, I can tell you that typically our more important measures each represent 15% to 20% typically. So I would expect this to be 30% to 40% of the total calculation. But I think even as important as the actual math behind this, I can just tell you from a focus standpoint within the company and the conversations that are taking place internally at the company, that this is something that we have always been focused on it, but there's no question that it has intensified dramatically in the last six months. And I think you can see as far as the transparency, we tried to provide some transparency in our operations report as to what we are targeting. We will give you as much of the detailed formula as possible here of how we are going about calculating those measures. We can describe that now. It gets a little complicated, but we'll certainly put that in the proxy so that understand how we're calculating it. We've laid out what the targets are. And then the one measure, the cash return on capital employed is going to be something that you could easily measure straight off the financial statements. And so you can check it yourself. The other measure, which is the all-in asset return measurement, that really goes to the productivity of the wells. And so we're not going to actually provide the details of every decline curve of all of the wells that we drill there, but it'll be tied into our reserve report, which of course is audited every year. And so it's going to be a very comprehensive and very accurate measure that we feel will give as much transparency as anybody in the industry around these numbers. And again that includes all overhead costs associated with – all costs associated with the corporation. So I know a lot of them like to talk about well-level returns of 50% or 100%. We understand that's a fallacy frankly to even be talking about those kinds of things. This is where we are getting and what kind of returns are we generating for the shareholders. That's what we think's the most important and that's what we're going to provide as much transparency as we can.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: No. That's great. That's terrific. I guess changing one to 2018 guidance as a follow-up, could you guys go through some of the thoughts as you laid out 2018 guidance on either the risking of the non-op guidance moving forward as well as risking on the timing of some of your large pads? You mentioned that they may be actually coming forward, but curious how those were risked within the 2018 guidance as well as the non-op productivity.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I might kick this off and then turn it over to Tony for a little bit more details. But obviously we were disappointed with our miss on Q4 production guidance. And we took the guidance that was provided by the operators on those approximate 50 wells and that's what we plugged into our guidance. If you look at the STACK overall, it's a little bit more significant proportion of the STACK production. In other places I think around 23% or so our production is outside operated. I can tell you that we have taken a much more conservative approach to forecasting non-operated volumes in 2018 versus 2017. I guess you can say we learned our lesson there. We thought we were being appropriate, but in hindsight, some things happened that we didn't know was going to happen with those non-operated wells. Again, the key is though that all of our operated activity is just doing outstanding, but we have taken a more conservative look to the outside-operated wells. And certainly, we've taken a measured approach to our expectations of when our operated large pads are going to come on as well, to make sure that we have confidence in the guidance. So Tony, you want to take it, more detail on that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, you bet, Dave. Just to add a little bit to what you said, I think if you look at our work on these multi-zone projects, we probably have roughly about 25 to 30 projects in some level of maturity between STACK and Delaware. We're working those plans. We have a very disciplined stage gate process that we have a lot of transparency into what we're doing. You can see in our operating report, we have about 10 or 11 of these projects that are going to be really impacting 2018 highlighted here. And the way we kind of think about this is we're trying to keep the projects of the right size and scale to reap out the benefits of the efficiencies of doing these batch operations and (36:59) and utilizing centralized production facilities on a greater number of wells and pads. But we don't want them so large that we just get extremely lumpy like we might have seen when we were in the offshore business. So we've done a pretty good job of scaling these appropriately. The one large one that you see in 2018 is the project that we're on right now, which is the Showboat project. And in there, we have gotten through the drilling portion of this project and saw some great cost savings there on the drilling side. It's hard for us to explain and convey the synergies and the efficiencies we have when we get when we can park rigs, three or four rigs on a location and just execute, execute and execute. And we're seeing it in spades here on the drilling side of the business. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're also starting to see this on the completion side of the business, where we're zipper fracking not just two wells, but three wells together. And our efficiencies on that side of the business are peaking and really, the cost per well on the facility side is going to be competitive and even improving over time as we continue to utilize all these facilities. So we think this is the answer to go. I think we've commented in the past that we think the present value uplift here is 40%. We still believe that. And I think we're very pleased with the early work we've done on these that we've commented on where we are in the maturity of our ability to execute on these. So we're excited about this part of our business.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Paul, I might just add, too, that when we first rolled up our 2018 oil guidance as a company, our total number was really very, very close to the Street average that we had. What happened really more recently that caused it go a little bit below the Street average is in Canada, where we're going to be experiencing higher royalties because of higher WTI prices. And so we're going to be going from a, as you probably understand, the royalties out there are not based on WCS prices. They're based on WTI prices. And so based on that, we have taken a more conservative assumption on what we think royalties are going to average throughout the year and increase those from I think around 5% to 7% or so. And that's really caused our overall oil production guidance to fall a little bit I think below where the Street expectation was.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: No, that's all very helpful color, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo from TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, Dave and team.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just a question in your release, you highlight the potential over the next few years to reduce your costs, cash cost by about 15% on the operating level. Could you talk about some of the initiatives you're working on and where those trends might start to show up in terms of the cost savings over the next years?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, Matt, and that's going to be about $2 per BOE we anticipate reducing from that. Several different things that are going to contribute to that, one of which is obviously we're going to be growing our volumes. And so we do not see our G&A or our LOE really increasing as we grow the volumes, so the per-unit costs are going to be coming down. I can tell you we're taking very hard looks also at both of those areas as to make sure that we are really maximizing the efficiency there. And we have initiatives going on where we see scope to improve in both of those areas on an absolute basis as well. We also anticipate the interest cost coming down. Jeff has talked about the debt paydown, and so that's going to also. So you put all three of those together, we see about a $2 per BOE improvement. I might also mention that we're all anticipating, as our mix changes, and we have more oil as part of our production mix in the future, we also see about $1 per barrel improvement on the revenue side at flat prices. That's just as we move to more oily mix in it. So all told, about a $3 improvement on the per-unit basis.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you. And my follow-up question is just in regards to the asset side of the business. Could you remind us your current acreage exposure in Ward County, south of the state line and just thoughts around capital allocation on that asset over the next years given the focus in the northern Delaware Basin at this point?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Just as a rundown of our overall Delaware position, we have about 300,000 surface acres, and about 90% of that's north of the state line area in New Mexico. So directionally, on the Texas side, we have 20,000 to 30,000 acres. Not all of those are in the counties that you referenced, but mostly concentrated in that area.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And if I can expand on your question a little bit here, we talked a little bit about the $5 billion of asset divestitures. And so the way that we look at that is we, and once we complete the Johnson County divestiture in the Barnett, which we frankly wish that had been done by the time of this call, but we think that is right around the corner from us here. And we're very confident that that's going to get completed here by the end of Q1. But once we do that, from our first phase of divestments, we'll have accomplished $1 billion or more of divestments. We see about $1 billion more of incremental portfolio cleanup that we can do with only minor impact on production. And that could include areas, like you mentioned, Matt, as part of that overall strategy. And we are in the process of putting that plan together and finalizing that plan, and you'll see us executing on that plan in 2018. So that would get us up to about the $2 billion number. And then beyond that, that's when we really get into the more strategic decisions. And again as I've said, it's our primary growth areas are the STACK and the Delaware. And beyond that we'll look at everything else that makes sense on an opportunistic basis.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: My question about the non-op strategy. It sort of hits you a bit in the STACK, and you have some activity in the Eagle Ford that's non-op. Are you happy with your level of non-op or is that something you'd clean up over time?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Bob, I think and generally we're happy. If you just look at the component of non-op to the company, on a total capital basis, that's certainly less than 10% of the company spend, and on a production basis it's about 12% if I remember the numbers right. It happens to be concentrated, a large portion of that OBO volumes happen to be concentrated in the STACK play and that's really the cause of this one miss. And you know our STACK team, we really operate the OBO component much like we do the operated component, so we're very in tune with what our operators are doing. We have technical meetings with those. We try to participate in a lot of activity in STACK just so we have a ample library to help us on the operated side. We probably have the deepest inventory of data of any of the operators in the STACK. So there's some true benefits to us having that component in STACK and that's helping us. The relationship that we've had with BHP is similar to what it's been over the past few years in the Eagle Ford. And there, we're operating a couple of rigs this year. The way the Eagle Ford tends to work is when we have frac crews in the field and working new completions, we see a dramatic boost in rate, and when we don't, you see a pretty steep decline on that. And we're prepared to put a couple of rigs back on the completion side of the business in the Eagle Ford. So we saw a little bit of a decline moving from Q4 to Q1 on the Eagle Ford, but it's going to really bounce back up. So I think we're happy. We got good operators and we learn a lot from those operators.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, Bob, I'm going to ask Wade Hutchings, who manages all of our STACK business, to comment a little bit on that. But I think the thing that you're going to hear is we participate in more wells than any other operator in the STACK play. And so when you see the fact that our operated activity, we've not had any hiccups. All of our wells have really performed at a very high level. That's one of the benefits of having some outside, some OBO activity, that we get a huge amount of data from a very large amount of wells that are drilled in the play, and it allows us on our high working interest wells that we operate to really produce outstanding results. So Wade can you expand on that a little bit more detail?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Happy to, Dave. I think the key thing I would note for us is the biggest value for our OBO investments in STACK has really been accelerated learnings. We're generally happy with the results that we see on a financial basis. We actually get to control which wells we elect into and wells that look marginal we'll stand out of. But ultimately we come back to the most critical thing we are trying to determine today in the STACK is the appropriate development scenario. And you see that in 2018, that makes up the bulk of our own operated investments, trying to answer how many reservoir compartments are there in the Meramec and how many wells per reservoir compartment make up an ideal development scenario. We're really accelerating that learning because we're participating in multiple development pilots today with several of the key operators in the STACK. And so again, I'd just reiterate, we get a very large amount of value on accelerating our learnings for how we're going to move into full-field development in the STACK today.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, great. That's clear. Thanks for the details.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Dave, my first question is with regard to the master development plan approach that you're taking with the BLM. Looks like you increased your approvals from 2 to 4 MDPs in the quarter. And if I read it right, there's an aspirational goal of up to 1,600 permits, which sounds like a multiyear inventory. I was just wondering, in particular can you discuss what commitment the BLM is making to Devon when it approves these MDPs and how it's going to shape your development.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, be glad. And we have also in the room here today Rick Gideon. Rick handles all of our Delaware activities as well as our Rockies activities. And so I'm going to let Rick – he's eminently familiar with all this and I think he'll give you a more thorough answer than I will. So Rick?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Dave. When we take a look at these MDPs, the overall plan is so that we can get permits not just on subsurface, but surface right-of-way, takeaway, battery, et cetera. So what we can do is cover the NEPA, the surface area all at one time. In doing this, it helps the BLM to be able to do more permits in a timely manner. So we work very closely with them, have a very good relationship. Once you have that approved, it then works on to the APD. Upon approval, the commitment from the BLM by statute is 30 days after we get those approved.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. So then really shouldn't think of this in terms of being like a multiyear thing. It's more maybe like an annual thing that's going to roll from year to year, and then when you get the approvals from BLM, you'll decide which ones you want to move on and which ones not. Is that sort of the way it works?
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we're always prioritizing our asset, so the MDPs you will see are in the prioritized portions of our field, the best parts of the best rock. When we plan, we do plan for these multi horizons. And as we find out more information, you could see some minimal change to the drilling plan on whether a certain horizon is included, how many wells per section. But as we go into the planning for right-of-way, for takeaway, for battery, we plan for success. And so you'll see some changes within each of those MDPs. But we're prioritizing the best parts of our field.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, well yeah, that's helpful. My other question is using Anaconda as an example, but I mean you could refer to any of your major projects, Boomslang, Seawolf, whatever you like. You developed 10 wells in three landing zones. You said that centralization created all kinds of efficiencies, and it saved $1 million a well. What I'm trying to get a vision of is things like how many more wells and how many zones do you expect to drill in Anaconda in the future and in what size batches? I'm trying to get a sense of how you balance between the multi-zone development advantage that you've talked about while not overcapitalizing the project infrastructure.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Rick's going to handle that question again, so.
Richard A. Gideon - Devon Energy Corp.: As we build these batteries, we're planning, and you may hear us utilize a term, drill-to-fill, and I'll utilize this both for the Delaware and the STACK. As we come back, we can reutilize that battery for the rest of the wells in that section. Depending on where it's at, when you take a look at an Anaconda, obviously we can finish the Leonard. We've already developed the Bone Springs in that area. But as we come back to these different independent zones that are not dependent or sharing the same pressure regime of some of these, we can reutilize that battery in the same section or even sections next to that section when we come back and drill. So you'll see even more use of that centralized battery as we move forward.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. So the point is, the infrastructure is not necessarily just tied to the one project that we hear about, but it might be able to be parasitized in a useful way to (51:44)?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think that's the way to think about it. If you look at it on a map, these developments that we're doing, there are still a lot of areas immediately around these developments that are not yet developed. And so this infrastructure can be used as we develop those other areas as well.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dave, to you and your team.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning, Charles.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: I wanted to ask a question, and I apologize if someone else touched on this, but I may have missed it. But I believe Tony talked about this 8,200 barrel a day well at Coyote. And I wonder if you could go back over, talk about some of the specifics of that well. Presumably, it was a long lateral, but if you completed it any differently and how that result fit versus what you were expecting kind of pre-drill or pre-completion.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: No, nobody else talked about it. We could have four or five more questions about it if you want, but no, it's obviously a great well but we're going to have a lot of good wells out here. But, Wade, do you want to talk about it a little bit more?
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure, happy to. So, Charles, this well that we're referencing is the first well in our Coyote development project that has come online. It is actually very close to another well that we released results on in fourth quarter, the Faith Marie well. That well ended up with a 30-day IP of around 4,700 BOE a day. Again, the 8,200 BOE per day is just a 24-hour IP, but very encouraging results. It's in the kind of northwest part of the Meramec play. The target in that area is in the lower Meramec. And frankly, what we're seeing there is just excellent reservoir properties. And so we look forward to the rest of the Coyote wells coming online, and then you'll see other projects of similar size come online over the next one to two years in that area.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you for that detail. Am I getting the right message, that if you view the big driver being excellent reservoir properties in the area, that this is more likely to be representative than an anomaly, at least for this pad?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well let me, I'm going to change – answer that and start off an answer and Wade or Tony can chime in a little bit here, too. That this Meramec is a little bit different than some of your unconventional plays, and it has some conventional porosity and permeability. And so you have to think about when it has that, that you may actually be able to increase your EUR and drill less wells to recover a similar amount of hydrocarbons than you originally anticipated. So we're going to find areas out there such as this, where I think our well density is actually going to be a little bit less than we maybe originally anticipated. Extremely highly productive wells, but we're going to have higher EURs also. And so from a capital efficiency standpoint, that's a really good news story. But you have to think about that a little bit differently than you may in some of the shale reservoirs where you probably may not have the opportunity to increase your EUR as much when you see the interference between the wells. So, Wade, you want to expand on that a little bit? Because that's I think a concept that's really important. Because sometimes when we hear people say, okay, we're going to develop this on four wells per section rather than six wells per section, people may look at that as a negative. Well, in some areas it may be. But here, it may actually be a positive because you're going to recover a very similar amount of hydrocarbons, just have to drill less wells.
Wade Hutchings - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think I would expand on that by noting the team here at Devon has mapped each one of these reservoir targets across the Meramec all across the play. And they do change their reservoir quality in a geographic sense. And so as we have been appraising the field over the last couple of years, that's what we've been trying to determine, is where are the best reservoir quality in each of these potential landing zones. We still got a little bit more of that work to do. But in the core of the play, we feel like we've done a good enough job to identify which zones have the best reservoir quality. And then the next question is how to most optimally develop each one of those zones. Some of those may take a lower well count per section than others because of the phenomenon that Dave described. We ultimately are seeking to get the most return out of every one of these sections, and ultimately determining the precise number of wells per layer that we want to invest in.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles, just to add a little bit of a high-level thought process to you. We've been involved in 5,000 Barnett wells. We've been involved in probably 600 or 700 Eagle Ford wells. We've talked to you about the continued optimization in the Woodford after 850 wells. So this is our business. And we try to core up and get a blocked acreage position and try to get as much data and science as we can so we can, as Wade said, optimize on value. And so this is a great storyline that you see an advantage for Devon, is just these large contiguous blocks of acreage we have that are in the heart of these plays.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Dave, Wade and Tony, that's helpful color from all of you. And I agree that a lot of people's instincts goes the wrong way. You'd rather drill one well and get the EUR from the whole section. But that seems to get lost some time. Last thing, or the one quick follow-up. I don't mean to belabor this point, but the 50 wells outside operated that got delayed, just curious if there's maybe a little more color you can add. Is that just one operator? Because it really seems like a remarkable contrast to your operations in the STACK, and I guess what I guess I'm trying to confirm or disconfirm is the idea that this might be something that's emerging out of a traffic jam in the play or something like that.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: You know Charles, I would not read this as a systemic issue for the play. This happened to be on five or six large projects in the play from some of the more competent operators in the play and it was varied. It just wasn't one operator. And what you see the different operators doing is, Wade was really describing, is collecting a lot of data so some of these projects probably got slightly deferred because of data acquisition. Some of these projects, the operators work really well here together and do our best not to bash offsetting wells. So when we have completion operations and one of our sections offset, operators will understand that and we'll alter their operations. So there's a little bit of this that we're all working together to try to maximize value. So I wouldn't read this as a systemic issue. I think actually is a pretty positive issue. Just happened in this particular 50-well program is just right at the quarter borderline. If it happened a little bit earlier in the quarter, we wouldn't even be talking about it.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful color, Tony, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning guys, and thanks for taking my question. Just looking at and talking about the $3 a barrel cash margin expansion. Wanted to check something that your guidance doesn't include things like the Barnett asset sale, and that could be, asset sales could be an additional cash margin expansion beyond what you already detailed.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Absolutely.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, we have not modeled in any divestitures into the forecast that we laid out.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Perfect. And you did say you could buy back up to 40% of your market cap?
Jeffrey L. Ritenour - Devon Energy Corp.: No. I think in Dave's commentary, what we were suggesting was the cumulative cash flow that we could develop over that three-year period, married with proceeds from the divestitures would equate to essentially 40% of our market cap.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay, cool. Thanks guys.
Operator: I'll now turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: All right. We're now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today, and I think we've got to most people's questions, but do not hesitate to reach out to us at any time today, myself or Chris Carr. Once again, appreciate your time and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Vice President of Investor Relations David Hager - Chief Executive Officer Tony Vaughn - Chief Operating Officer Jeff Ritenour - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Bob Morris - Citi Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Doug Leggate - Bank of America Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Devon Energy’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our third quarter financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance and detailed operations report. With today's call, we are going to slightly modify the format of our prepared remarks. As always, I will cover a few preliminary items. Then our President and CEO, Dave Hager, will provide his thoughts on the strategic direction of Devon. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, is going to cover the key operational highlights for the quarter. And then we will wrap up our prepared remarks with a brief review by Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer. Overall, this commentary should last around 15 minutes and then we will open the call to Q&A. Before moving on, I would like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on the call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager.
David Hager: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. As Scott mentioned, we are making some minor modifications to the format of the call today to provide Tony and Jeff the opportunity to convey key messages and technical insights about their respective areas of business. My comments today will focus on the strategic direction of Devon over the next several years, which we have recently branded as our 2020 vision. The intuitive strategic plan is to accelerate value creation from our advantaged asset base by continuing to deliver industry-leading drill bit results while improving our financial strength. With the 2020 vision, our top objective is to deliver attractive peer-leading returns on invested capital for our shareholders. While the disciplined pursuit of returns is not new at Devon, our 2020 vision will further refine our focus on maximizing full cycle returns at the corporate level. In fact, at our November board meeting, we will discuss incorporating return-oriented measures into our compensation metrics for the upcoming 2018 budgeting cycle. Our refinement and capital allocation will result in more measured and consistent investment through all cycles, positioning us to more efficiently expand our business over time while optimizing returns. This balanced operating model is in contrast to the industry's historical behavior of aggressively chasing topline growth at the ultimate expense of shareholders. This is not a populist philosophy that we are paying lift service too. We are absolutely committed to doing business differently in the E&P space, and we are taking the appropriate steps to become an industry leader with our disciplined approach to capital allocation. In short, we can lead and we will lead. While having the right capital allocations critical to achieving our 2020 vision, it is equally important to possess the right asset portfolio and get the most of these assets with superior execution. And at Devon, we are truly advantaged with our world-class acreage positions and the STACK and the Delaware basin. The quality and of these two franchised assets are unmatched in the industry with exposure to more than 30,000 potential drilling locations, concentrated in the economic core of these plays. Not only of the STACK and Delaware basin assets two are the very best positioned plays on the North American cost curve, but Devon’s large, contiguous stacked pay acreage position in these basins provide us a multi-decade growth opportunity. And with this long runway of highly economic opportunities, we are executing at a very high level. Over the past few years, Devon has the top well productivity of any U.S. operator, which is quite an accomplishment in this competitive space. And importantly, with these terrific wells, we are significantly enhancing returns by embracing leading technologies to improve drilling times, optimize completion designs and to increase our base production. As we continue to advance our development programs and build additional operating scale in the STACK and Delaware basin, the next phase of our 2020 vision is to further high grade our resource-rich portfolio. Given the massive opportunity we have in the STACK and Delaware plays, we see the potential to monetize several billion dollars of less competitive assets within our portfolio in a very thoughtful and measured fashion over the next few years. Potential proceeds from these portfolio rationalization efforts would be balanced between further debt reduction, reinvesting in the core business and returning cash to our shareholders. We expect to emerge with a highly focused asset portfolio and enhance profitability as we transition to a much higher-margin barrel. With our 2020 vision, we also plan to have a fortress balance sheet with a net debt to EBITDA target of 1.0 to 1.5 times by the end of the decade. Overall, these winning characteristic will allow Devon to deliver consistent, competitive and major growth rates along with top tier returns on capital employed. And lastly, I'll finish my remarks with a few preliminary thoughts on our outlook for 2018. First and foremost, our capital program in the upcoming year is being designed to optimize returns, not production growth. And while we do expect robust growth form our STACK and Delaware assets, this higher return in production growth was simply be an output of our outstanding asset base and strong execution. While we are still working through the details of our budget, we are directionally planning on an upstream budget somewhere in the range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion in 2018. To be absolutely clear, we expect to deliver this capital spend within operating cash flow at $50 TWI and $3 Henry Hub.  With current strip pricing above this base planning scenario, we have no plans to modify our capital range and we would expect to generate free cash flow. And I cannot emphasize this enough. This disciplined plan will represent a major inflection point for Devon due to a step change and improved capital efficiency as we shift our full field development in the STACK and Delaware basin and we leverage technology to lower our cost structure. With this highly efficient capital program, we expect to bring online more than 25% more development wells in 2018 as compared to the 2017 program. This means both more wells online and a focus on our highest return place. This high returning capital program is expected to increase oil production in the STACK and Delaware Basin by more than 30% in 2018. We will provide more detailed production guidance on other components of our production mix in the coming months, once we have better insight inside in the planned activity levels for our non-operated Eagle Ford asset.  And with that, I will turn the call over to Tony Vaughn for additional commentary on our operations.
Tony Vaughn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. My remarks for today will be focused on a few key operating things that are integral to the success of Devon's 2020 vision. First, the prolific wells we are bringing online lead the industry in well productivity and reflect quality of our underlying asset base our STACK’s operating capabilities and our willingness to deploy cutting-edge technologies across our asset base.  In the third quarter, the well productivity from our U.S. resources plays was nothing short of outstanding. We commenced production on 50 new wells that achieved 30-day rates of greater than 2,100 BOEs per day. Importantly, we delivered these high-return wells with the capital investment that was below the low end of our guidance range for the third consecutive quarter. The second key message I want to leave you with today is our capital efficiency will dramatically improve as we transition to fulfill development as we further leverage the technology to maximize performance. With the size and the scale of our STACK and Delaware positions, our top priority is to efficiently comfort the resource associated with these world-class assets into production and cash flow. To maximize the value of these stacked-pay reservoirs, our capital activity is shifting towards low-risk, multi-zone developments to increase capital efficiencies and recoveries on a per-section basis. Early results from this thoughtful leading-edge development concept were quite positive. At the end of Corner project in the Delaware Basin, which is Devon's first multi-zone development, drilling time has improved 55% compared to historic results in this area. We also attained significant efficiencies due to less smoke times, more repetitive operations, improved productivity from zipper fracs and we achieved supply chain savings by debundling our completion work. Overall, these improvements resulted in capital savings of approximately $1 million per well compared to traditional pad developments. Also of note, we were able to compress the spud to first production cycle time at Anaconda to only 5.8 months. We will continue to leverage this advantage development scheme with a majority of our capital activity going forward. In fact, we will have several multi-zone projects under development across STACK and Delaware by year end and I fully expect to report more positive results in n this topic next quarter. And finally, I'm excited about our supply chain efforts underway that will help ensure the certainty of execution with our future multi-zone projects. And as we have discussed at length today, Devon has uniquely positioned to maintain and build operating momentum for the foreseeable future with our STACK and Delaware basin assets. To profitably execute on this massive opportunity, we have integrated teams across Devon proactively securing equipment, crews, materials and takeaway capacity at competitive prices and flexible terms to ensure the resources and capabilities to execute on our capital plans. A recent example of this integrated planning effort was our ability to lock in essentially all sand requirements for our capital programs through 2018 at rates significantly below market. This accomplishment was achieved in a tight market and the advantage rates were secured by sourcing all fine sand requirements from regional sand mines in the southern U.S. Due to substantially lower transportation cost, we expect total delivered cost from our regional stored sand to be around 30% less and the equivalent grades in northern white sand without any degradation in performance. To provide additional flexibility with our operations, we have also secured appropriate amounts of local trans load capacity in both stack and Delaware to further improved final amount of logistics. These are just a few of the many initiatives underway across Devon that will help enhance returns on the capital investment and the uncertainty of our ability to execute on these development projects. So to summarize, we are building a very progressive culture that emphasizes data-driven decision making and innovation across multi-disciplined teams. This effort is consistently delivering best-in-class drill bet results, improvements in capital efficiency as we shift to multi-zone developments and we have planning efforts underway to ensure certainty of execution with our future activity. And now, I will turn the call over to Jeff for our financial overview.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Tony. I would like to spend a few minutes today discussing Devon's financial strategy within the context of our 2020 vision and build upon the points made by Dave in his opening comments. A great place to start is with a review of our current financial position. Our upstream currently at $6.9 billion of outstanding debt with no significant maturities prior to 2021. Devon also has excellent liquidity with $2.8 billion of cash on hand and an undrawn credit facility of $3 billion. In the coming months, we expect our financial strengths to be further enhance with the completion of our ongoing divestiture program. This solid financial position provides a significant optionality as we move forward in pursuit of Devon's 2020 Vision. Our top near-term objective is to fund our operational plants in the STACK and Delaware basin as these early-stage assets transition to fulfill development. Growth in these assets will drive additional operating and capital cost efficiencies along with higher overall margins for the company. This disciplined capital program will be funded directionally with an operating cash flow. In conjunction with funding our capital programs, we are also intent on reducing outstanding debt. As Dave mentioned earlier, a critical component at Devon's 2020 Vision is the commitment to further improve our investment-grade financial strength. By the end of the decade, we expect to improve Devon's leverage metrics from 1.0 to 1.5 times net debt to EBITDA as compared to our current level of just below two times. To be clear, we expect to achieve this goal with a reduction of absolute debt. We are not planning on higher commodity prices to deleverage our business. Given our strong liquidity, the first step in our debt reduction plan will be to utilize a portion of cash on hand to tender for outstanding debt. We will finalize size and timing of our tender after we complete our 2018 capital budgeting process, but we expect to further reduce debt by at least $1 billion over the next year. Looking beyond 2018, the second phase of our debt reduction plan is tied to the progression of our STACK and Delaware development programs. As these world-class assets build scale and become self-sufficient, we expect to take additional steps to high grade our resource-rich portfolio with the monetization of less competitive assets. Use of proceeds will include additional debt reduction, reinvestment in the core business and the return of cash to our shareholders. So, in summary, achievement of Devon's 2020 Vision positions the company with a top tier balance sheet in the E&P space, facilitating consistent investment in our assets and optimal returns through all cycles. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Evan, your line is open.
Evan Calio: My first question, Dave. I know in your opening comments you talked about prioritizing improving the balance sheet near term to ensure execution under a range of commodity prices and have an active asset program. How do you think about the potential return for cash to shareholders longer term on the back end of your Vision 2020 strategy? I am presuming capital efficiency will be higher in '18 with all bases in development mode and you'll have proceeds of several years’ worth of non-core asset sales on the book. So can you give us kind of color on that the distribution strategy and that maybe longer or medium term period?
David Hager: Evan, yes, that's absolutely something we are considering in a medium and longer term. Our short-term priority is to continue to build scale in the STACK and the Delaware basin and we have really optimized our capital program in 2018 to deliver what we consider the sweet spot of capital spend to deliver with the highest return as we focus our activities one on development activities with increased efficiencies with having higher -- significantly higher number of starts and completions, as I said in opening remarks, 25% or more than we had in 2017 as well as focusing those and the highest return areas in our portfolio. As we build that scale, as we execute on the 2020 Vision with further several billion dollars of divestments, we do see that we will be paying down some debt to build a fortress balance sheet to allow us to certainly withstand any sort of weaker commodity price environment in any reasonable price range. Beyond that, we do see in the medium and long term that we will be in a free cash flow generation plus potentially have proceed from the asset divestitures as those take place and we will be looking returning value to the shareholders in one way or the other. 
Evan Calio: Great. I appreciate that. And second, I know you've introduced the preliminary CapEx guidance range to $2 billion to $2.5 billion is lower than expectations but soon to be looked appeared assume a 4Q run rate or annualized run rate. On the other half of the picture, I believe you mentioned that a 25% more wells on a similar drilling dollar assumption, I mean can you give us kind of a base line of what that's assuming in 2017? I know there were some backlogs…
David Hager: That could somewhere around 240 or so, approximately, wells drilled and completed in 2017. And put simply, Evan, it would be inaccurate to take our Q4 capital run rate and extrapolate that forward to all of 2018. We have a handful of rigs that are working in Q4 in the Rocky -- one in the Rocky, one in the Barnett and a few others tests - few of one-off exploration ideas that will not be active in 2018. And so we will have a higher capital spend rate in Q4 2017 than we will average for each quarter in 2018. And then our efficiency is really just what Tony went through in many ways that we're getting into development drilling, we are realizing efficiencies from that and we are concentrating more of our total E&P capital spend on development drilling. So were getting more efficient, we’re putting more dollars into the development drilling and we're drilling the best return wells. So if you put all three of those factors together, that's why we feel really good about the program not just in 2018 but well beyond 2018. We’re getting in development mode, quite simply and that can continue for a long time.
Evan Calio: That’s great. I think a follow-up to that, to your comments. What percentage of the '18 wells would be drilled on multi-well pads versus 2017? I think I missed that.
Tony Vaughn: Evan, it is something about two-thirds of our program in '18 will be on these multi-zone projects. And I think a good readout on what Dave was talking about is really to go back and dissect the results that we had on really a serial number one, which was our Anaconda project in the Delaware Basin, and there we were able to reduce cost some 20% on a per-well basis just through the efficiency gains from these multi-zone concept.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Morris from Citi. Bob, your line is open.
Bob Morris: I mean, you mentioned focusing on the STACK and the Delaware but perhaps the best returns on a limited programs that they have been in the pad of River Basin and the Rockies. How does that fit into your program next year? And do you have the scale there or the runway to be able to accelerate that or it would be more there or how do you think about that within your portfolio?
David Heikkinen: Well, you are right, Bob. We've drilled some really nice wells that’s still early on in the Powder River Basin, but that certainly provides additional strength and optionality to the overall portfolio. I'll let Tony detail out the potential 2018 plans, but we're proud of what we've done so far and we have a lot of acreage that we have yet to evaluate there. It looks like we focused primarily in a shorter term on the turner as we described in the operations reports. But Tony want to detail it out a little further.
Tony Vaughn: Well, just to add on what Dave said, Bob, we are doing some really outstanding work. You are seeing the returns on that. We have historically been focused on some of the shallow conventional horizons from the Teapot and Parkman and those offer some of the best returns we have seen, essentially 95% overall stream. Now we are bringing on some of our turner wells. We think this is a more unconventional type play in the basin, perhaps a little bit more ubiquitous across our position. We have got a substantial permit there. In fact, we picked up about 100-plus permits from the Casper BLM office, which is quite unusual in terms of the pace of permits being approved. So we have got the capacity to stand up additional rigs and repeat high-quality results. It's going to be a matter of going through the budgeting process this year and allocating capital to the best opportunities we have.
Bob Morris: And how do you think about your footprint there? Is it somewhere that you think you could expand your footprint of all these tests working the different formations? Or is there enough running room there to really make this a core party out of portfolio?
David Heikkinen: Bob, we have got 400-plus thousand acres in Powder, so we think we have got the position that we wanted. You just really map out what would classified as Tier 1, it's something less than the 400,000 acres, but we have got a substantial portion of that locked up in between our position, our legacy position that we had on the north end of our play in Campbell County to the south end of our newly acquired position in Converse County. There is some good work going on by EOG and into the south. There is some other good work going on by just speaking of few others. So we are really in the heart of the play and has the position that we like there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Ryan your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Maybe if I could ask one on each of your key core plays. In the Permian, it was a -- I guess starting out, what's the early impression. You mentioned you drilled a three-mile lateral, any comments on what you saw there as a three-mile lateral potential for that to become a larger part of the program going forward within the multi zone development plans?
David Heikkinen: You bet, Ryan. We are flowing that well backward, we don’t have the 30 days behind us to report on that. You will hear from us next quarter, but we are quite pleased with the results of what you have today. So really on an “opportunity going forward basis,” we got a three mile lateral in Delaware. We also are in the process of preparing the flow back in three mile in the stacked play as well. I don’t know that this will displace all the 2 mile laterals that we are working on and established. There is going to be some unique footprint opportunities that allow us to go to 3 miles and I think these first two wells are proving and giving us confidence that from an operational perspective. We can drill complement and flow back and a high quality well in 3 miles.
Ryan Todd: Any ideas on extending the 3 mile lateral and the stack as well or are you keeping the Permian for now?
David Heikkinen: No, we got -- we are flowing back -- preparing to flow back our first 3 mile lateral in the STACK play right now. It’s early, so I can't report on that. But mechanically, the drilling operation went extremely well, very cost efficient to do this. We traded all of the way to the toe of the well and we are preparing to flow that well back. So there is going to be some opportunities to fill in on our footprint to 3 mile concept, but a lot of our position is going to be more relegated to the 2 mile laterals.
Ryan Todd: And then maybe another follow-up on the STACK, a couple of things. In the [cleaner] pie that was clearly the strong results, can you maybe talk a little bit more about what you learned on staking there and in the upper Meramac? And then you also said that was assigned winder in all new wells you're moving a little further, kind of pushing the boundary, is that further to the north and even to the east? Can you talk about maybe what you've seen in terms of the extent of the core of the play as you tested the boundaries a little bit?
Tony Vaughn: Ryan, we're pleased with the work that we're doing. I think you saw the report out on Fleenor work there and we're quite pleased with that. I think what we are trying to highlight there is while we got an exceptional flow back results on the flinger wells, we did this with a different cost structure than what we had historically done. And ones that simply the cost going from the [indiscernible] anything about that, but it really is really associated with the modified completion design. So we're pleased with the work that we're doing on the east side of the play. I think, if you look at our '18 work, we're going to start moving that to the north and west portion of the play. We're going to -- in fact we've already spread our second multi-zone project that we call the Coyote on the Northwest side of the play, and we've piloted some wells around there that we're quite pleased will be reporting on we'll be reporting on that in some time soon as well.
David Heikkinen: And Ryan, just to add a few more details there to Tony's comments, that was the Fleenor pilot was a stagger test within the Meramac 200. So in that area, that's the thickest zone, and so ultimately we were trying trying to maximize recoveries in that very prosperous area, so once again very successful and we'll deploy those learnings to just the next multi-zone projects that we have, so just once again you're constantly retooling what you're doing and that's just going to be an input as we head towards -- show in other projects, so.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Leggate : So, Dave, obviously this is little bit of a change from the cash inflow versus operating cash flow, I guess, that's the subtlety of your vision 2020. So I guess my question is as you focus on the two core areas given I guess the increase in inventory what does it say about the asset sales definition in terms of what becomes noncore? And I'm specifically thinking about Tony's comments around the potter, because obviously while the returns are great the scale is not relative to the other areas. So does that become a for-sale asset and just maybe some color on your thinking around scale and timing of executing our program?
David Heikkinen: Well, first off, you're right. We have made a subtle change what we say live within our cash flow from operations, and the reason for that is simply the strength that we're seeing both in terms of the capital efficiency that we're able to achieve as well as the returns we're able to achieve when we're focusing even more dollars into development side and in our highest return areas. So it's really a very good new story that we are been able to spend lower capital dollars live within operating cash flow and deliver the kind of returns that we're which again we're focused on returns on production growth but we'll see strong production growth as a result. Now as more specifically to the Powder River Basin, it's still early days in the Powder River Basin. We like the optionality that the Powder River Basin provides. We see that the on a go-forward basis, as Tony said, we will be focusing more of our activity on the turner and we really need to see a more results from the turner to really understand was some certainly how does it compete for capital versus the STACK and the Delaware plays. So we have a lot of optionality around and we have said we will divesting several million dollars of additional assets. It is because of the incredible strength of our portfolio that we have a lot of optionality that may come from. We are certain that we are going to have areas throughout our portfolio that someone could come in and drill development wells that will achieve returns well above the cost of capital but not as good as we're going to get in our poor plays. So that gives us a lot of optionality around where we decide to do those divestments from, and we haven't made a final decision on that and maybe one area or maybe a combination of acreage from a number of areas, but we are absolutely committed, though, to the vision that we have is just with the how we execute that vision we're still talking about.
Doug Leggate : My follow-up, Dave, it might be for you or might be for Jeff but it really goes to the net debt to EBITDA target and the relationship with EnLink I guess is the broader question. In years gone by, you did sell down a little bit of EnLink that’s stopped obviously, but when you look at net debt, obviously you are consolidating EnLink debt, but you’re going to be going strictly intellectual about it, deconsolidating handling with also like the marketable securities and your definition of corporate net debt the recourse to Devon level? Sorry, for the lengthy question, I guess, but what’s trying to understand is what is our future relationship with EnLink? Like how does it factor into that net-debt target and do you look at it on a just Devon basis as oppose to the consolidated EnLink basis now we do there? Thanks.
Jeff Ritenour: Doug, this is Jeff. Yes, we think about it on and the targets that we've outlined are based on a Devon’s standalone basis. So we are not including the EnLink debt or the EnLink EBITDA in that calculation. 
Doug Leggate : What about the handling to equity as marketable securities?
Jeff Ritenour: That is not included in the calculation either. Yes, if you are asking if we’ve reduced the debt for the value of the EnLink securities, we are not.
Doug Leggate : Okay, that's very clear. As far as your relationship with EnLink goes going forward?
David Heikkinen: Well, I can just add from a strategic level. First off, we like the relationship very much and we think they are doing an outstanding job and particularly supporting us in one of our key development areas in the STACK but also every area where we have common operations. So we like the relationship strategically. Now whether we would ever consider a sell-downs or not, that’s certainly not on the table at this point. I would never rule it out. As there is always an option that we have out there where we certainly have no current plans around that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Grego [ph] from Macquarie. Paul, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst : Dave, focusing on your comments around changes to management incentives, what should we expect on those changes? You mentioned that drilling rate of return as a potential metric, has there been a consideration for corporate returns level metrics like and RACE and then for any growth metrics will they be measured on a debt adjusted per share basis?
David Heikkinen: Let me start this answer off then ask Jeff to fill in on the details he can give. Again, we have not made a decision on this. We need to discuss this with our board and make a final decision, but this give you our preliminary thoughts that we will be taking to our board. The first comment I just want to make is we fully acknowledge that our industry in general has not delivered acceptable returns and we are absolute -- and I would include Devon in that, and we are absolutely committed on a go-forward basis to deliver acceptable returns at the corporate level to our shareholders, and that’s what this effort is all about is to make sure that we are delivering on that. We are focusing our capital program in order to be able to accomplish it. We have the asset base and we have the execution do it, but we are fully committed to provide one the right incentives internally to make sure that we deliver on that, and second, the transparency as best we can to the shareholders so that they can measure our effectiveness of doing this. And as I said in the opening comments, we have the ability to lead in this area and we intend to lead it. So Jeff, can you maybe talk a little more detail about a couple of the metrics that we are considering at this point. And again, there is no final decision we will give you our thought process.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, that’s right. As Dave said, it’s certainly something that we are still in discussion with our board about - well, we are going to lay out the spectrum of all the usual suspects that you would expect as it relates to these metrics. If I had to put them into two buckets, I would say one bucket is probably closer to a gap metric. So things like ROCE, or a cash return on capital employed, the benefit there obviously is the transparency and the ease of calculation to those metrics directly off the financial statements, and then maybe a second bucket which is frankly what we think is probably closer to the reality of our returns on our capital program each year, which is more of an all end-- again a corporate return, all in capital -- not just drilling capital but all capital split by the company in any given year and then the future cash flows obviously that’s going to be generated from that capital spend. That one, again as I said is we think, it's probably the better metric; however, it’s a little bit more difficult to provide the level of transparency I think that you and the investor of the universe would like to see. So we are waving and balancing each of those different options. We will discuss that with the board as Dave said later this month and hopefully lane on a conclusion. I will add as you mentioned Paul, our analysis and our historical look at all these different metrics continues to suggest that a debt adjusted per share metric is the most highly correlated with equity returns in this space. So I certainly think that whatever we land on we will have a flavor of that.
David Heikkinen: And again, just to be clear, on that second major that Jeff talked about which is our rate of return metric, we are thinking in terms of birding that as much as we can with all other cost we incur within the corporation, so you are getting that even though it's based on wells, it is really burden with all the costs that corporation, so look at more of a total corporate return from our capital program.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I guess as follow-up to that. How do you guys consider the role of hedging as well as exploration within the 2020 vision and bouncing against both annual corporate return is well a longer run, ROIC or corporate return metric?
Tony Vaughn: First in regard to exploration. We are certainly in a great position where we have such a strong development inventory as we have right now. So there is not the need in the short term for exploration in order to accomplish certainly the 2020 vision. Now if you look at longer term for the company, I think that you always have to be mindful that some level of exploration should be thought about in order to have a long-term sustainable company. But certainly in the next few years the amount of capital that will be dedicated to exploration is going to be less than you might normally think for a company of our size. Now with regards to hedging, we think that hedging is an important part of the overall company business in order to make sure that we're delivering consistent results. We also think it's important to give us confidence around the cash flow that we're going to have in a given year in order to execute it our capital program. We have designed our hedging program for hedging out approximately a third of our volumes in the given year on just what we would call a systematic basis where we just take the existing prices in the market and hedge forward for a number of quarters on that basis. And then we intend to roughly get around 50% overall hedge with the other 16%, 17% or whatever, and could very little bit from that but somewhere around that, on more an opportunistic basis. And we certainly with the strength that we've seen in the market recently that we're opportunistically hedging as we speak.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Hanold: One follow-up question on the EnLink, the response you've provided. Can you tell us incrementally what other strategic benefits are there to be joined up within EnLink. Do you have most of developments -- midstream developments done that you need in the STACK or is there still a lot of wood out there?
David Heikkinen: There is still midstream development that’s ongoing. As we speak, we're certainly getting into the development program, but there certainly is build out quite a bit of midstream infrastructures still in front of us. And obviously, the hooking up up very large number of wells on a timely basis, it's important to delivering our returns.
Scott Hanold: So certainly through '18 and maybe into '19 strategic business revision would be joined, is that fair?
David Heikkinen: No, I think that's certainly true, yes, there's a benefit there.
Scott Hanold: And my follow-up question would be related to again this thought on looking at being a little bit more balanced then potentially free cash flow positive in the future, and I think you guys made a point this year of really ramping up activity especially in the STACK and Delaware, for efficiency purpose. And so those -- obviously those areas are at cash flow deficit. I would imagine at the field level, can you just generally discuss when you look at -- the future monetization strategy would you look to really do that once those assets can support themselves because I think right now some of your -- the mature assets that don't get capital are actually free cash flow generative for those areas?
Jeff Ritenour: Scott, this is Jeff. That's exactly right. I mean, I think the way we're thinking about it internally is we'd like to see the STACK and Delaware assets to get to a more mature level. They’re relatively immature today in our portfolio, just by the nature of the assets, but as Tony described with the multi-zone development that we're going to head into much bigger way here in 2018, the capital efficiency and the cost efficiency that we're going to see in those assets, we expect them to reset kind of self-sufficiency point in the not too distant future and that will give us the confidence to embark upon a broader divestiture program that Dave described in his opening comments.
Scott Hanold: Okay, so that's self sufficiency point is probably in line with what you talk around the 2020 vision of modernizations is that right?
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, that's right. I mean we certainly would expect to reach that point, again, assuming a commodity price environment of going to 50 in three environment but within our 2020 time frame. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Just perhaps the follow-up on that question, are there assets today outside of the Delaware and STACK that you have considered as core or perhaps you can describe the attributes of the assets that you think will remain in the portfolio and along basis?
David Heikkinen: Well, the key attribute that we would look at is do they compete for capital in our portfolio and is there additional value that we can create by if there are development opportunities that may not compete in our portfolio, but that we could be paid for some of that upside from that development opportunity by someone else. And so we will be looking at areas that and certainly all of our areas we feel what you are talking about the Eagle Ford, you are talking about Barnett the pattern they have some element and there may even be areas within the STACK and Delaware on a much smaller scale basis that we may not get to. They are not absolutely core to us, but that we could look at divestment? Or these are not going to be large scale numbers but they are probably somewhere within those basins as well that not going to necessarily meet our return requirements just cause are the very high return capability of so many of our development opportunities. So that's the key thing that we'd be looking at is we think the bulk of the value creation that we do in the company is when we can deploy capital a returns it's very far above the cost of capital and that's what we do in our key development areas. If we aren’t doing that and we aren’t going to fund and perhaps someone else will see an opportunity there and pay us for the part of that opportunity.
Arun Jayaram: And my follow-up, I just wanted to check or had a housekeeping question on Jackfish. Just given the improvement in oil prices, do you expect any of those projects to reach a threshold where the royalties would increase in 2018, and also wanted to see if there is any turnaround scheduled at any of the three Jackfish projects in 2018?
Tony Vaughn: Arun, this is Tony. We do have -- we are working a turnaround one per year. So you saw us go through J3 and then previous to that J2, did a little bit of maintenance on J2 this year, so we will be back to a turnaround on J1 in summer of '18. We don’t expect a royalty change in 2018.
Arun Jayaram: Then that change at all to given any of the three projects in '18?
Tony Vaughn: No.
Jeff Ritenour: And Arun, just a real quick just to provide some color there is obviously Jackfish one is post payout. That's been post payout for quite some time. Jackfish 2 and Jackfish 3 are pre payout, and based off current strip pricing, we wouldn’t expect those to be have any meaningful adjustments in royalty factors on that front until next decade.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy. David, your line is open.
David Heikkinen : The highlights kind of in the release around a projected NPV uplift upgraded that 40% as you look forward to the STACK and Delaware kind of caught our eye, but can you help us understand kind of to find the starting point for where the NPV is in the STACK now and then how the 40% or more is there, and then same thing for the Delaware’s starting point so kind of know where you are going on that uplift for the multi-zone development?
Tony Vaughn: Dave, this is Tony. The comment about the 40% uplift in BB10 is really in comparison to a typical historic four or six-well pad. That’s just the delta that we see in front of us by utilizing this multi-zone concept. As we have mentioned before, we already saw 20% of the cost come out of the first project in the Delaware basin. We really haven’t even optimized in my mind the opportunity in front of us. And you are starting to see the concept of more batch operations utilizing sputter rigs to get the surface whole drilled followed by the conventional drilling rig to drill the production string. And the utilization, the centralized production facilities that will be equipped to handle production from multi pads have a drill to field type concept is a substantial boost. So if you just look at the typical work process and the game chart, this is the way that we are lining out all components of that and give you order to magnitude. When you take a rig on typical Delaware basin well, you take the rig and move it to another pad to couple of miles away. It's an additional 3.5 days of nonproductive time until you are back moving a bit. And simply skating over for a multi-wheel pad, you have got about a half a day of down time. So this is the type of work that we think is something we have been planning and talking about for two years. We are just now coming into this space, and again we think it’s a game-changer for the type of contiguous multi-zone switch spot type projects that we have.
David Heikkinen : I guess I'm going to try a little harder. So if I think about a four or six well pad, I mean if we just think about NPV per well of kind of $15 million to $20 million bucks and you get 40% more than that on each set of four to six wells, in fact how it ends up flowing, I'm trying to get the hard numbers on the where the four to six well pads would have been, and this an NPV, incremental NPV beyond invested capital?
Scott Coody: David, this is Scott. A lot of numbers float around there and I think ii Ill honestly that I have a spreadsheet that it’d be very happy to walk through at my desk after the call. So just to maybe keep a little bit harsh strategic questions so that I can handle later on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeffrey Campbell: We have got a lot of capital allocation questions, so I thought to stick to a couple that are more we do with field. So I'm looking at the operation support. I just want to referring to Slide 16, it shows number of interesting multi-zone projects with beginning with that condo at the top going down in the due, so I was just wondering because -- particularly because there is a number of different zones and multiple interval of all these different projects. So any of these -- anything that you would still consider to be a delineation or project or a testing zone interference or anything in any way I wouldn't want to call exploratory, but something of that nature, are these all just purely development projects at this point for efficiency?
David Heikkinen: These are all development projects, and we've done a lot of pilot work over the last couple of years, we feel like we have a really good understanding of the lateral space and requirements for the different zones that we work in. We're continuing to gain more insight into the vertical connectivity. When you go into the Delaware Basin for instance, you've got about a dozen different known commercially productive horizons there. There's a pilot work we've established what we believe to be zones that are pressure dependent on each other and some that are independent of each other. So we're utilizing that knowledge to really focus here on what we consider to be the high-return, low-risk development projects in front of us. That doesn't mean to say that we're not going to do a little bit of a spacing work or test zone in a column that we know to be pressure in communication with the rest of the column. We're going to complete a little bit of that will happen. But for the most part in the Delaware Basin for 2018, you'll see about 90-plus percent -- maybe 95% of our capital spend will be on development.
Jeffrey Campbell: And then returning to TRP, just earlier in the discussion it was mentioned that you guys have a very large acreage position there, but I'm just curious -- I think I understood Dave to said that going forward this is really going to be a concentration on the turn and of course you have the Super Mario project area laid out. So I am wondering is as you really hone in on the return going forward, will it still contain enough resource to support a core play as well results pan out and what I'm thinking is illustration on Page 17 kind of shows that the Parkman, the Teapot, the Turner. They all seem to do sort of discreet in different portions of the acreage.
Tony Vaughn: You're a little bit right. Now there are some vertical opportunities in the Turner. There's a couple of different zones in the Turner that we look at, and there's a portion of the footprint here that'll have the traditional mulita-zone potential but not like you see in the Delaware Basin, but I would tell you that in addition to the key department Turner that we talked about there's a lot of activities that's happening in the deeper horizons, the Niobrara is the source rock here. But there are some results happening just south of our footprint in the Niobrara. We got about eight producing Niobrara wells on our footprint that we acquired a couple of years ago, and on the per foot basis even though the wells the laterals were very short laterals and probably not frac with the knowledge that we have today, they're encouraging. And so if you look at the Niobrara being ubiquitous across the play source rock there, moving that into a commercial development over the next few years would be a step change for the Powder. So there's some other zones that both Devon and other some of our peers are pursuing outside of the Turner and the Parkman.
David Heikkinen: Another way to describe it too is if you look at Page 18, you can see clearly the potential does exists there and the Turner was about 400 or so high quality locations, potential -- and this is very early on in the spacing test and weather is going to play out. That way but that area could be significant, the other thing you have to think about too, and I'm not saying would or wouldn't consider this for monetization outside of some core area we defined in the pattern but you also want to know what's your potentially monetizing and what you have potentially given up and what their right value for that is to. And so even though - and one of you -- and Tony described some potential, for instance , in the it is still exist up there and you want to have some idea for what that potential truly is in order to make sure you are getting the proper value for the shareholders before you would consider that.
Jeffrey Campbell: I mean I think that's a great point, and if I could just follow-up it's just first time I'm aware that you guys are talking about the Niobrara, one word just to have something to visualize. We are thinking about some areas that might the potential to have a DJ Basin type of setup where there is and A and B and the C or is it kind of essentially be one extra zone that could be added to the Turner or suff0x or whatever else you might mess around with?
Tony Vaughn: I think it's too early to define that. I know the B and the C have been tested in the Basin , ut I'd say for our particular area we are doing to be some work in 2018 and start to understanding that and we've got a good technical team just map this southern port the southern work that has been ongoing and there is some new work that’s just north of thus that it is also helping us connect the docs in activity. So a little bit early to define what this might look like.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jamal [Indiscernible] from KPH & Company.
Unidentified Analyst : I know it's been touched on a little bit but just wanted to talk about the spending at operating cash flow again and if it's to be implied that this handling distribution are going to be used to cover the dividend and also just wanted to think about the delta between handling distribution, which are quite a bit higher than a dividend and how you all the think about that as that as they continues to pick up?
Jeff Ritenour: Jamal, this is Jeff again. Yes, you’re exactly right. As Dave mentioned earlier, several difference and how we've described our going forward game plan which is to spin within operating cash flow, so that would meet the handling distributions would be on top of that. But as you pointed, out we do have a dividend and the EnLink distributions more than offset that. So we are still between the two with that some incremental cash available. 
Unidentified Analyst : And then just quickly one to talk on at the Jacob's pad, that was whether mix in this release just kind of one to think off your updated thoughts in terms of development in 2018 for that pad specially given some of the ongoing spacing incurred by your partner?
David Heikkinen: Yes, I think we're anxious to see some of the spacing test just south of our Jacob's and Lou. I think that's going to be very informative for us to continue to design work on our particular project. We've actually engineered the Jacob's project we've continued we are thinking about deferring that outside of the 2018 capital program. Most of that thought process is really because the Merrimack and the STACK work were doing right now is so commercial and prolific. And so it's the Jacob's and the Woodford are now getting displaced by the Merrimack type opportunities from a return perspective, and as we've mentioned before, we're setting up these multi-zone developments in the in both in the STACK and Delaware. In fact, we have about 29 known projects identified that will get us through the next couple of years on these two basins alone. So we got it engineered and slavered as it competes but right now it's we are finding that we have got other opportunities that have higher returns that we will displace that.
Jeff Ritenour: And that’s some pretty important data that our partner and this development is going to be obtaining from their spacing test. It’s a pretty dramatic down-spacing with their testing there and if that works so we certainly want to know that before we commence on this Jacobs annually development.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril from Susquehanna.
Biju Perincheril: Jeff, just a quick follow-up question on the Fleenor pilot. Is that the two wells in the 200-zone testing should have the optimum landing point? Or in that area, do you have sort of enough thickness to have two separate wells within the 200 zone?
Jeff Ritenour: This is really testing the landing zone is the primary purpose of the test, and again, this is a staggered approach. We have seen some advantages by staggering even within the same specific interval. That just to settle difference tends to provide a better performance from the offset well. So it was really a landing zone with a staggered concept, and then again we slightly modified our completion design there which really moved about $200,000 out the completion and still got the results that we posted here.
Biju Perincheril: And those completion improvements, is that is replicated STACK or not. Is there any of that built into the 2018 sort of preliminary plans you’ve provided?
Jeff Ritenour: It will be. It’s a data point that we have here, so we will continue to work that. It happens to be with some of the product that we use during our completion process. So we got a data point now that was positive and will continue to better understand that. But those are the subtle opportunities that we are seeing across the board. We have got a culture of innovation in the company that frankly we haven’t seen to-date that are exploring every component of our business, and it’s a some nation of a lot of settle changes like this that’s really heading up until that present value up-list, perhaps 40% on these type of projects.
Scott Coody: We’re now at the top of the hour and there are several still in our queue. So if we did not hit your question today, please don’t hesitate to reach out Investor Relations team at any time today, which is obviously consisting with myself and Chris Carr. But we appreciate your interest in Devon and we will talk to you next time. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Vice President of Investor Relations Dave Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Vaughn - Chief Operating Officer Jeff Ritenour - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank David Tameron - Wells Fargo Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Chase David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisor
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Scott Coody, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our second quarter financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance, and detailed operations report. Also on the call today are Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, Chief Financial Officer and a few other members of our senior management team. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hager: Thank you, Scott, and welcome everyone. Devon achieved another high quality operating performance in the second quarter, building operational momentum in our U.S. resource place and accelerating efficiency gains across our portfolio. These successful efforts result are in a record study and well reserves that growth of our U.S. oil production above guidance expectations with a capital investment that was 17% below our budget year-to-date. As a result of this strong capital efficiency we are lowering our full-year capital outlook by $100 million and importantly we have not made any changes to our planned activity levels in 2017. For more details on our very strong performance for the quarter, I encourage every investor to read about our Q2 operations report. With this momentum, we are highly confident in our ability to deliver value and returns on our investments plans over the next few years as we navigate industry conditions. For 2017 our capital plan remains on-track to reach 20 rigs running by year end and we expect to maintain this operational momentum in 2018. Importantly nearly all of these plan drilling activities concentrated within our STACK and Delaware Basin assets which are two of the very best position place on a North American cost curve delivering attractive returns even at today’s strip prices. To be clear, we are not chasing product growth with our capital programs and remain keenly focused on maximizing our full cycle returns. With this disciplined approach to the business, I can confidently say that this drill bit activity is a very appropriate level of investment for Devon in this environment. Providing additional certainty to the execution of the business plan is our strong financial position. With a disciplined hedging strategy, we have stabilized our cash flow stream by locking in roughly 55% of Devon’s estimated oil and gas production for the remainder of the year at rates well above market levels. Additionally, we are steadily accumulating our hedge position in 2018, with this strong hedge book, we remain on-track to invest within cash flow during 2017, coupled with our investment grade ratings, no significant debt maturities until 2021 $2.4 billion of cash on hand and the expectation of a $1 billion of non-core divestiture proceeds over the coming year, we absolutely had a financial capacity and flexibility to execute our business plan. Given our ability to organically fund capital requirements, Devon is uniquely positioned to maintain and build momentum into future as we advance our development programs in the STACK and Delaware Basin. The quality and size of this world class opportunities ahead us unmatched in the industry. Between the STACK and Delaware Basin alone we have exposure to over 30,000 potential drilling locations concentrated in very best portions of these place. This premier asset based provides Devon with a sustainable long-term growth opportunity with the lowest breakeven economics of any repeatable resource play in North America. Additionally, as these asset shift to full-field development, we fully expect to enhance returns as we reap significant efficiency gains from our multi zone manufacturing work and further optimize our best in class operational performance with cutting edge, predictive analytics and artificial and - efforts. Looking to the end of the decade, Devon’s differentiated investment story only gets better, our resource rich STACK and Delaware Basin development programs will be in full blown manufacturing mode and the massive upside potential within these franchise assets will be further defined. As these strategic objectives are successfully met, we expect to take additional steps to further high grade our resource rich portfolio. In fact as our business evolves over the next several years, we see the potential of the monetize several billion dollars of less competitive assets within our portfolio in a very thoughtful and measured pricing. Potential proceeds from these portfolio rationalization efforts would be balance between accelerating the development of our highest rate of return inventory and debt reduction activities. With this exciting multiyear transformation, we expect to emerge with the highly focused asset portfolio and our profitability would be dramatically enhanced as we transition to a much higher margin barrel. We also intend to have a fortress balance sheet with net debt-to-EBITDA target of 1.0 to 1.5 times by the end of the decade. These winning characteristics will allowed Devon to deliver consistent, competitive and measured growth rates along with top tier return on capital employed. So, in summary before we move to Q&A, I want to leave you with a few key messages from today’s call. First, Devon is consistently delivering best-in-class Delaware results to reflect our premium assets and operational excellence. With the quality returns, we are achieving in the STACK in Delaware Basin coupled with our outstanding financial position, we are on-track to reach 20 rigs by year-end and expect to maintain our strong operational momentum in 2018. And lastly, as our massive resource set in the STACK and Delaware Basin shift to full-field development mode, we will continually high grade our portfolio by divesting assets. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have any further questions, you can re-prompt as time permits. With that Operator, we will take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Thank you. Good morning, Dave. Good morning everybody. A couple of questions Dave. I guess the one is kind of the housekeeping issue on Canada. Can you just walk us through just the issues in the most recent quarter and the trajectory as we move through the backend of the year. just trying to get a handles as to what do you think the sustaining production capacity in the auto sign at this point. And I have got a follow-up please.
Dave Hager: Great. Doug and I’m going to let Tony answer the details. Obviously, we did encounter what we consider to be a one-time maintenance event is it impacting our production. In July we’ve actually move beyond that that’s fixed that issue is, but Tony can give you the details of that. And I can tell the asset in general is performing outstanding, we just had a one-time maintenance event that’s in a rear view mirror as we sit here today and things look outstanding from this point forward. So, Tony you want to follow-up a little detail on that.
Tony Vaughn: Yes. Good morning, Doug, Doug at J2 we have these very large skim tank vessels there that are really of large diameter vessels this got dapples in it, it is designed to move water and oil through a last stages of separation and extend the retention time. And what we found was we have a pretty sophisticated leak detection system in our Jackfish projects we recognized that we had a small leak in the J2 skim tank areas. So, we got in there and recognized that what we suspect is through vibration of the flow into those dapples that were down the bolt and brackets system causing some of those brackets to drop, one dropped and punctured the bottom of that vessel. So we got in cleaned the tank out and took a look at it, we knew exactly what the problem is, so we only did that on J2. We also just did a turnaround in J3, we suspected this issue in J2, so we have been in the in two of those skim tanks in the last 30, 40 days and we will be in the third at J1 within 12 months from now. So really it was an isolated event that’s now behind us and I think we had this solution remedy and if you just look at the forward just like Dave mentioned, we have production at all three of these Jackfish plants really operating at name plate and above. In fact J2 and J3 the two that we just took down that are already rent backup and access of the name plate capacity and expect both of those to be back in the mid 40,000 barrels of oil per day. So when we get into the Q4 with the claim quarter we will be back into that 140,000 barrels of oil per day range and again a long life project in front of us. So this is just one of event that’s in the rear view mirror now Doug.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the color. Thanks for that. I guess that the follow-up is, I’m not quite sure how to ask this question efficiently. So when you look at the third quarter guidance I think at least versus the dump sale side that was a little bit late, but still you hasn’t change which I think chemist speaks to the potential lumpiness of moving to these very large developments are going to characterize the production profile I guess forward. So I just wondered if you could help us navigate that a little bit in terms of what that trajectory you had laid out with all these very large full-field developments going on, what that could look like as we go into next year and how you how ratable you expect that goes to be in I guess there is multiple pieces but I will leave it there and let someone else jump on. Thanks.
Dave Hager: If you look at the issue that happened with probably maybe a little bit like guidance compared to what some people are expected in Q3 on the U.S. oil side is we had a large number of completions in the Eagle Ford in Q1 and that caused really strong performance compared to guidance in Q1 and also carried over to some degree into Q2. But those wells obviously fall off fairly quickly. When we originally put the budget together we had anticipated a little bit more balanced on the completions in the Eagle Ford and have submit in more in Q2 it would cause a little bit higher production in Q3 and where we ended up. So in essence we completed those wells early, caused strong performance Q1, Q2, we had no Eagle Ford completions in Q2 because we got them done early and so that caused Q3 Eagle Ford to fall off a little bit more than was originally anticipated. But again extremely economic wells, some of the best in the portfolio we just moved the production forward as water boiling down to. As we get more into the full development, what is going to happen is that we are going to have multiple numbers of these multi zone developments going at anyone given time and certainly in any individual one you can say there will be lumpiness, but we think there will be enough of those. It’s not going to call us extreme lumpiness in the overall production profile for the company and keep in mind also that even as we are moving into these ,the bulk of these are going to smaller to start with and as we get further on in the development they will growing size most likely, but by then we have even more going. so that’s sure there are going to be some lumpiness to it, we anticipate with a number of lumpiness or should be the number of developments we have going on. The lumpiness will not be too magnified.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer, Dave. Thanks a lot. I know it’s a tough thing to describe.
Dave Hager: Yes. And let me just emphasize to we’re still on target to grow our U,S, oil production by 2018. And so there is no change in that guidance at all.
Doug Leggate: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hi, good morning guys. Yes. When are your STACK developments schedule for next year, Coyote, it’s in the far north western areas of your acreage. Just any color, do you think that to be party or acreage as de-risked or mature for development or is that dependent upon Coyote. And maybe more generally, if you can just discuss raw quality well performance or expected well performance difference between your focus areas in Showboat [indiscernible] and what do you expect around the Northwest Coyote?
Tony Vaughn: This is Tony here. I just kind of describe to you that we have broken down our footprint in the STACK prospect here into several different what we call the appraisal areas and of course Showboat is really in appraisal area one where we’ve had some lot of success we’ve reported on that but we’ve also been in the process both us and industry de-risking our next couple of appraisal areas. And so, the Coyote project will be in one of these top couple of appraisal areas that we have been de-risking. So, the way we look at this is we’ve got a great understanding and the Meramec 200 and the Meramec 300, you are starting to see some results come in across the board and Meramec 400 some from Devon but some from industry. We have seeing some in the west from other operators that have not performed up to the same quality of results that we’ve seen in the 200 and 300, none of that was unexpected I think from us, and I guess I got to remind everybody on the call Evan that this commitment that we have to being highly data driven is we think is really laying us out to be a the premier operator in the field. Number one, we have got what we think is the best footprint in the play, but really we have this commitment to being data driven and have acquired substantial amount of subsurface data, we’ve built that into the three dimensional earth models and that’s really the basis for all the design work going forward. So, when you look at some of the results we have over there, industry is doing a good job right now of piloting different ideas from spacing and lateral intervals to vertical connectivity type testing to just simply appraising different horizons. And we’re moving into what we think are going to be the sweet spot of each of these intervals that we’re in. So we are expecting a good performance out of the Coyote project.
Evan Calio: Great. Thanks. And maybe second if I could. Yes, Jacobs Row was downsized I guess not surprise given commentary for your partner. How do you deploy free of capital from lower non-op activity in 2018. And could you provide us some color on how do you would compare Woodford full development returns versus your STACK Meramec or your Delaware program and I will leave it there?
Dave Hager: Yes. Well obviously we look at our portfolio across the entire company and we allocate our capital to those on a risk adjusted basis provide us the highest return. And so we when we look at redeploying capital such as that, we will look across the entire company and see where the best place is. I can tell you in general that we will be redeploying any capital there back into the Meramec development or into the Delaware Basin development. Those are very good returns, so we think we’re going to get there, but we think we have - they are probably a little bit less on average, we would say that we can get from our Delaware and Meramec program but not significantly less, but there is obviously less condensate production on those than the other players were pursuing. So that’s where the capital would be redeployed.
Evan Calio: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd, with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe one question on CapEx if we look at the CapEx that you announce that the full-year, what were the primary drivers and how do you see those trends as sustaining or evolving over the course of the year.
Dave Hager: Well the primary driver for the CapEx reduction is just the increased efficiency that we have been able to achieve in across the entire asset base, I would say one big factor in that as our supply initiative where we have decoupled much of the completion activities where we are supplying our own sand our own diesel and we see significant savings from that. We’re also just through the use of our advanced predictive analytics, artificial intelligence work we are finding that not only are we is it helping deliver best of any operator a 90 day IP, there is also driving our costs roller as well. So we feel really good about where it is, we’re very confident obviously the $100 million reduction there maybe some upside to that we will have to see how the second half goes. We do anticipate there maybe some increase inflationary pressure in the second half of the year and so that may drive our costs a little bit higher than they were in the first half of the year. We will just have to see how that goes, but we decided as appropriate at this point just take what we are sure of which is a $100 million reduction and then see how things evolve in the second half of the year.
Ryan Todd: So far the early takeaway is which I think Jacobs Row with some of the first kind of larger scale unbundled efforts that you had made on supply chain mainly, the takeaway has been a little bit better than expected. Is that fair?
Dave Hager: And the efficiencies across our entire portfolio of just drilling wells more effectively, et cetera. Yes.
Ryan Todd: That’s great, thanks and then maybe one follow-up question on the Meramec. You had some comments in there about results that you have seen in-production results today, have you seen any spacing pilots in the Meramec. I think there has some noise and confusion around some of the pilot results that we have seen across the play from some of your peers in the basin that’s caused them concern. So any thoughts that you can share on what you have seen so far across the spacing pilots and views on what that it means for kind of full-field development in the Meramec?
Dave Hager: I will kick it off, I’m going to probably just going to repeat what Tony did, maybe are just slightly different words here, but if you look at it our operated spacing tests have been very, very successful. We have seen on some of the outside operated spacing test or has been some very successful and ones but some have had mixed results. When we look at those test that others have done, we can’t say for sure why they tested it exactly what they tested, but the results are not a surprise to us. Now, without going to the specifics of each one sometimes we’ve seen that they have been testing zones that we know have would be thinner and wouldn’t have the kind of productivity as other zones that are in the same geographic area. Why they tested that, they are probably just trying to get an idea of the productivity of our secondary or tertiary zone we suspect. In other cases, we know that they have been grilled on the fringe of what we consider the key part of the play to be. In some cases we think that they have used completion designs that are not as a sophisticated as what design we are using. And we’ve talked a little bit in the press release about the proprietary completion design. So, to our view point there is nothing this surprised us with our test which have been very successful or some of these others that had mixed results and in just affirms, we have the best position in the play and that we understand what is going on, on here. So, that’s kind of an overall view. And would also say it that it is very early on in the play and I suspect and we don’t know for sure, but I suspect in some of these cases these companies maybe testing the limits of certain things. And they learn from these and as they go into full-field development it will be better results. And so I would be very careful about extrapolating the results from any early experimentation that maybe taking on in the play, say this is the way it’s going to work on the full-field. But I suspect they knew what they are doing, we don’t know exactly all the reasons. We suspect they knew what they are doing and they are just testing a limits of certain things to see if it would work or not. But, again it’s no surprise to us at all in any of the results we have seen.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Tameron with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David Tameron: Thanks. Good morning. I’m just going to reference the slide, I think it’s 15 in your deck, just the route area. Can you just give me an update of kind of Seawolf, it looks like this development pattern changed from maybe what you had been thinking. Can you just give us the latest and greatest thinking as far as that relates to or I guess the focus on this area and realizing every areas is different. But, can you just update us on that as far as the development patterns and how many wells per section, et cetera.
Scott Coody: Dave, this is Scott. And absolutely that a systematic change slightly. I think we added one or two more wells from last year and we got a little bit more specific with regards to the landing zone. I think this time around we include the X, Y because that’s a common nomenclature in that area. And obviously we’re doing an appraisal well and lower Wolfcamp bay as well, but maybe Tony could speak to just what we’re trying to accomplish at that particular pilot, which we call the Seawolf pilot.
Tony Vaughn: David, as Scott mentioned the well that we’ve reported on here in the lower portion of the upper Wolfcamp A, was just below the highlighted Rattlesnake area there. It gives us a little bit of upside thought process on the lower portion of the Wolfcamp, but if you go back to the last quarterly call, where we’ve reported the results of the Fighting Okra well. It’s just immediately south of the spot on the map that says the word Seawolf. And so there you saw the outstanding results that had there in upper portion of the upper Wolfcamp and this Seawolf is really going to be our first what we call our first multi zone development in Rattlesnake and we have got a substantial amount of locations that we have highlighted in our resource play. Starting right here with this will spread the 12 world program and the Wolfcamp and as we work that of we will just move those three rigs from that location start moving to the East and probably delineate that Rattlesnake area. So what we don’t show on this is a lot of industry activity that’s been around this and there is been some boomer wells there. We feel like this particular portion of not only of our play that this particular portion of the Delaware Basin is perhaps the best column in all of North America, so we are expecting a very robust long-term development just in this Rattlesnake area.
David Tameron: Okay and just noticed the B maybe versus the prior to the Wolfcamp B is no longer part of that plank, you talk a little bit about I know others have done the same, can you just talk about your thinking there?
Tony Vaughn: There is not been a lot of data points that have come through in the lower portion of the Wolfcamp A or the B, there has been some other nomenclatures, Wolfcamp 300 and 400, there has been some data points out there few and far between, some of those have been in fact a bit disappointing. So we know there is a very rich hydrocarbon column here, lot of oil in place, we think it will come with time, but we also think we can maximize our present value by focusing on the upper portion of the Wolfcamp. And we know that we can come back and drill back through that zone and get to the lower portion of the Wolfcamp which we frankly right now we are not prioritizing in our development because we just have not de-risked it, we don’t see the activity from industry really shown us the results either.
David Tameron: Okay, thanks for that color. And then Dave can I just ask one about [indiscernible] sell the Barnett or a portion of the Barnet and I can imagine what your answer is going to be, but because we have talked it about in the past, but I’m just thinking about in terms of returns and generating cash flow you know historically it has generated lot of free cash flow, it doesn’t’ look like you are going need that over the next couple of quarters or a couple of spending gap or can you just talk about your decision there?
Dave Hager: Well you are right, we don’t needed for the shorter term. What I tried to do paint in my prepared remarks at the beginning of the conference call here is where we see directionally we are going and by 2020 and that is as we are moving into full-field development in the STACK and the Delaware that we will become a more streamlined company eventually and we see in the billions of dollars of asset sales that we may accomplish over that timeframe and in a very measured way as we balance our cash inflows and our cash outflows. Certainly there are several different areas that we can consider and I’m not going to go into detail on any decision over regarding any specific area or assets that we have that we may consider from monetization. But in general, I mentioned that we would certainly most likely be divesting several billion dollars of assets, we see using some of that to further development activity in the STACK in the Delaware Basin and also repaying debt with a portion of those proceeds to build an extremely strong balance sheet with a net debt-to-EBITDA on the order of 1 to 1.5. So, we think that financial strength is going to certainly position us with a great deal of strength in any commodity price environment. We think that’s really the key for a top performing E&P company to have, we have franchise assets, we’re executing very well on those assets and we will further streamline the portfolio and we will have one of the best balance sheets and not the best balance sheet in the industry when we are finished with his total transformation. And so certainly the Barnett or some other assets configure into that equation, again we’re making no decision on that today and certainly no announcement on that today. But we certainly have a lot of flexibility about how we go about accomplishing this strategic objective, but that’s where we’re going.
David Tameron: Okay. Thanks, I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dave and to rest of the team there. I would like to ask two questions on the Delaware Basin. First on the Seawolf development. Can you talk about what if any lessons you are able to bring from your multi zone high intensity development plans over in the STACK to the Delaware Basin in to that development or is it more of just a blank slate and there is not a lot of portability of lesson from one to the other?
Dave Hager: Hi, Charles. Thanks for the question, we do find the ability to transfer learning between our Delaware and STACK teams, in fact we’ve been on this multi zone design for about two years now and that’s a really thoughtful work that has going on with our technical teams in both areas. I meet with each other, so transfer learnings quite easily here, we’re all centralized in this building so makes it real advantageous from that perspective. One of the things I think unique about the Delaware is really the federal permitting aspects is a little bit more complicated than it is in STACK and I think in the last conference call we talked about receiving our first master development plan which was played as a 162 well permit that we received in [indiscernible] and we feel like we’re very close to having three more of those master development plans approved by the BLM which will set us for about 600 to 750 potential locations left. And the benefits we see from this multi zone development concept is just much more efficient not only permitting exercise that we are going through as I just described but really we layout the integrated surface facility concept for each of these areas. And in that we’re able to use the centralize production facility not just by one pad or two pads, but in our planning there, when we start looking at the chart and laying out all of these different projects we continue to use these surface facilities for a given area. So for instance in Seawolf while that will be the first 12 well project we will drive. We will continue to run additional projects producing through that centralize production facility for some time to come. So, we will maximize the rate capacity in that facility for a while. We also feel like there is tremendous ability to increase the efficiency of our operations and just to give you order of magnitude on that, when we put in a park of that three rigs in a half section or quarter section type area and don’t have to really move those rigs from location-to-location, we will not got about three days of rig time out of the what is normally about a spud to TD time of about 10 bay. So the more we keep our operations centralize there, we can continue to think of things in terms of batch operations, so we will use had the flexibility use spudder rigs to get to surface pull drill and then come back behind with our conventional rigs for the production stream, we will also be able to do simultaneous operations and it will actually have some frack operations ongoing in some of these projects while we drill and produce. So tremendous amount of present value uplift by thinking a little bit differently than industry has taught up in the past, and we’re incorporating the same concept throughout the Delaware and the STAC development shows.
Tony Vaughn: Charles, the only think I would add. I think you had a really strong list a bunch of stock there that one thing is we probably have as much experience as anybody out there in the industry what we would call the parent child relationship in any given area. In other words the relationship between the first well section and what the ultimate down spacing might be and what kind of completion designs optimize recovery given that. And so that’s something that we have obviously studied from Eagle Ford to the STACK and the Delaware and we feel we have a really good understand, you have to actually drill the wells in many cases to know absolute results, but we have a pretty good understanding of I would say what is going to optimize the overall recovery for the highest returns around that and that comes from experience and drilling in a number of different areas and transferring those earnings from one place to another.
Charles Meade: Right, that’s great color guys, and you guys are pushing the envelope within the industry on that kind of concentrate development. And that actually leads to my second question, you guys have highlighted the Seawolf development, but I couldn’t have noticed that just in north you have got this [indiscernible] development that just maybe a little bit behind those schedule with actually more wells and so maybe can you give us little more color on what the plan is there?
Dave Hager: Charles we have laid out, I think what we show here to be really these projects that will be initiated through the later part of 2017 and into the early part of 2018, so we have got a gain chart that actually goes beyond that with additional projects there, but as you the focus for what we call the distilled areas really largely going to be the Leonard and little bit of bonds claim type work and some Wolfcamp work there. So it’s just another - the project that we have talked about in the last operating report and the one that we mentioned in this the Anaconda is really a three interval test on the Leonard that we are completing those wells and starting to bring those online. We will have operating results of those in Q3 but at this point we’re looking at those as very favorable results, so I did say it’s just really just a continuation of the development of that column.
Charles Meade: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Dave, I wanted to see if you can elaborate a more on your thoughts on this longer-term vision perhaps this leaner and meaner Devon with the focus on the STACK and Delaware Basin. I’m just trying to get a sense of how we should think about how other assets fit into the Devon portfolio as you are thinking about maybe deleveraging through assets sales and particular at Canada?
Dave Hager: Well, thanks Arun. We obviously have a number of strong assets throughout our portfolio. It appears that those will have the greatest development opportunity are going to be the STACK and Delaware Basin. And then to probably a lesser degree and the anticipated price environment and again we’re basing - we’re a thrive in a $45 to $50 well and we’re not counting on higher prices. So, we are building a company here is kind of succeed and be one of the top companies in the current price environment. And in that world it looks like STACK and Delaware are probably going to lead the way as far as development opportunities on the number of other areas we will have some developments such as Rockies and others are going to be providing more cash flow to the company. So, we’re on the cusp of really moving into full-field development in the STACK and the Delaware plays and when we do these plays are going to be out absorbed and generate very strong returns. And again, I want to emphasize again, we are a returns oriented organization, we’re not just growing for growth sake, but we think we can generate very strong returns in those plays in this price environment. If there is any question about the quality of the wells that we’re drilling again I would refer people back to page six of the operations report where we show we have the highest 90 day IP in the industry. So, we can talk 24 hours, you can talk 30 days all that, but when it comes to 90 day, we’re the leader. And we can generate very strong returns from that. So, as we do, we do see that some of these other areas could potential provide divestiture opportunities that would allow us to further our development in the STACK and Delaware Basin. And I’m not going to go as far as saying what specific it was, because that’s going to or continue to looking at that and we will continue to look. It will be a measure a very thoughtful process, we will be balancing our cash inflows and cash outflows as said and we’re going to use sum for debt repayment to build this fortress balance sheet. So, beyond now there at this point no further discussion, but obviously we’re going to look at all the key criteria when making that call, but it’s a great position to be in where we have a very strong asset base, we’re executing now IPO very well on that asset base. And we are going to continue to increase the focus of the company.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. That’s great. And just my follow up Dave, in a $45 to $50 world we had been thinking about Devon based on your previous kind of commentary of kind of balancing your internally generated cash flow plus the in-link distributions with your CapEx. Given how you maybe embarking on this asset sale program beyond the 20% sale in the Barnett. Is there a comfort perhaps to spend above that amount with asset sales kind of plugging the delta there.
Dave Hager: In essence yes, is the quick answer to that. Now again we are driven by returns first and we are we only do it if we feel we can generate good returns with the capital that we are deploying. We are confident in that price environment that we can generate good returns in the STACK and Delaware Basin plays. And so depending on these circumstances we would certainly be open to using a portion of divestment proceeds to further development of those plays and then a portion of that to pay down debt to build this strong balance sheet as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your next question comes from David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisor.
David Heikkinen: Good morning guys, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick question Jackfish one, do you expect similar skim tank issues and inspections ongoing and potential downtime?
Tony Vaughn: David could, we solve a little bit of evidence of the bracket issue in J3 skim tank, we had no detection this time at J1, you also have to remember we have already been in this skim tank at J1 in the previous turnaround. So, we’re really not expecting it to be initially, but we will certainly made the same type of proactive repair work that we did in J2 and J3 while we are in the tank.
David Heikkinen: Okay and then just on the Hobson Row you highlighted that in your 2Q ops report can you talk to all about what the current production is and how it actually contributed to the volume I’m just trying to get an idea of those 39 wells are actually producing?
Jeff Ritenour: Obviously the Hobson Row the key driver behind our growth in STACK this year, we have revamped STACK production by that 20% and that’s largely driven by just the success of the Hobson Row and what we are seeing there and maybe I handed it over to Tony where he can talk about just what we are seeing from the type curves and more importantly how we are going to deploy that success to the Jacobs Row. Tony.
Tony Vaughn: Dave I don’t have a whole lot to add to that. We reported a little bit of the results on the last operating report, the work that we have done so far in this particular quarter has been type curve type results, so we didn’t really highlighted individually, but I will tell you we pumped near 500 million pounds of sand in that work and from an execution perspective the team did outstanding results. And there is a great partnership between the operating guys and the supply chain guys that we have there, I think Dave mentioned earlier, this is the first area that we decoupled great success there and we think we dropped about 15% of the cost of those that work out of this system just through that operating efficiencies there. We are very excited about extending the work from the is a normal lateral work that we have historically done and to the long laterals, we got the all the wells completed now, they are all starting to flow back, we will be able to report on those results in the next quarter, but again when we start looking towards the future in this and understanding what the value of the long lateral will bring we think the returns through this development are as competitive as much of what we have in the portfolio.
David Heikkinen: And just on that cost savings. How do you think that will flow through to your future development cost reported in your reserve reports. Should we expect a down or trend and Devon future development cost as you kind of lock in this decoupling of services and just trend deposit?
Dave Hager: Well I think that certainly is a positive driver towards, yeah towards lower F&D now. Obviously as you pursue more oil oriented plays as you well know David those tend to be a little bit F&D type plays in general. But that element would help mitigate to absolutely.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. One other thing to add on that Dave, real quick is just ultimately as you start heading towards those multi zone developments for the majority of our capital is going to be concentrated going forward and that’s going to be another tailwind as well. So very concentrated capital programs combined at the supply chain, we would expect to show very well in this metric in the upcoming year.
David Heikkinen: Thanks guys.
Scott Coody: Well, I guess it looks like there is no one else in the queue. So, we will wrap up the call today. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon. And do you have any other questions feel free to call the IR team anytime and that consisting myself Chris Carr. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody – Vice President, Investor Relations Dave Hager – President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Vaughn – Chief Operating Officer Jeff Ritenour – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Arun Jayaram – JPMorgan Chase Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip Jungwirth – BMO Capital Markets Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone's had the chance to review our first quarter financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This date package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance, and detailed operations report. Also on the call today are Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, Chief Financial Officer, and a few other members of our senior management team. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Hager: Thank you, Scott, and welcome everyone. As you can see from our first quarter results, Devon's three-fold strategy of operating in North America's best resource plays, delivering superior execution, and maintaining a high degree of financial strength is working exceptionally well, and generating top tier results. Our production in the quarter exceeded guidance expectations by a wide margin. Our margins and profitability continue to expand as we transition to a higher margin product mix, and capital programs continue to achieve efficiency gains as we shift our focus toward full-field development in the STACK and Delaware Basin. On the call today, I will focus my comments on three key messages. First, we remain very well positioned to accelerate investment across our world-class U.S. resource plays, and deliver on our 2017 and 2018 growth targets. By the end of this month, we will have 15 operated rigs running in the U.S., focused primarily within our top two franchise assets to STACK and Delaware Basin. As we progress through 2017, we are on pace to steadily ramp up drilling activity to as many as 20 rigs by year-end, resulting in a $2 billion to $2.3 billion upstream capital program for the year. Importantly, providing additional certainty to our accelerated investment plans, our attractive hedge position, excellent liquidity position, and innovative supply chain efforts. With our disciplined hedging strategy we have stabilized our cash flow stream by locking in more than 50% of Devon's estimated oil and gas production for the year at or above market levels. We are also systematically accumulating additional hedges for 2018, and expect to protect the price on at least half of our production in 2018. Coupled with our investment-grade rating, and $2.1 billion of cash on hand, we have the financially capacity to execute on our business plan. On the supply chain front, given the heightened competition for services and supplies in our core basins, we are taking aggressive steps to ensure that we have the resources and capabilities to achieve our growth plans. With this proactive work we have successfully secured equipment, crews, materials, and take-away capacity at competitive prices, and at the bottom of the cycle. Additionally, to achieve the best results for LOE and capital dollars we are mitigating inflation by decoupling historically bundled high-margin services, and are utilized in a much more diversified vendor universe base. Also adding to our savings are the continued efficiency gains we're achieving across our early stage development plays, where the majority of our capital is invested. As we shift to full-field development in the STACK and Delaware Basin these efficiency gains will only ratchet higher. As a result of these strategies, strategic supply chain initiatives, and operational efficiencies, we have completely offset inflationary pressure through the first part of the year. Overall, when you combine our financial strengths, and our innovative supply chain initiatives with the prospects of our top tier STACK and Delaware Basin assets, we are highly confident in our ability to deliver the value and returns associated with our growth plans over the next few years. The second key takeaway is that we are building momentum across our U.S. resource plays as we head to full-field development. As we have talked about at length over the past several months, we expect 2017 to be a breakout year for our Delaware Basin asset as we concentrate our activity in the economic core of the basin within southeast New Mexico. In fact, the initial well result from our development program in the first quarter, were truly fantastic. Our first operated Wolfcamp well in the Rattlesnake area achieved the highest production rate of any well Devon has brought online in the Delaware Basin to-date. With 30 day rates reaching 3,000 BOE per day, we also tied in three high rate Bone Spring developable wells during the quarter with production rates that exceeded our type curve expectations by 30%. In addition to our high rate well activity for the quarter, our shift to full field development in the Delaware Basin is now underway, we just completed drilling our first multi-zone development targeting three Leonard shale intervals and we have as many as four more multi-zone projects lined up to begin in the Delaware over the coming year. This development approach is expected as several advantages that will drive higher returns compared to traditional pad development work including improving rig and frac crew mobilization times, leveraging surface facilities across multiple drilling units, increasing per section recovery potential with improved planning, maximizing net present value as flexibility to add or defer development zones and more efficient permitting process on federal lands. Additionally to maintain similar cycle times to traditional pad drilling, we plan to deploy concentrated development and completion activity across these larger developments. To position ourselves to accelerated activity across the Delaware Basin in 2018 and beyond, we have recently submitted four Master development plans to the Bureau of Land Management designed to accommodate up to 600 permits, in fact we just received notification of approval for a first master development plan at the Cotton Draw and expect the other three plants to be approved by year-end. This innovative permitting strategy will allow us to accelerate our multi-zone development activity, maximizing returns and per section recoveries from our world class acreage. In the Oklahoma stack play, our capital activity also delivered outstanding well productivity, with the Woodford development program, we have now brought online the majority of the 39 well Hobson Row which results from this high impact road tracking at or above our EUR type curve of 1.6 million BOE per well. Hobson Row is one of the key drivers of our STACK growth plans in 2017 and gross production remains on pace to exceed 40,000 BOE per day by the end of the second quarter. We're also excited about our next Woodford development, the Jacobs Row, we were deployed to learning attained from the Hobson Row and leverage larger completion designs across extended reach laterals, which we expect will boost returns associated with the Jacobs project to among the best in our portfolio. To the north and the over pressured oil window of the STACK our appraisal work during the quarter confirmed the potential for up to four landing zones in the core of the play. This appraisal activity will help further refine our initial multi-zone stack development, the Showboat project which is satisfied in the third quarter. While still preliminary, our plans call for drilling 25 to 30 wells across two drilling units at Showboat, co-developing both the Meramec and Woodford formations. With additional appraisals of success in the core play, we could increase spacing to more than 20 wells per drilling unit with future development projects. To provide perspective on the scale of our stack opportunity, we have identified approximately 400 drilling units that are candidates for multi-zone development work providing us with a highly visible growth platform. Looking beyond the Delaware and STACK, we also had impressive results within our Eagle Ford and Rockies assets. The initial flow back results from our nine Well Diamond spacing test in the Eagle Ford were very strong where 30 day rates averaging 2,100 BOE per day, with this pilot we have confirmed the Upper Eagle Ford as a commercially viable landing zone adding to our multi-year inventory in the field. Our initial Rockies drilling work also delivered impressive results. Our first four Parkman wells crushed type curve expectations by averaging more than 1800 BOE per day of which 95% was light oil. Making the Rocky story sizzle even more for the quarter, are the results from recent state and federal lease options, winning bids that offset our southern acreage position recently $17,000 per acre. As a reminder, we opportunistically secured our leasehold position in this area for about $1,000 an acre in late 2015. And my last key message is that Devon absolutely possesses the low risk development inventory due to deliver sustainable long-term growth. Between the STACK and Delaware Basin alone which are two of the very best positions, position poise on a North American cost curve, we have exposure to more than 30,000 potential drilling locations. These world class assets provide Devon with a highly visible multi-decade growth platform. And as you saw in our press release last night, given the massive growth opportunity associated with our STACK and Delaware Basin assets, we simply have an abundance of opportunities within our portfolio. This high quality dilemma has resulted in our initial step to bring value forward with a $1 billion non-core asset divestiture program over the next 12 to 18 months. The non-core assets identified for monetization includes select portions of the Barnett Shale focus primarily around Johnson County and other properties located principally within the U.S. Looking beyond today's announcement, I also want to be clear that our risk resource base in the U.S. has the potential to a further expand with ongoing appraisal work in STACK and Delaware Basin. With successful delineation results, we would evaluate strategic options for additional non-core asset sales in the future. The bottom line is the divestiture program combined with our excellent liquidity and strong hedge position supports our capital program and places us firmly on track to achieve our multi-year growth targets. Additionally, the certainty associated with our capital programs uniquely positions Devon attain strong operational momentum through the end of the decade. So in summary, I believe Devon clearly offers investors a differentiated opportunity in the E&P space. We have a great collection of assets, we will continue to get the most out of these world-class assets with superior execution and we have one of the more advantageous capital structures in the E&P space. As we continue to execute on our disciplined business plan, we are well positioned to generate outsized returns for our shareholders for many years to come. Now I will turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott Coody: Thanks Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. If you have further questions you can re-prompt if time permits. With that, operator we'll take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yes good morning, I was wondering Dave if you could maybe give us some more details on the multi-zone development, you mentioned that you had submitted kind of four master development plans, I was wondering maybe you could give us some details on what one of these development plans could look like at Cotton Draw in terms of the different zones between the Bone Spring Wolfcamp, Avalon et cetera?
David Hager: Arun, I'm going to take the first part of this, Arun, and good morning and I'm going to turn it over to Tony talk about the specific zones that we've been developing but talking a little bit about the Master development plan and that's really something that we are one of the first companies to do in the Delaware Basin and basically it takes a lot of the risk out of the permitting. As you know, we're developing this on federal acreage and historically has been difficult on a well by well basis to get an inventory far enough ahead of your drilling program to have the confidence that you can you can execute on a drilling program, with this master development program that essentially gives us a permit for a large area you see submitted four across and it's going to give us 600 and average about 150 per master development plan, we have the first one in already and so with that then all you have to do is get the individual ADPs which are a much, much shorter process and are really not on the critical path at all. So this is a great concept that we've been working with the BLM on, we appreciate their cooperation on this and it's really a huge step forward for allowing us to go to a much higher rig count and you've seen in our operations report we said we're making plans not initially but up to 20 rigs out there and this is a big part of that. So Tony, you want to talk specifically about Cotton Draw a little bit?
Tony Vaughn: You know, Arun, appreciate your question, this is some planning works that we've been incorporating into the halls [ph] of Devon for about the last two years. And again as Dave mentioned, we appreciate the partnership that we have the BLM. It's really worked out to our advantage. And so if you look at the concept that we're describing in these multi-stacked horizons here, we're starting off with some fairly small sized, small-scaled, multi-stacked, multi-well pads. And so as we just commented on, we just finished a drilling of our Thistle Area 10 well pad. We will have a 20 well pad in the Delaware Basin by year-end. We'll gradually transition from fairly small pads in 2017 and early '18. And by 2018 and beyond, we'll be a little bit larger in scale. But the benefit for something like Cotton Draw which has actually got prospectivity for 17 that will include the Bone Springs, Delaware, Leonard, and Wolfcamp. We will be prosecuting all those areas there. This one design allows us to have a larger sized pads not in surface areas much as in well count. And it will have a centralized production facility that each of the pads will be able to flow in to. This starts optimizing the surface facility; starts optimizing really the manufacturing process that we have. We will be able to have simultaneous operations as we go through the work. So provides a lot of the inherent efficiencies and our plan with a deep inventory that we have talked about in the Delaware Basin, we just knew there had to be a better solution than just a historic 2 to 3 wells per pad environment.
David Hager: And I might add I outlined in prepared remarks some of benefits of these type of well, but I know one of the push backs we've had is people are concerned, oh, my gosh, is this going to look a major offshore development in terms of timing with going this direction. Two comments on that, first is as Tony said, we're starting out small. So you are not going to see a large [indiscernible] 10, 15, 20 type of well sized pad initially. And the second point is in each of these pads, we are going to have multiple rigs working [ph]. And so, bottom line is you are not going to see a significant timing shift as we go from two to four wells per pad to a larger because of how we are going to concentrate our rigs on there to get it -- to keep the timing the same. So that concern is -- we have obviously been thinking about that, and we believe we have been working on that for a long time.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks. And my follow-up, I wanted to talk a little bit about the four extended reach wells that you're doing at the Hobson Row and what are your thoughts around the Jacob's Row? I think you talked about a 70 well development with Cimrax, I assume that's the standard lateral NSPs, four extended reach lateral wells do okay at Hobson, how could that influence your development plans for the Jacob's Row?
David Hager: Arun, we are really through all of the -- on the Jacob's Row -- on the Hobson Row excuse me, we are all the way through the completion of our normal lateral wells, and as you can see in the report, seeing very encouraging results. We've upsized the frac designs. And we decoupled our operations there. I will talk a little bit more about it as we go through call. I hope that great efficiency of operations. Execution phase is going really well. We're just now getting to long laterals that we described in the plan for the Hobson Row. We're fully expecting that long lateral is going to be the design of the future. And that will be what we incorporate into the Jacob's Row. What I'll also comment on about we have 50:50 partnership with Cimrax there as you mentioned. We are continuing to work with their technical teams on what the -- what the forward plan is for capital allocation, both in Devon and in Cimrax. Right now, we're expecting to prosecute our three well section at the -- in Q4 of this year, we are expecting Cimrax to be close that same timeframe, but for right now, we're fully anticipating long lateral designs as we forward, and -- but we are fully focused on starting our three well program in middle of Q4…
Arun Jayaram: And just to clarify is the Jacob's Row going to 70 long laterals or single laterals? I wasn't quite sure.
David Hager: It's going to be -- Arun, it's going to long lateral. Every time we can drill long lateral, we are going to drill long lateral. So I think if you've looked at lay out on the map that we highlighted here, they are all going to exposed to long lateral drilling.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Scott Coody: Arun, this is Scott. Hey, as you know, just a standard length lateral you are looking at 1.6 million equivalent on recovery basis. Right? So when you extend these laterals out with the Jacob's the returns ratchet significantly higher raveling what you are seeing in the over-pressured oil window in the Meramac. So, it'll be a great project for us and we are pretty excited about our spurting activity which will occur in Q4.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Excuse me. Good morning everybody. Excuse me. So, I wonder if I could start off with a question on inventory, Dave. And I guess it relates also to your billion dollar proposed asset sale. There are multiple pieces to this question, I guess, but just looking at all the data you've given today. You talked about going to 20 rigs. And at Delaware, you talked about 2000 unrisked locations. But yet your inventory in the Wolfcamp is only 500. So when do you basically get a little bit more disclosure, or, what do you need to see to step up the inventory in both the Delaware but also in the [indiscernible] landing zones now that seem to be working in the quarter the STACK. It seems your inventory is substantially understated. And my question is what that means for your -- timing of your non-core disposals as your inventory extends? If I may, I have got a quick follow-up to that, I will be glad. Thank you.
Dave Hager: Great. Well, I think you are hitting it exactly right, Doug. We see significant upside to our risked inventory. We obviously had a great well there with the Fighting Okra, and there has been some great offset wells to that. We are going to have a significant portion of our appraisal dollars in the Delaware Basin going to additional Wolfcamp wells here in the second half of the year. We are also going to be doing a lot more appraisal work up in the STACK. We take the approach so we want to see the actually results before we really put it into the risked inventory. But we have every confidence based on our well results and other competitor well results that this is going to continue to increase. And we've looked as I said in our prepared remarks we look at this divestiture program as a first step. We think it's an appropriate first step because obviously commodity price has also has softened somewhat in the past few months. We are confident that we have a program already that we are planning on in 2018 that's well beyond the 20 rigs that we will in 2017. And we even talked in the last operations report, we didn't put in this one but a 60 and 3.25 $6 WTI, 3.25 Henry Hub, we will be generating about $3.5 billion of cash flow - upstream cash flow. So prices have fallen off a little bit from that. But with this, divestment program and that certainly gives us increased certainty that we can deliver on the growth results even if commodity price has soften because these wells are still generating incredible rates of return even at somewhat lower prices. So want to execute it. Our operations teams are fully prepared to execute on that. And this gives us additional confidence that we will have the cash to generate that. Now as we further upraise these areas such as the Wolfcamp and additional landing zones in the STACK, we will consider additional divestments as appropriate if they are appropriate. And so, I would just look at this as certainly a single for how we are going in the future as we think this is the appropriate first step. But as we finish our appraisal program, there could be further steps. We continue with our appraisal program, there could be further steps.
Doug Leggate: So just to be clear, Dave, so, you are basically saying Devon lives within cash flows including asset sales?
Dave Hager: Essentially at this point, that's right, yes.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is really on the relative economics across the different place. Obviously you've got a ton of things that are emerging that are competitive and what sits at the back of my mind is the rocky statement you made in the presentation. In order to provide a per acre value one would argue that you are trying to get the market to focus on the value of your acreage, but of course that only gets realized if you monetize it, and any reasonable timeline? I guess you can say the same thing about [indiscernible] recent sale of their oil sand. Again they got a big valuation for that, It's probably not getting recognized in your stock. So when you look to build the growth in inventory that you are clearly having in these areas, how did this relative areas within your business compete for capital? In other words, where would your incremental first look be to monetize, would it be Delaware slope, would it be the rest of the Barnett, would it be part of the Rockies, would it be oil sand, just how do you think about, how you prioritize non-core asset sales?
Dave Hager: Well, first off, I would say. We are not just trying to highlight it. We also get all the necessary I guess build in when you sell it. I think we can have that discussion over a beer someday I guess. But I don't think up sell all of our assets to get value recognized for it but what we are trying to say is that other people starting to recognize the value that we have and we think that should start showing up in our stock price. The most important thing I can say is we are conscious strategy here and Devon has been to not only be in some of the best place in onshore north America, but to have the best positions and the best place in onshore north America. These are big place and they always in these place are as good spots to be and not so good spots to be and we are focused on being in the best and so I think when you look at our well level economics we will stand them up against anybody in the industry because we are in the heart of the best place onshore north America. Tony, do you want to add any comments from a relative viewpoint on the economics, but I am telling you they are all pretty outstanding.
Tony Vaughn: I think one thing Doug that we are proud about is we picked up our position. We expanded our position in the powder at a time when the industry really didn't understand the potential value there and now the industry has recognized that but if you look at the returns that we had before commodity prices cycled off, returns that we had in the powder where every bit is good, if not at the top end of our results in late Q4 or 14 and again if you look at the six wells or four wells that we talked about for this particular quarter. Again, there is a top end of our portfolio, so it's an equivalent capability to the Delaware, the best of the Delaware and the best of STACK, it just doesn't have the same skill to us as the other. So as commodity prices rise and additional cash flow is generated, it's going to be a great opportunity for us.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answers, guys. Thank you.
Tony Vaughn: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Jungwirth with BMO. Please go ahead.
Philip Jungwirth: Thanks, good morning. Question on the Barnett of the 400 to 500 million of cash flow expected in '17 just trying to understand the high level, does this include the -- in these de-payments and how should we think about any upside to Barnett cash flow de-contract, who are closer to the market rates.
Dave Hager: Well, I can certainly handle the first part of that with regards to the cash flow that we put up and that's net of all of our transportation and processing cost. So absolutely and I guess so could you repeat the second part of that question. I'm not sure I heard that clearly.
Philip Jungwirth: Just trying to understand how much upside there could be to that cash flow number if the AT&T contract within link we are in your vehicle sort of market rate?
Dave Hager: At that point you know, Philip that's undisclosed there is confidentiality regarding that. So that's not a number that we are going to be able to provide for you today. But I think the key takeaway is that these are very valuable assets that are generating free cash flow. So this isn't like other comps that occurred previously in prior years. This will be an asset that will be sort after and we expect to have good market as we look to market the asset.
Philip Jungwirth: Okay, great. And then, there has been a fair amount of or say the activity up towards northwest Dewey and Woodford County and we didn't had that's one filing, one empty position up there, I was just hoping that you help frame Devon's position in this area and is there anything to discuss in terms of well reserves, thoughts on the player or future activity plan?
Dave Hager: Philip, I think we've described that we have about 80,000 acres as what we call the northwest tag extension. We've acquired that position, just through a lot of organic leasing and picked up a few real small pieces. We have some well active in area we are really not ready to disclose that but we are encouraged and excited about the opportunities going forward and so I think at this point as well that's where we are leaving.
Philip Jungwirth: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Yes, good morning and it really feels like you are making progress de-risking this multi-zone perhaps in the Delaware. I mean each of the individual wells you give us later on. As you go to sort of a sectional development, are you ready at this stage to kind of like give us some kind of overall sectional tight curve and well cost or is it still too early?
Dave Hager: Probably the challenge to do that and good morning it is that. It really depends a lot on where you are and even in some cases you will find that some zones have already been developed and we will developing other zones as well. So there is, it's a fairly complex thing to try to give you a perception. In some cases there are. As Tony said we have Bone Springs, we have Leonard we have Wolfcamp, we have Delaware all of those in other areas such as our initial development and this we are just developing three zones in the Leonard and there is every other variety as well, but I guess the key is they are all working incredibly well, but it would be a very, it's not really possible just as to give a tight curve per section. I don't think because as a variety.
Edward Westlake: Okay, I think you know, when I think of the inventory and the value of the inventory. I'm trying to think of reasons why that the shares aren't reflecting in that and that sort of uncertainty maybe one of them although we can see obviously it's very good well results?
Dave Hager: Well, I see we said we have just a -- such a deep on risked inventory and we are going through an appraisal program and we will certainly layout even. Bottom-line is everything is working and it's working extremely economically right now and so as we continue this appraisal throughout '17 and even in the future years, you are going to see this inventory expand, we are confident to that. We just want to get the results before we give all the details.
Edward Westlake: The other comments in the up support around operational efficiency we are very interesting you talked about unbundling obviously the inflation starting to appear in certain lines but maybe if you can talk a little bit about how any examples you can share of how the unbundling of say problems or pressure pumping or other lines is leading to savings relative to say you know, a year ago or Q-over-Q however you want to describe it?
Dave Hager: Ed, we are seeing attention and cost escalation across the business. We've been very pleased. I think we commented in the past. So we are going to be able to mitigate about 75% of that cost escalation throughout Q4 '16 to Q4 '17 with just some good planning and good operational efficiency. We are seeing that in fact if you look at our capital spend through Q1 we are a little it light and we feel like we are being able to mitigate any tension we have on the system. Guys are doing extraordinarily a good job right now with the planning, not with execution but the planning of the work that we do and so when you guys are looking for we are already working out into 2018 and 2019 planning or work there allows us to go to providers, give them certainty about the long-term plans that are able to make more definitive long-term decisions. That's helping us in a big way, so we like to have control over our destiny as a lot of companies do we find that when we have good plans in place, good partners and control over the project schedule we can excel there. So, we have actually contracted and secured our 2017 sand or all of our work in the mid-time and then also in the Delaware we have entered into a contract to secure the 100 mash [ph] sand for all of our STACK work for three years out. We find that the sand mines are pleased to be working with the end-user because we have definitive plans and also we are not at the mercy that some of the larger scale pressure pumping providers because we are getting plans from a lot of people that may not be as fine tuned and is well thought through as ours and so we would tend to get shuffled at times and so if I went back and looked at to look back on our work that we just completed on the Hobson Row, I think we've had a total of seven hours of delay not having sand on location rate of pump. Historically, we would have three times that amount on single jobs at times, when we were depending on turnkey type work. So we've got some outstanding work across the organization that is allowing us to have good relationships. You're starting to see the OCTG market inflate as well. And we've had some long-term relationships with three providers there that we stuck with them during the downturn; they're sticking with us in the up cycle, so we're able to mitigate cost on the pipe side of the business. And on the drilling rig side of the business you're starting to see the, I guess I'll call it the high-spec end market for rigs is starting to diminish. And a little bit more pressure there, but our relationships with a couple of primary providers there have helped us get through that. We're also taking the opportunity to contract longer term in some of these spaces. And while we've always had a fair amount of our rigs under term -- In fact, right now I think we have 11 out of our 15 rigs under some amount of term. But we're also now moving that into the frac space. And so, four out of six frac crews that we have working are on one-year term as well. So the guys are continuing to think forward. Our operating team and our supply chain group work extremely well together doing some good design work in-house. And so, we feel like we got places across the business that we essentially [technical difficulty] are gaining operational efficiencies that we didn't have two years ago. 
Edward Westlake: Thank you for the first answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC. Please go ahead.
Scott Hanold: Yes, thanks. Just kind of curious as you look at the STACK play and discuss the opportunities to get three to four potential formations for obviously these pad developments that sound pretty exciting. When you step back, how are you going to delineate the test of how many places have that say third or lower Meramec available or the Woodford available, is that something that you've got a good sense of right now or is there still a lot of work to get there?
Dave Hager: Scott, I think if you've watching the release on where our well activity has been, we've been really appraising around what we call appraisal areas one and two. In appraisal area one we'll have our first development that will start in Q3 of this year, we call that the Showboat development. In and around that particular area we feel confident that we understand the horizontal or the lateral spacing per zone very well. We're also getting fresh information on the vertical connectivity. And so we've got a lot of data on what we call the Meramec 200, and now we're seeing it on the 300 and the 400. That's being included, and that's what's described pictorially on one of the exhibits that we had in our operating report. So, in the specific area of the Showboat development we've got great pilot results in. It's giving us the confidence to incorporate parts of three different intervals in the Meramec. And as we continue with this development in Q3 we're also continuing appraisal work as we start moving to the western portion of the field. So if you look at the latter half of '17 and the early part of '18, we'll be moving rigs more westerly than they had been to date. We're also going to be learning from our results as we go here. And so the first development, for instance, that Tony described here, is in the Showboat area. Well, our next development will be most likely a little bit to the west of this, so that we then learn from the Showboat and any actual well results. And sometimes there may even be some questions, I think, on the operations report. One of the things, that we don't have as many wells on that diagram in the lower part of the Meramec. But it's because we think there is a question as to whether these are in vertical communication. And less wells is good; if you can get the hydrocarbons out with less wells, that's actually good. But we'll learn from the actual production from that to help us guide our future development, and when we move back into that area. So we have a very well thought out, very well planned approach to this so that we will be bottom line, optimizing the NPV overall or the capital efficiency that we're going to get from this program.
Scott Hanold: Okay. And I hope that this is not putting words in your mouth, but in part where you're looking to delineate first and move to is part of it, it sounds like maybe a sickness of the Meramec?
Dave Hager: As you move to the west and to the south a bit, Scott, you are moving into a sicker portion of the Meramec in the, what we call, the 300 and 400 intervals. So you would see more oil in place in those middle-to-lower sections there. So you're right, it changes as you go from the eastern part of the field over to the west.
Scott Hanold: Okay, great. And as a follow-up question, the Barnett Shale potential sale, can you guys give us a sense of how much net production you'll have there? And maybe if you'd even extend that to that cash flow expectation or estimate that you all have put out there today or yesterday. What portion would be associated with that?
Dave Hager: The planned divestments are about 20% of the leasehold production reserves and the cash flows, a simple way to think about that.
Scott Hanold: Okay, I understand. That's great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning and congratulations on a very interesting quarter. First, going to the multi-zone concept, as you continue to evolve this concept I was wondering is overall pad oil cut versus overall BOE potential a consideration factor regarding which zones might be developed?
Jeff Ritenour: Well it is, Jeff. And I think Dave was trying to articulate the full matrix of considerations our technical teams are going through right now. And so if you look at the different intervals, some are completely de-risked and already in the development phase and some have very little data. As an example, the lower portion of the Wolfcamp, we have higher oil cuts in some than others. And some are just more prolific from a traditional rate perspective. And so there's a complicated matrix that the guys go through. I'd have to tell you that we'll be focused on generating maximum present value and returns from each of the multi-stacked developments that we go into. There is also an optimized size that we look at. And we think that we can get up towards savings, roughly, of about 20% in the DNC side of this up to a certain limit of wells before you start seeing that cost benefit degrade. And also, returns will be maximized at a certain point. And then with too large of a program will turn over, and also diminish. So, guys are looking at this on a project-by-project basis. And it's harder to describe that. But they'll be looking to maximize value and returns.
Jeffrey Campbell: That was a helpful answer, I appreciate it. And then this is a little bit higher level one. Both the Barnett and the Delaware Basin are proximal to the Gulf Coast and growing that gas demand. Ultimately, can the legacy Barnett nat gas compete for capital with what might be viewed as associated nat gas in the Delaware Basin? 
Jeff Ritenour: Well, the nat gas that we have seen, the drier gas opportunities in our portfolio for the most part are not competing for capital as well as our more oily-oriented areas that have associated natural gas. Now everybody likes to talk about these more oily-oriented areas. There is in most cases a fair amount of natural gas that comes along with those; it varies play-to-play. But there is a fair amount. But I think we have not focused much drilling in our portfolio on dry gas opportunities. And so that's one of the things that we obviously are thinking about here as we look at our divestment program. There are still opportunities that can generate returns well above the cost to capital. It's just our portfolio is so high quality they may not generate capital within our portfolio. So we think there's a great market out there, and there's an opportunity potentially to move value forward. We're just trying to make those type of decisions at the appropriate time. And I think you saw the first step of it with our announced divestment last night, and described earlier the rationale for the timing and the magnitude of that.
Jeffrey Campbell: Right, understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe let's start out with one in the Delaware Basin. I know you have limited results in the Wolfcamp right now. But in the past, you had talked about lack of capital deployment in the Wolfcamp, the view that wouldn't compete on a return basis with the Bone Spring, and the Leonard, I mean. First well there look quite strong and I mean would you still at this point based on incremental data we've seen over time characterize -- how would you characterize returns competitiveness of the Wolfcamp versus the Bone Spring and the Leonard and could this have any impact and how you think about deployment of capital within the Delaware going forward?
Dave Hager: Ryan, we're actually very positive view in the Wolfcamp going forward and we've seen some industry derisk the Wolfcamp around us and we've reported on the hiding of our well ourselves so we're highly encouraged with the opportunity in the Wolfcamp will compete for capital as well as our Bone Spring Delaware and Leonard going forward if you really step back about a year, year and a half ago we didn't have the infrastructure built in the southern portion of our play there so that was a learning experience we had to think you also saw about that time we had very high lease operating cost for BOE. All of that infrastructure we've caught up with our selves now, and so, we've got full water being pipe we've got power grid system across our position there in the Cotton Draw and in Rattlesnake area. So we'll have a much healthier commercial answer for Wolfcamp development going forward, and if you just look at the areas of focus for 2017 probably about 50% to 60% of our well activity will be focused in both Leonard and the Wolfcamp going forward. So we're encouraged by the quality of results that we're seeing in Wolfcamp.
Tony Vaughn: I would more directly to answer your question I still think the highest returns are in the Bone Spring and the Leonard has come up. The Wolfcamp is certainly improving significantly and it has the largest upside to the inventory.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you, that's helpful. And then maybe one follow-up on the multi-zone developments, you talked about some of the drilling and service level improvements and efficiency you might I wasn't sure if you just said there you could see 20% DLC improvement, but if you quantified what you think the efficiency improvements might be in multi-zone development relative to defend a single well that you've told in the past and then we talking about a 10% improvement in kind of capital efficiency 20% any ability to ballpark that.
Jeff Ritenour: Ryan, that was trying to describe a little bit earlier, but we have quantified that guys do a really good job of planning out these developments to maximize the efficiency of the developments. We think these multi stacked developments have the opportunity to reduce total CapEx cost by about 20% on a given section as compared to the historic two to three wells per pad and if you go through the long list of positive attributes that these new designs will yield, but we think it's a game changer for the large inventory that a company like Devon has.
Dave Hager: And I'll just reiterate one more time I said it earlier too, but you're not going to see a significant timing differences, this is not like an offshore development Tony and I've worked a lot of offshore developments we know what offshore developments look like it. You're not going to see significant timing difference are compared to what you've seen historically which I think has been some of the concern.
Ryan Todd: Great, I appreciate the clarity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Evan Calio: Good afternoon, guys. Last to cover maybe a bigger picture question, you what level of well performance you guys factor in your full-year production guidance and is it, that based on your actual type curves or something higher and I'm asking the question could you just reported excellent well results across all three of your major basins and most significantly above those type curves that the full-year production guidance for means unchanged this is kind of contrast between the guide and the information the ops report.
Dave Hager: Yes. Well, first off, the well results are outstanding as you said there's absolutely no hedging on that, but actually I understand that the current year well results proportionally to the total production is pretty down small and so there's a lot of other factors that go in to your production guidance beyond just the current year well results. So, and then, obviously I think everybody's figured out by now that, what is shifted between our outperformance here in Q1 and somewhat lower guidance in Q2 is just the fact that we moved, we're able to get some Eagle Ford completions accelerated into Q1 production and so the full-year guidance is unchanged it's just we got production on a little bit earlier and that's on those wells, but they do go on incredibly economic wells. But they are come on very high rates and have pretty steep declines, and we'll see some of that in Q2 in Eagle Ford. So there's just a lot of factors that go into the full-year production guidance were beyond the current -- beyond just the type curves that are -- that we publish, but obviously we are pleased that in several areas we are exceeding type curve expectations…
Evan Calio: Make sense.
Dave Hager: Yes, I will add in, one more Tony.
Tony Vaughn: Yes, just I want to give a little kudos to the work our technical teams are doing on the completion side of the business is driving some of the sap performance and if you remember even I think it was probably several quarters ago that we showed that our 90-day IPs were number one out of 30 most active operators in the U.S. base and that was in 2015 and 2016 you looked the data, in 2015 by the way with the average of our per well performance was over 600 BOE per day. When we look at 2016 our average for new wells brought on is over 900 BOE per day. So we took -- what we thought was an outstanding performance and '15 continued to evolve doing some really sophisticated subsurface modeling, frac modeling and have increased our 90-day IPs another 50% in 2016. And you start looking at Q1 results in '17 it's a little higher than where we left off in '16, so the guys are continuing to put the pedal down and really outstanding results.
Evan Calio: Understood.
Jeff Ritenour: And just a point of clarity real quick that those are for a 90-day rate and then also the gas piece of that production which is being adjusted on a 21 basis as well, so that would account for some of the reconciliation versus some of the 30-day rate you're seeing in our operations reports.
Evan Calio: Great. So will look for that in the 2018 numbers, it sounds. And my second question is on the little bit fall from the asset sale programs to pick up on your opening comments and some of the Q&A discussion. The asset program appears to be its employees to grow as organic location count grows. How do you think about optimal inventory that defines how much is non-core so either in years of inventory region or return driven program and somewhat related to me is the vision to scale asset sales with the deliberate before the capital or more pace just with the down spacing results?
Dave Hager: Yes. That's a great question and it has a really hard question to answer it's kind of like the old reserve production ratio, you're going to have too much and you can have too little and what is the right number and I can give you some directional thoughts on that. I don't know that there is an absolute right answer, but I tend to think of somewhere around a 20 year inventory at anticipate that will be very economic locations that anticipated prices. Is kind of a quick summary of before I would say I don't think it does a lot of good to have a 100-year inventory and I don't know if I sleep for a while if I had a five year inventory, though so somewhere around there I know that there exact right number I really can't say, but I think that probably get you somewhere in the ballpark.
Evan Calio: Great. In the pacing concept, does it -- do you think the sales utilized can match ability to redeploy capital obviously neutralizing for many kind of commodity change or is it just going to run its course with results and location count?
Dave Hager: Well. We see this billion dollar divestment program is just giving us additional certainty with and we would do it anyway, because it's the right thing, because it's a right given the depth of our inventory. We also see that same time that commodity prices have weakened somewhat and so this gives us greater certainty around the fact that we are going to have the cash flow to execute on a very high return program in 2018. Now as we see in 2019 we're going to continue to ramp up activity and we again as we finish more of this appraisal work more of it gets de-risk the 2018 and the end of the game for us we see continuing to ramp up and capital and activity as we move forward beyond that this just going to continue to accelerate our growth and future years. And we will, if the all the appraisal work, works out as we anticipate it well I think that we would be looking at additional divestments depending on commodity prices to how strong those are but we're probably looking at additional investments to focus our capital even more. 
Evan Calio: Great, I appreciate it guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo with TPH. Please go ahead.
Matt Portillo: Good morning, Dave, and team. Morning Just first question I wanted to follow up on comments around the upper Eagle Ford you made at the beginning with the successful commercial delineation just curious how that potentially impacts your view on inventory in the play and with the new diamond pattern that you're currently title piloting how much think about your core inventory over the next few years.
Dave Hager: Matt, we're very pleased with the well results we saw with the acceleration of our ductwork into Q1. That data is being incorporated open to Devon and BHPs technical thoughts right now but the lower Eagle Ford staggered wells worked extremely well the Upper Eagle Ford wells that were incorporated in that plan worked very well. We're drilling Austin Chalk wells at this time so, I don't know the technical teams of come out with their plan I would just made somewhere between 500, and 1000 locations and going forward, the main thing to think about at this point is we've got two rigs operating right now on the plate and anticipate probably three in the second half of this year. Those will be utilized when the guys are have incorporated all these results into their thoughts.
Tony Vaughn: And that really just another thought to that is that when you think about the Eagle Ford where well we do have some very high returning inventory in a multi-year basis that we can execute upon the transition of the Eagle Ford really is a free cash flow generator for our stack in Delaware Basin growth and I think that's how you need to perceive that asset with regard to the strategic fit in our portfolio of very high margin barrels, great results, but it's certainly we're going to harvest that cash flow and put it over the basin.
Matt Portillo: Great. And then as follow-up just in regards to the PRV highlighted some fantastic Parkman wells here in the rates of return on a, on a well level basis are competitive with the Delaware in the stack just curious from a milestone perspective what we should be watching for over the next year or two in term opportunities to scale the PRB further in regards to production and capital allocation?
Dave Hager: Our plans right now we're bringing in a second rig pretty quick so, we're encouraged by what we have we're starting to prosecute some of the new lands that we picked up this past year in the southern portion of our property and again it's going to be cash flow available to allocate between Delaware stack in the Rockies will these kind of the, the question that we evaluate quarter-to-quarter but we've got inventory and permits are coming we've got to get another good relationship there with the BLM office that is progressing. And we feel pretty good about uncertainty of execution in the powder as well as we did in the stack in the, in the Delaware.
Matt Portillo: Great thank you very much.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from the line of John [indiscernible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thank you. As you get these bigger drilling units, Dave -- Tony has discussed some of the efficiencies you're gaining the fact that vendors like long term visibility do you see a point where as these filling units are larger that you have such concentrated activity that you're willing to do multi-year deals or that the vendors would do multi-year deals and also would behoove you if they're not willing to do that to be perhaps more integrated?
Dave Hager: Absolutely, John, and we have already done that on sand and we do see that is and I think Tony tried to allude to that that but that's one of the advantages that we see because this does provide certainty of activity and with us working directly with the sand mines for instance they like that because they really know then okay, we're dealing with counties is actually going to drill the well so, there is a much more certainty of demand in areas dealing with a service company who is relying on representations from a number of operators. And it's not a service company solve with a beta is not knowing it is detail whether those plans are going to be true or not where dealing directly with the Devon with a house standing reputation and following through on what we say we're going to do. We see that's an advantage and allows them to have confidence to enter into multiyear agreements with us.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, good. With respect to the Eagle Ford I just heard you know about the harvest mode essentially put the Delaware in the stack what if BHP wanted to exit would you be interested in that position or you would just consider again the Eagle Ford to be more of a cash flow source.
Dave Hager: I don't know we have to I'd hate to say on any individual asset whether we would be interested or not instead. I think it is probably fair to say that we tend to like things where we see value gaps and a lot of times of value gaps of appear because of a perception of what the upside of an asset may be from one company to another. So, I think given the maturity of the asset there's probably not as much inventory there as or maybe in other areas where there could be value gaps. Newest prefer more undeveloped acres so, I don't think that's a big focus for us right now, but I'd never have you know I mean have to see how it evolves, but that's initial thoughts.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much, Dave.
Scott Coody: I'm showing us at the top of the hour. So, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if we didn't get your question, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, everyone for attending. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you and good morning. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes: Our earnings release, forward-looking guidance, and our detailed operations report. Also, on the call today are: Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer; Tom Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to our questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. And, with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Scott, and welcome, everyone. For Devon, 2016 was a transformational year. We successfully reshaped our portfolio around top two franchise assets, the STACK and Delaware Basin, providing us a sustainable multi-decade growth platform. With these world-class assets, we delivered outstanding operational performance throughout the year. Our drilling programs generated the best well productivity results in Devon's 45-year history and we maximized the value of every barrel produced with cost reduction efforts that reached $1.3 billion of annual savings. We also took important steps during the year to strengthen our investment grade financial position with the timely completion of our $3.2 billion asset divestiture program. Overall, while 2016 will certainly be remembered for extreme volatility in the energy markets, our unwavering focus on the controllable aspects of our business yielded extremely strong results and we laid the groundwork for Devon to deliver differentiated growth in margins and cash flow expansion as commodity prices recover. As we look to 2017, the next step in our strategic plan is to accelerate investment across our U.S. resource plays, while maintaining our low-cost structure to maximize profitability. With an improving cash flow stream, we are planning to steadily ramp up drilling activity throughout the year to as many as 20 operated drilling rigs by the end of 2017, roughly doubling our rig count from year-end 2016. This ramp up in activity would represent an upstream investment of $2.0 billion to $2.3 billion for the full-year 2017. The majority of this capital will be concentrated on low-risk drilling activity in the STACK and Delaware Basin, and is expected to jumpstart companywide production growth, driving light oil production in the U.S. approximately 15% higher for the full-year 2017 compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. Additionally, we expect to deliver this attractive growth profile with substantially lower operating costs. In fact, lease operating expenses within our U.S. resource plays in 2017 are expected to be 30% lower than peak rates a few years ago, further bolstering the profitability of our top tier asset portfolio. Looking beyond the attractive growth profile Devon is going to deliver in 2017, we're even more excited about our outlook for 2018. Given the nature of pad drilling, the majority of the rig activity deployed in 2017 will provide an even-greater impact to production in 2018. Due to these timing considerations, there is significant operational momentum across our U.S. resource plays heading into 2018, which we project will advance light oil production by approximately 20% on a year-over-year basis. This rapid growth in our highest margin product, coupled or combined with our low-cost structure, positions Devon to deliver peer rating cash flow expansion in today's strip prices. Hopefully, you can sense my enthusiasm for the significant value we expect to generate with our capital programs in 2017 and 2018. Looking beyond 2018, Devon unquestionably has the quality and depth of resource within our asset portfolio to deliver high returning and sustainable growth for many years to come. Between STACK and Delaware Basin alone, which are two of the very best positioned plays on the North American cost curve, we have exposure to more than 1 million net acres of stacked pay potential. Across these world-class acreage positions, we have identified in excess of 30,000 potential drilling locations, of which, approximately one-third have already been de-risked through successful appraisal work. To further advance our understanding into the ultimate inventory and resource potential within Devon, we have several catalyst-rich projects underway in 2017. In the STACK, we're participating in several Meramec infill pilots can further expand our risked inventory beyond the 40% increase we announced today. These pilots will also help refine our initial multi-zone development in 2017. This milestone development called the Showboat project, is evaluating around 15 wells, a single drilling unit, across three landing zones. Ultimately, we believe we could have spacing as high as 20 to 30 wells in a single drilling unit when co-developing the Meramec and Woodford together. Moving to the Woodford, I'd encourage everyone not to lose sight of this under-appreciated play within the STACK. With a massive Hobson and Jacobs Row developments, we expect a step change in efficiency through improved completion and longer laterals that could deliver returns rivaling that of a Meramec formation. In fact, early flow back results from our operating position of the Hobson Row look outstanding with initial well results tracking at, or above, our EUR type curve of 1.6 million BOE per well. Additionally, gross peak production from the Hobson Row are well on their way to exceeding 40,000 BOE per day in the second quarter of this year. 2017 will also be an important year for our Leonard and Wolfcamp programs in the Delaware Basin, with nearly 60% of our drilling programs in the area devoted toward characterizing these emerging oil plays. We expect the activity to have a material impact to Devon's companywide resource potential and we are eager to progress our understanding of the 12,000-plus potential locations we have identified between these two plays. Looking beyond this Delaware and STACK, we're nearing an initial flow black of our diamond spacing in the Eagle Ford, which could expand our high return inventory into play. In the Rockies, rig activity underway is de-risking the Powder River Basin oil fairway, and the technical teams in the Barnett are experimenting with game-changing horizontal refrac technology. As you can see, there are many significant projects ongoing that will help us further characterize the full resource potential we possess across our resource plays. With continued appraisals of success, these catalyst-rich drilling efforts in 2017 will further supplement our great collection of assets that are well balanced between scalable growth plays and top-tier cash flow generating properties. This advantaged asset base provides tremendous optionality going forward. And lastly, I want to be very clear on this. While having a premier portfolio is essential to winning in the E&P space, developing these assets through superior execution is equally important. Over the past few years, we have done a tremendous amount of work here at Devon to reshape our corporate culture and made a commitment to invest in leading-edge technology to establish a competitive edge. Through this pursuit of excellence, we have substantially reduced drilling times, we have maximized value per well with industry-leading completion designs, and we've optimized our base production with best-in-class field operations. Notably, these efforts have not only lowered costs across the board but they have dramatically increased Devon's well productivity by greater than 300% since 2012. This quality work firmly places us among the very best operators in North America. However, we are not satisfied with our recent accomplishments, and the teams here at Devon are passionately pursuing to improve all aspects of our business in 2017. With the drill bit, I absolutely expect capital efficiency and well productivity will continue to ratchet higher as we shift a majority of our drilling activity toward extended-reach laterals in the STACK and Delaware Basin. Additionally, we are aggressively taking steps to offset industry inflation by decoupling historically bundled services, and we're utilizing a much more diversified vendor universe to achieve the best value for our LOE and capital dollars. We are also adding long-term service contracts, where prudent, to better capture terms at the bottom of the cycle. Another area of our business that has the potential to meaningfully improve our operating performance is the application of innovative technologies in the realm of Big Data, where we view ourselves as leaders in the E&P space. We are at the forefront of these emerging technology trends that will help us continue to deliver improved results through predictive analytics and the deployment of artificial intelligence in our field operation. We are just scratching the surface with regards to the potential of our advanced analytics initiatives, which we believe have the potential to unlock hundreds of millions of dollars of value annually. We expect the application of these technologies to not only to contribute to better well productivity, but also to help us further optimize our operating costs and keep overhead expense lower through more efficient data systems and workflow across our organization. So in summary, the future is very bright for Devon. We have the right assets, the right technical staff, the right culture, and our business is backstopped by an investment grade financial position. As we execute on our strategic plan, Devon shares are positioned to deliver peer-leading returns through our rapid shift to higher-margin production, substantial cash flow growth, and a re-rating of our trading multiples better reflects our premium assets and operatorship. With that, I'll turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt as time permits. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So you guys – you added significant locations in the Meramec and you have a large location upside in the Delaware where you're ramping up activity most this year. I guess the question is, is how do you think about the portfolio impact if your location count continues to grow? And do you have enough confidence in the current direction to trigger another round of asset sales in 2017?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we obviously are working our way through the appraisal of a number of different zones, as you highlight, both in the STACK play and the Delaware Basin. And the results so far have been very, very encouraging that we've seen with not only the number of zones that are working in both of these plays as well as the potential or down spacing in both of these plays. So we think we have the – we're positioned in a couple of the best basins in onshore North America, and we have some of the best position in those best basins. So we feel really good about that. We do want to further our understanding before we make any strategic decisions such as that. We're also working some of these other areas that may be consideration and we're improving the results in those areas at the same time. We're going to have – for instance in the Barnett, we're going to have a refrac program that is at a substantially lower cost than we've done previously that could really be a game-changer in terms of the returns on that program. We're also going to drill some new wells with modern drilling and completion technology that hasn't been done for several years. So we want to see all of this work come together as far as finalizing or getting more data as far as how big our inventory really is in these top-tier resource plays and in doing some work in some of these other plays to really understand the full potential of these plays before making any sort of strategic decision. Now, I'll say, if you go back over the past few years, we haven't been – if you look at us as a company, we haven't been hesitant to make the right decision at the right time as far as optimizing our portfolio. We think it's really important to, if we ever do make a decision this way, that we have the best information available when we do that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Maybe a follow up on the delineation side. I mean, you have two rigs in Woodward and Dewey counties, they're outside the core of the play, can you discuss what your testing there? What zones? And potentially what that could de-risk for you?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I'm going to let Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, answer that question for you.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Evan, we've got – I think we've commented before but we have about 80,000 acres outside the core of our footprint in STACK. You probably have read some of the competitors are testing for the Osage and the Meramec and we're continuing to work some prospectivity in those areas, trying to gain an understanding of really where the play moves.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Any idea on timing there in terms of when we might have some results there?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: We're engaged in some operations right now, both on the drilling and the completions side of it. So it'd probably be the second half of 2017 before we have a better understanding about our thoughts there.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Good results, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hopefully you can hear me okay.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yes.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dave, can you just remind us what is the spacing assumption, I guess wells for DSU, that you're assuming in the 1,600 locations in the Meramec. And what's behind my question is, 20 to 30, it seems like quite a big step-up, and I'm just wondering if you could help frame for us if that's across the entire play or just the over pressured area or just how you're thinking about how that 1,600 locations has – what the upside risk is for that?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: All right. Doug, thanks for the question. In summary, we see tremendous potential for that continuing to increase through time. Right now we average six wells per section across the entire position in that number. As we – and it is a much higher number, probably around 13 wells per production, and obviously, the average six is much lower outside the core and we've essentially put none of the locations we've counted within the liquids-rich part of the window, where we are participating along with some of our peer companies and the drilling activity there as well. So we see that there is tremendous upside to this as we further appraise the entire area. So we're just getting started.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I appreciate that. I guess I'm going to ask you about the portfolio as well, if I may, because let's assume you have a tripling or a quadrupling of the inventory in the STACK, I think Tony has said in the past that your Delaware Basin slope or your Delaware slope acreage probably wouldn't compete for capital; your Barnett production or assets probably struggles to compete for capital, so what do you need to see to – or whether or not you can actually confirm that is the case that those are maybe non-core assets, and what do you need to see to maybe start thinking about moving those forward as another assets disposition program ? And I will it leave it there. Thanks.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, again, we are looking to further quantify just how rich our inventory is. We know it's rich, but we would like to get more information on the spacing in the various intervals that we're testing both in the STACK play and the Delaware Basin. Also, and just how many of these different intervals are working. So we would like to further detail that to know for sure. It has certainly been true historically that the slope in the Delaware Basin does not appear to compete as well. Although I will note there've been some pretty big purchases their recently by some other companies. But I think historically it has not competed as well. And the Barnett, although you can get returns well above the cost of capital, have not competed in our portfolio. But again, we are currently testing some innovations in the refrac technology side to significantly lower that cost, and we're trying some new wells out there with modern drilling and completion. So we would like to understand that potential before, both in terms of just how deep our inventory is, and also what is the real upside better from these other plays before we make a final decision. We understand the question very well. It's not lost on us. We understand, and like I say, we have not hesitated historically when the time is right to make these strategic decisions. But that's what we're working through before we make a decision.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very clear, Dave. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe a question on the – the first question on the type curve in the STACK. I mean, at this point, you've only provided one that's been for a 5,000 foot well. Any color on how we should think about the reserves from the 10,000 foot longer laterals that you're drilling now? And 30 day rates? Should we extrapolate in terms of kind of reserves for lateral foot from the 5,000 foot wells? And what's the average well cost at this point are you expecting from a 10,000-foot lateral?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Hey, Ryan, this is Scott. And, last quarter, we did roll out our first extended-reach type-curve for what we considered the overpressured oil window within the STACK and the EURs on that are approaching 2 million barrels per well on an equivalent basis. And depending upon the strength of the casing, whether it's two or three, the cost of the – D&C cost can range from $7.5 million to $9 million. And from an IP rate perspective, these are pretty prolific wells as well; it's well north of 2,000 barrels equivalent per day on a 30-day rate. So that's our initial type curve. And I think Tony can talk about maybe what we're seeing at the early results on that and how it's trending.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. Scott did a good job of characterizing the type-curve there for the 10,000-foot wells. And the producing history that we've had on those is really exhibiting better performance over time than even the 5,000-foot laterals. So there is additional upside in our type-curve, I believe. We need more information to look at that, but we're quite pleased with the 10,000-foot wells over the 5000-foot wells and we'll certainly try to maximize every opportunity we can to drill those 10,000 footers.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And on the longer laterals, is there room – I appreciated the incremental shift towards 65% of the inventory of 1,700 wells in the STACK being the longer lateral. Is there room for that to shift higher at this point? Or how should we expect your ability to drill longer laterals to trend over the next little while?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, Ryan, I think that's what our technical teams do every day. I think they're looking for opportunities to core up either through small-scale land acquisitions or trades and also, looking to work with other operators there. We've got a great relationship with the other primary operators in STACK trying to maximize the efficiency of each of our operations, and so that's working quite well. And I think the positions are largely made between the large operators. So there is potential for that to continually inch its way up.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And then maybe if I can ask one on your view on costs. I mean, what did your 2017 capital budget assume in terms of well costs relative to constant 2016? How much inflation do you assume? What are you seeing today? And any expectations on what you expect over the course of 2017 and maybe into 2018 in terms of the cost structure?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: When we were out a few months ago talking about that, we said we expected high-single digit inflation across all aspects of the business. We have revised that upwards a little bit now, we're saying now in the 10% to 15% across all aspects of the business. And so if you look at our – and we have accounted for that in the capital guidance that we provided to you. We were originally talking about a capital program around $2 billion, a couple, three months ago. It's been now at a $2 billion to $2.3 billion. We probably upped the midpoint about $150 million of that. About $100 million of that is due to just moving up the timing of some rig activity, particularly in the Delaware Basin. And about the other $50 million or so is due to additional cost inflation. Now at the same time, we think we can largely mitigate about 75% of this cost inflation that we anticipate to see this year. And you're seeing examples of us across our portfolio where we're lowering the drill times associated with these wells. Our 24/7 365 drilling control room is really helping out a great deal with the efficiency, and nearly 100% in zone on these wells. So yes, it does appear the inflation has picked up somewhat from a few months ago, but we think we can largely offset that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. My first question just involves your CapEx program from this year of $2.5 billion at the midpoint, which is kind of below your upstream cash flow potential that you highlight on page six of the ops report of $2.7 billion. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on spending a little bit below cash flow and the strategy behind that and maybe some thoughts around 2018. You highlighted $3.5 billion of upstream cash flow potential. What does that 20%-type growth number for U.S. light oil, what does that embed in terms of CapEx next year?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well – hi, Arun. This is Dave. First off, from a corporate standpoint, given the strength of our balance sheet and our financial strength, we are comfortable right now spending approximately at cash flow in any given year. We want to stay a strong investment-grade credit company. And we believe with our net debt position at this point that the spending within cash flow is approximately where we should be. Now, we recognize, depending on whose price deck you use that there may be the potential to – that we may have a little bit of free cash flow this year. I think frankly, there probably you would have to subtract off the dividend off the numbers in our book there, and then you'd probably see we're really at cash flow neutral. But if there is the potential where we have a little bit stronger cash flow than we anticipate, we certainly have the program and we are very confident we can deliver on good returns on that program for a little bit higher capital spend. So that we are not doing – not announcing we're doing that, obviously, right now but that potential is there. We have some of the highest, best positions in onshore North America, and we have focused on delivering outstanding returns on that. And we could ratchet up to some degree our capital spending and be confident that we could maintain those returns. As far as the 2017 – or excuse me – the 2018 capital program, basically, what we're – we're not going to give you specific numbers there, but do feel comfortable stating that we're roughly planning to once again spend within cash flow and deliver on our growth targets that we've outlined there.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Another thing to keep in mind on that, the 2018 capital spend really has a bigger impact on 2019 production than it does 2018 production. Really, the bulk of the 2018 production given the time delay between when you spend the money and you just have first production is largely determined by the 2017 capital spend.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's great. I guess my follow-up is I wanted to go back to a comment that you all put in the press release just talking about Canada and the tremendous upside exists within your Canadian resource potential. You highlighted $1.4 billion of resource potential there. Wanted to see – obviously, a lot around Canada recently with the market concern around border taxes. How are you thinking about an investment decision at Pike? And given the resource potential that you have in the Delaware as well as the STACK and elsewhere in the Lower 48 portfolio, I was wondering how you guys were thinking about Pike, obviously that's with BP?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, that's a decision that we will visit the second half of 2017. We are very confident that Pike is going to be like Jackfish in the sense that it's going to be a top 10% type project in the SAGD. Geologically, it looks just as good if not better than a Jackfish project. And obviously, we've have shown the ability to execute on the construction side at Jackfish as well as anybody and we have the graphs in our operations report that just show the efficiency with which we're able to manage that production too in terms of steam-oil-ratios and it also goes back as well to just the quality of other reservoir. So we like the project a great deal. Now, obviously, the question is not what prices are going to be in 2017, but what we anticipate prices will be when first production happens, which would probably be around 2021 or so. And so we are hoping to get some greater clarity on that question. There are other variables that, obviously, factor into it beyond price and also just the capital costs. We do not necessarily see the proposed border adjustment tax as a negative to Canadian prices. We do see where it could be a positive overall for our portfolio and that the bulk of our oil is in the U.S. and we think it would cause WTI prices to go up. It may cause the differentials to increase a little bit, but not necessarily lower the prices coming out of Canada, because that heavy oil is needed by the refineries here in the U.S. That's what they're tooled to handle. And with the decrease in Mayan crude, particularly too, we think that the draw on Canadian crude will still be there largely. So we don't see that as a negative on our Canadian operations at all. You might even benefit from a positive FX as well, impact to it. So we'll visit that question in the second half of the year. We like the project a lot but, obviously, it does take a – it's a little bit lower return in our well-oriented programs here in the U.S., but the way I'd like to describe is more the bond in our portfolio. It's a lower risk. We know how do it and generate good returns with it. So we'll make a call along with our partner, BP, later on in the year on this.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dave, and to the rest of your team there.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Charles.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: I'd like to ask a question about the Delaware Basin. And I know we spent a lot of time talking about what you guys are doing up there, in Lea and Eddy counties, but you've got this other center of gravity down there along the Reeves and Ward line, along the Pecos River. And I'm sure it hasn't escaped your attention that there has been a lot of A&D activity down there. And I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what the nature of your position down there is and how testing your development on that position slots into your drilling plans for this year and beyond?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Tony is dying to tell you about it, Charles. That's why we call our Maveda (32:25) area down there. And so, I'm going to let Tony talk about it a while.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles, you're right. There is a lot of A&D work down there. A lot of extremely high price per acre transactions have occurred. We've watched that. We've also spent a good bit of a subsurface evaluation time on our position looking at the results from our competitors there. So we think we're in the right country for good return work. We've got activity planned for the latter part of 2017. And again, as we manage our investment in the Delaware Basin, we've tried to highlight the primary areas that we'll be working there in our operating reports. So while we'll be drilling about 100 wells, the majority of those will be in those four areas there in southeastern Mexico. But we are working on some appraisal-type work in the Maveda (33:23) area and certainly watching a lot of activity around us that are helping us de-risk that. So it's a good play, as you mentioned, and something we'll incorporate into our development plans.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's great detail, Tony. Thank you. And, Dave, for my follow-up, I'd like to pick up on something you said in your prepared remarks. You talked about Devon being a leader in Big Data. To the extent you're comfortable, can you tell us where in your operations you're using Big Data that's yielding good results? And what makes you a leader? And what sort of things should we look for going forward from your efforts on this front?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Tony would like to do this one also.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles, thanks for the question. And it's probably about three years ago, we made a large commitment internally to be more fact-based and data-driven in our day-to-day work. We spent quite a bit of time in that, we brought in and incorporated some people from outside the industry to help us get through that work. So collectively, it's been a big effort. So as we've taken the information or that data collection and we talk about all the different types of subsurface data that we're acquiring, also that has been included in our surface work. So we stood up some decision-support centers was the first thing that we did, just monitoring all of our producing assets from around the company. Minimizing downtime, trying to maximize the production rate from that, but it really has greatly expanded from that. So while we're acquiring a lot of this information, we've found ways now to get that information in the hands of our technical teams, more real-time than we have in the past. And so the data reporting has elevated us to a new level here internally. We're incorporating that into all phases of our business. And some different areas that we're working on it, as you mentioned, was on a artificial lift reliability. So now we're watching daily information – more than daily information on all of our submersible pumps and gas lift injection rates across the company and are able to better predict the reliability of those pumps. We're able to better schedule maintenance on those pumps so we have limited downtime. We're also incorporating this data into our well flow-back type work. We're able to monitor our rates and pressures and really get the wells off of the well flow back environment quicker. That happens to save about $50,000 per well. We've incorporated this data into our coal-tipping drill outs and the completion phase of our work. And so while we're seeing this pressure and rate information on that portion of our business, it's also accelerating our coal-tipping drill outs to the point of saving about $100,000 per well. And then we're also incorporating this into our drilling business now, so we're using it to help geosteer wells and position our drill bit and using that data really to do it in a quicker, more efficient manner than we can, with just standing up additional personnel to watch that on a day-by-day basis. So Charles, we've talked to you a little bit about the WellCon center in the past and at one time, we probably had 30 to 40 people working in that WellCon, and now it's under 10 people still managing the same type of work, perhaps looking at more information than we have in the past and making real-time decisions. It's really just causing things like our Delaware Basin wells we're getting from spud to TD in about 10 days now. And probably about a year ago at the time that we were more active there, that was about 17 or 18 days. So this is just a way that has tuned up our business in small increments across the company.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thanks for the detail, Tony.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, all. In terms of all your various choices, could you talk a little bit at a high level about the marginal decision between natural gas and oil? It just seems that the prices are so far apart of the two commodities. But I'd like to know more about your sort of thinking in terms of what kind of returns you need? What kind of risk you put on either kind of activity? Thank you.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Paul, I'm not sure exactly where you're going with that, but what I would say is that we obviously are driven by returns in all of our capital allocation decisions. And those returns are largely driven by the – what the anticipated prices are for both oil and natural gas. Given right now the relative strength of oil compared to natural gas, that does mean that the bulk of our capital program is going to those plays that have a higher proportion of oil versus our dry gas type opportunities. We still have some of those in the portfolio, and the Barnett would be the big one and some areas even in a deeper part of Cana for instance, that we're – not have a lot of activity going. So that will drive our capital allocation decisions; they were just our belief in what the relative strength of the commodities will be. And obviously, that not only does it from our capital allocation, but we take that into account when we are making strategic decisions as to where we think the portfolio should be positioned.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, I mean, I guess it's a fairly simple question but it was really the Barnett that I was thinking of and how come there would be any kind of investment? I mean, how good do the returns have to be given the price discrepancy between the two commodities? And is it sort of a maintenance activity with distributor CapEx going there, or is there genuine – I mean you said that you pursue return, so I just wondered quite how you could get there. It must be...
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we're spending money there not to maintain production. We are 100% dedicated to putting our capital where we believe the highest returns are. In the case of the Barnett – and Tony can detail it, we are spending a little bit of capital there this year, not a large amount because we are investigating the – how well a new re-frac design, which may be around $700,000 versus previously is around $1 million to $1.2 million cost to re-frac those wells – how well that is going to work. And if that is successful, it could have returns that are very competitive within our portfolio. There is also the potential that with a modern drilling and completion design that you could also have returns that are competitive within our portfolio. Remember, we haven't had an active drilling program there for several years and there has been tremendous advancements on both the drilling and completion side since then. So we aren't putting a lot of capital into that, but the only reason we are is because we believe that that could lead to a program that could be competitive within our portfolio or anybody else's portfolio if we choose to make a strategic decision around that.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, I think that's what I was driving at. It's just interesting that there's any kind of activity there. And I guess it's a bit bearish for natural gas that there is. Just the second question would be on the Delaware. Can you talk more about the nature of your activity there? Is it primarily an appraisal-type activity or is it in the exploration realm? Thanks.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Paul, it's really not in the exploration nor the appraisal. We're doing a little bit of appraisal work across our position, but for the most part, we're moving into developments in 2017. And so you will see on the operating report on the Delaware section there, the four core areas that we're working. We've already got three rigs stood up right now working the Thistle area. That's going to be predominantly a Leonard Shale development. We've announced in December that we had a couple of good wells stacked on top of each other in the B and the C, and we've seen industry work in the A. So we think we have a very hearty development plan there for the Thistle area. And Cotton Draw has been an area that we've had a – the majority of our historic second Bone Spring work. And again, we'll have rigs working there through the year, developing additional Bone Springs, Delaware, Leonard and some Wolfcamp-type activity. And in the Rattlesnake in the southeastern portion of our position there, we'll actually be standing up work there in the second half of the year, prosecuting the Leonard Shale but primarily the Wolfcamp. And we've seen some really outstanding results from some operators adjacent to our footprint there in Rattlesnake that have had some stellar wells. So we're really trying to move our Delaware and STACK into the development mode as quick as we can. We continue to do some amount of appraisal work year-in year-out just to prepare for the next year's developments.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great...
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Hey. And Paul, real quick. This is Scott. Just to add on a little bit at the end of that, just to provide a percentage, about three-quarters of our activity is going to be development drilling. And that's one of the reasons why we're so confident with our production outlook with the Delaware Basin. If you look in our operations report, you're going to see greater than 20% growth from Q4 to Q4 on a 2017 to 2016 basis. And obviously, we expect to stabilize production in the first quarter. And even more important, I think, is just how excited we are about the momentum that carries into 2018. So this is absolutely going to be a strong growth asset with some of the best returns in North America.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great and thank you for your help.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Portillo from TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just a quick question on the Jacobs Row. Wanted to see if we could get a little bit of color around how you're thinking about the hydrocarbon mix, obviously Hobson's gotten into an oilier section from a development perspective and Jacobs offsets that. And then I wanted to see if we could get any high-level color in regards to timing of, kind of, rig allocation there and when we may start to see first production from that very large development.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, this is Tony again. And just let me start a little bit with the work that we're doing on the Hobson Row and then I'll move into that Jacobs Row there. But we're about halfway through that five-section position that we have in the Hobson Row. And Dave's opening comments, he commented the results we're having there are outstanding and we're on track with that development. What's unique about the Hobson Row, the reason why I wanted to bring this up is that if you start – as you start on the west side of that five-section footprint there, you've got fairly leaner fluid type that we're producing, but as you move through the – quickly move into the heart of those five sections, we have a higher oil content there. And so we've commented that we're seeing 25%-plus oil content. As you move to the far eastern side of that footprint, we expect it to be even higher there. So while we don't have everything completely delineated on the Jacobs Row, I think it's going to be in that higher oily mix, at least to 25% going forward. When we think about the timing of bringing in rigs for the Jacobs Row, we're in the midst of our plans right now. We think that will be the second half of 2017. You can see there that it's a larger development in the Hobson Row. We're going to incorporate the number of rigs and frac crews to timely get through that so we're maximizing the present value of that operation.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. And then just a follow up to Canada. We've continued to see improvements on the operating side in regards to Jackfish. I was curious if there is any other de-bottlenecking opportunities for expansion on the production side. And then a follow on to the comments on Pike. If we think about, kind of, 2018 and 2019, if you were to move forward with potentially sanctioning, what sort of call on capital could we expect, ballpark, around the project?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, I'd tell you, I've got to complement our operating team in Canada right now. They are extremely efficient, they have de-bottlenecked J1, J2 and J3 to the point we're seeing daily production rates, 10,000 barrels, 12,000 barrels per day above nameplate capacity. And that's a function of de-bottlenecking on the surface, but it's also – it's a function of their clear understanding of how to optimize steam injection into that high quality rock. So we're rocking along at a pretty high rate in our minds. We've got some fairly new pads that have been brought on in the latter part of 2016 that has really helped move that production rate up. We're starting to work on another pad that will have some rate benefit in early 2018. But they're doing an excellent job on the Jackfish operating of those plants there. As you think about Pike going forward, it's really a fairly minor capital draw on the company. As you think about that, we're 50/50 with BP. We staggered the capital profile out so, just to give you order of magnitude, if we were to sanction later this year, in 2018, that draw would be about $50 million net and would go to about $150 million for the next couple of years. Dave mentioned, we'll get the first team about 2021. So in the grand scheme of things, it's really about 5% of the company capital as you look out in time. So it's really not that significant.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Dave, I hope I won't wear you down again with another, kind of, portfolio kind of question, but when you step back and look, obviously, you talk about the potential of 20,000-plus wells in the Delaware, you're drilling about 100 this year. So certainly it seems like at the current pace, the value potential is not being maximized. But as you step back and understand how industries have been fairly aggressive of buying acreage in the Delaware Basin at what looks like pretty, pretty good prices. And it seems like your desire to maybe want to maximize the value by finding out first what you have and what new technology will show you on those assets. How do you balance the two? And when you look at it, is it more about understanding the potential before you look to monetize it? Or is there a consideration, we may just keep this and decide to outspend cash flow to monetize it ourselves. Can you just give us a sense of the high-level perspective?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I'm not going to announce anything today, so I'm not sure I can really answer that question fully. But I would say we're working both sides to really understand what the potential is in a more complete manner in our core plays both in the STACK and the Delaware Basin, as well as trying to make sure we understand the true value of other assets that may be considered for monetization. You never have complete knowledge. We understand that. There is not a set point in time where you fully understand, and you would make this call. But it's our judgment right now that we would like to learn more rather than make that decision today. But again, it's not lost on us that there is at some point that call will have to be made, one way or the other. And we certainly, as I keep saying it, have not shown any reluctance to do that historically when we think the time is right to do that. We fully understand the values that are being paid in the Delaware Basin. We understand all the variables. I don't need to iterate or lay them all out on the table here I don't think. But we just feel that it would be helpful to have some increased knowledge at this point of the continued appraisal in both the STACK and the Delaware Basin before we make that final call.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. No, I appreciate that. And, Dave, just to clarify. So is the likelihood more or less that if the timing is right, the price is right you'd monetize versus look to outspend to bring forth the value?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I would say it has probably, on balance, probably the more likely scenario, that we would go that direction, yes, I would agree with that.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. No, fair enough. Thanks. And as a follow up, could you clarify too on your identified inventory in the Permian, how much of that is roughly in the slope versus in the basin? And down in the Nevada area, if you could just clarify what the size of that position is?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. Scott, this is Scott. With regards to the inventory, probably two-thirds is going to be in the basin, which we consider is superior returns to the slope. And as far as the acreage, you're probably looking 55% of our acreage from a surface perspective is going to be located in the basin as well. So we're certainly levered to the basin.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Biju Perincheril from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks. Good morning. Dave, you talked about two Bone Spring wells in the operations report, and I was wondering, are those wells targeted in similar landing zones as what you've been targeting there? Or would this be something different?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: And, Biju, your question, you broke up a little bit. Your question is what landing zones for the Bone Spring in those particular wells? And I will hand it over to Tony. But essentially those are in two very different areas than where we've drilled historically. It was the Thistle area, obviously was one of those areas where we drilled the Bone Spring and I believe it's the Todd area is where we drilled our other Bone Spring. And, Tony, feel free to jump in, but obviously I believe it's a second Bone Spring is what the Todd area would be targeting. And when you think about the Thistle, that might be a more shallow member of the Bone Spring.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, the Thistle is going to be really dominated by the Leonard development there, but we do have about half a dozen wells in the second Bone that's going to be drilled, but in the Todd area that's going to be largely dominated by the second Bone Springs, a little bit of Leonard and Wolfcamp activity there. We also know that we had the Upper Bone Springs second Bone Spring's member available to us in Cotton Draw and the Todd area that we'll be incorporating into our developments.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: But, Biju, just to provide a more global thought when you think about our overarching inventory and the play for the Bone Spring, we have inventory across the first, second and third members of the Bone Springs. So – and it just depends on where you're at within the basin. It can be very localized. But certainly, we're more heavily levered towards that second Bone Spring opportunity, which we believe delivers the best returns.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. And then my second question is in the Meramec, when I look at the Alma pilot versus the Pump House, the middle well in Pump House is performing right in line with the outer wells. Maybe you see it's a little bit lower performance on the bounded wells in the Alma, which I guess is what you would expect normally. Just wondering, that difference in the two, the two pilots is – how do you explain that? Is that geologies or anything that you did in terms of landing zones or completions that would explain the better performance out of the Pump House pilot?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Biju, we were actually happy with the results out of the Pump House pilot. I think that was helpful for us to understand the lateral spacing that we had there. But the Alma was also – was helpful in understanding what it was. We just – we didn't see the communication between the five-well pilot that we pumped in the Alma, and so we've been pleased with the work that we're seeing in both of those. I'd say the repeatability across our footprint there, primarily in the core of the play, has been extremely high. We're continuing to see better performance in the optimization. In fact, if you looked at some of our year-end reserve work, we're able to add a substantial amount of general revisions due to increased performance from a lot of these new STACK plays in comparison to the original type curves. So we've been pleased with all the pilots. They've been very informative to us. We haven't seen a real train wreck out there and we think the play, at least in the area that the industry has been working, is very repeatable.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: And, Biju, just one thing to add on with that and it's really kind – we've been asked a lot about the upside with the STACK play. And one of the – one example that's lost on a lot of people but not you would be that with that – with the offsetting well actually not showing degradation, and a lot of that comes down to landing zone. We're still optimizing landing zones in this early-stage play. So as we continue to better understand landing zones and we extend these laterals out further, that's where we expect well productivity and capital efficiency to continue to ratchet up in this play.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: All right. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy. Your line in open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. As I was looking at the Hobson chart in your forecast and your comments about where you were as far as timing into that, I had a couple of questions just as you think about that forecast. First, did that include the 40% of the wells that are above the curve, or is this your forecast before you started bring the wells online?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, the forecast is based on our type curve, David.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: So your above the type curve. And so can you – what would be great, I guess as you get into second quarter and third quarter is to overlay the actuals because it looks like that would track above that forecast, just given your bullet number two in that section about the request.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think we'll be happy to, David. I tell you when you look at the results we're seeing, it's extremely early. The results have been above type curve and their wells are cleaning up. But if you remember, we're about – we're probably about halfway through on a real-time basis on these – on the completion of these wells. And so the flow-back is pretty early.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah. No, that's cool. And then, Dave, maybe – I'm a little confused around some of the questions on the call of selling parts of your core assets in the Delaware or the monetization as you're in kind of the early phase of appraisal. I guess I'd assume that you guys are still in the mode of delineating and trying to determine what your potential is and that a sale of any of those assets would be not even a consideration yet. And so did I miss something in kind of where investor expectations were, because it's kind of confusing (58:49) that direction.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I believe the questions, David, were not around the sale of any of our core assets, the core of the Delaware Basin or the core of the STACK or anything but were...
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: The flow?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: ...more directed around some assets that we could still have some capital programs that are probably well above the cost of capital, but they're not going to compete in our portfolio and not going to receive capital. And so the question is, I believe that the people are asking is, at what point will you make that decision that that's not going to be an area that you're going to allocate significant capital to and might consider for rationalization?
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: But certainly, there is no consideration on our point of selling any of the core assets in our portfolio. We're glad we have them and we think we're some of the best, and we're going to execute on them incredibly well.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah, I guess it was just the high-value acreage that may be on the slope and there's been transactions around it. So it is a little more fringy versus on a big block, of course. So maybe that was my confusion. Thanks for clearing that up.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think they that's probably the questionable area, yeah.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I'm showing that we're at the top of the hour, and there're still a lot of people left in our queue. So we apologize for everyone that we're not getting to and – but, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any point which consist of myself and Chris Carr, and have a good day. And we do appreciate your interest in Devon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp. Sue Alberti - Devon Energy Corp. Thomas L. Mitchell - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Coody, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our third quarter financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, which includes forward-looking guidance, and our detailed operations report. Also on the call today are: Dave Hager, President and CEO: Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer; Tom Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Also, I would like to remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Q filings. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Scott, and welcome, everyone. Devon delivered another outstanding performance in the third quarter both operationally and financially. Our development programs delivered the best quarterly drillbit results in Devon's 45-year history, with new wells reaching peak 30-day rates of nearly 2,000 BOE per day. These prolific drilling results were centered in our world-class STACK play, where oil production increased by nearly 40% year over year. Furthermore, the value of Devon's production continued to be enhanced by substantial cost savings achieved during the quarter. We are now on pace to reduce operating and G&A costs by $1 billion for the full year, which provides an uplift to our margins of nearly $5 per BOE produced. In addition to our strong operating performance, another important accomplishment for Devon was the recent completion of our $3.2 billion asset divestiture program. These accretive transactions significantly strengthen our investment-grade position. And as a result, our net debt has now declined by 45% since the beginning of the year. To further enhance our financial position going forward, we've also been much more active building out our hedging position with the recent increase in commodity prices. With a more focused asset base and improved balance sheet, the next step in our strategic plan is to accelerate investment in our world-class onshore resource plays. By the end of next month, we plan to have 10 operated rigs running, focused within our top two franchise assets, the STACK and Delaware Basin. Looking ahead to 2017, we are still working toward finalizing the details of our operating and capital plans. However, I can tell you that at $55 WTI pricing, our upstream cash flow in 2017, including EnLink distributions, is projected to expand by more than the 100% year over year to around $2.5 billion. Under this scenario, we would steadily ramp up drilling activity over the next several quarters to as many as 15 to 20 operated rigs in the U.S. by year-end 2017. This program would represent upstream capital spending of around $2 billion, allowing us to invest within available cash flow. On a retained asset basis, this focused investment in higher-margin projects is expected to drive double-digit oil growth in the U.S. in 2017 compared to the fourth quarter of 2016, which marks the low point in Devon's production profile. As a result of this growth in oil volumes, top line production of 2017 will range from low to mid-single-digit growth compared to Q4 2016. This range is dependent upon our level of ethane rejection during the year. Importantly, this capital plan is designed to create operational momentum and much stronger growth rates heading into 2018. At a $60 WTI price point in 2018, our upstream cash flow has the potential to reach $3.5 billion, a greater than 200% increase from today's levels. Under this scenario in 2018, we will continue to aggressively ramp up our drilling programs within the U.S., with the majority of this capital directed toward the STACK and Delaware Basin. This low-risk drilling activity is expected to drive production growth of greater than 30% from our STACK and Delaware Basin assets in 2018. This strong growth would further transition Devon's product mix toward higher-margin light oil production in the U.S. Now I want to be very clear. While we're excited about the outstanding growth prospects that reside within our portfolio, our capital allocation will be focused on value and rates of return, not to pursue top line production growth. And if commodity price volatility continues, our capital programs have significant flexibility, with no long-cycle project commitments and negligible leasehold expiration issues. This flexibility allows us to be nimble and tailor activity to invest directionally within cash flow. Another strategic imperative for Devon in the upcoming year is to further delineate and better characterize the growing resource base associated with our U.S. resource plays. Between the STACK and Delaware Basin alone, we have exposure to more than 1 million net acres and thousands of development-ready drilling locations that are highly economic at today's prices. To advance our understanding of the ultimate recovery and resource potential within these two world-class plays, we have important appraisal work underway. In the STACK, this catalyst-rich activity is concentrated on the Meramec infill spacing pilots and further derisking of the Woodford oil window. In the Delaware Basin, the Leonard Shale opportunity set continues to expand, and we are now flowing back on our first STACK lateral test that will help shape our view on how to best develop the three prospective landing zones in this oil-rich shale. 2017 will also be a breakout year for our Delaware Basin Wolfcamp program, as we began to actively develop this emerging play. The Wolfcamp will have a material impact to Devon's resource potential in the Delaware, and we are excited about progressing our understanding of the 9,000-plus potential locations we have identified in this play. The bottom line is that Devon's asset portfolio has never been in better shape than it is today, and I believe that the quality and depth of our opportunity set is unmatched in the industry. We possess thousands of undrilled locations that are extremely well positioned on the North American cost curve. This high rate of return inventory will continue to expand as we derisk the tremendous resource upside associated with our STACK and Delaware Basin assets. With this resource expansion, it could necessitate additional high-grading of our portfolio, monetizing less competitive assets and accelerating the development of our highest rate of return inventory. So, in summary, before we move to Q&A, I want to leave you with a few key messages from today's call. First, our improved financial positioning now allows us to aggressively accelerate drilling activity across our best-in-class resource plays while continuing to focus on the value and rate of return of each investment. These accelerated drilling plans will drive attractive cash flow growth in 2017 and 2018 compared to today's level, and continue to transition Devon's product mix toward higher-margin light oil production in the U.S. In conjunction with our shift to higher-margin production, do not lose sight of our peer group leading leverage to rising commodity prices. For every $1 increase in realized price on a per BOE basis, Devon generates more than $200 million of incremental cash flow annually. Looking beyond prices, Devon is also catalyst-rich over the next several quarters, as we further delineate the massive resource upside associated with the STACK and Delaware Basin positions. And finally, with the continued growth in the quality and depth of our resource base, we expect to have an overabundance of opportunities. If this is the case, we are very willing to further high-grade our portfolio and deploy additional investment toward the best projects in our portfolio. With that, I'll turn the call back to Scott.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up question. If you have further questions, you can reprompt as time permits. With that, operator, we will take our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Dave, you mentioned you're evaluating the total inventory as you prepare two core basins to move into development mode in 2017, and that's something that's really supporting a newer 2018 guide here. But the higher-level question, though, is what do you believe the optimal inventory depth should be, maybe on a years of activity basis? It sounds like we should expect a continued rationalization program, if locations grow well beyond those optimal levels. Any thoughts there?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Evan, and that's always a very difficult question to answer exactly. What is the right inventory level? Somewhat akin to the old R-over-P [Reserves-over-Production] ratio we used to talk about for many years. I think you can obviously directionally have so much inventory that you're not maximizing the value of your inventory, or you can have too short of an inventory that there's questions about the long-term growth of the company, so there's certainly a balance point in there. To name an exact amount of years of inventory is somewhat difficult. I'd say I tend to think probably somewhere on the order of 20 years or so seems about appropriate, but it is certainly a subject that I often actually turn the question back over to some of you guys, to give your feeling. But I can tell you, I'm somewhere in that range, 20 years, 25 years, something like that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah 15 years, 20 years from our view. A different question on, you provided a year-end 2016 and 2017 rig target levels, or unit levels. I know the board hasn't approved the budget yet. But can you talk about the ramp that's correlated to the move? Is it back-end loaded as you move into development mode, or is it – what's the ramp pace to the 15 units? And is the five delta something commodity related, or is that maybe asset supported, asset-sales related? Any color there.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Let me walk you through that. So the 10 rigs at year-end 2016 is essentially set, and we are executing that. I think it's important to understand, it's really the 10 rigs plus the completion activity that we are conducting, that's really driving our 2017 volumes. And so that's why we're very excited about the comp on the volumes that we've talked about in the operations report. The ramp up to the 15 to 20 rigs really won't add production in 2017, but that's why we're so excited about 2018 as we do ramp up to that level. That's what's going to provide the even higher growth levels as we move into 2018, led by more than 30% growth in the STACK and the Delaware. Now the variability around that is really more – at this point, I'd say more commodity price driven. Although frankly, we do have – we are committed roughly to live within cash flow. It there's a little bit of variability around that, we're willing to exceed cash flow by a minor amount, perhaps if necessary, supplement with incremental small-scale asset sales. We also, as you know, we've been hedging significantly more, so that's helped underpin and provide more comfort to the cash flows that we'll have in 2017. But the opportunities are there. We're confident that we have the opportunities there. So I'd say the delta is really more commodity price driven than opportunity driven.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Evan, this is Scott. Just one thing I'd like to add on that too. I would also say it's about productivity as well. If you look at where that capital is going, it's going to be focused in the STACK and Delaware Basin, and those are two of the highest rate of change plays that you're seeing, as far as drilling days and improved completion designs. So I would say that we're getting better and better at that, so that would also have an impact with regards to what that rig ramp would be needed, to deliver the production that we've talked about.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, particularly in the (14:30).
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I was trying to say good morning, everybody.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, Dave, you've raised the type curves obviously in the STACK, but you have not addressed the issue of the inventory. My recollection is, you were using four wells per section, three upper and one lower, if I recollect. What do you need to see in terms of your density spacing in order to update that backlog, and what's your early thoughts on it, if you can?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, just to be clear, the inventory is going up. There's no question about that. We've had about three successful pilots so far. I think we've tested now one zone up to seven wells per section. That's worked out very well. We have another 10 pilots or so. They're detailed in the operations report, the locations of those pilots. So really it's just a matter of timing, when we feel like we have enough information from each of those pilots to increase the number. But there's no question it's going up. So, Tony, you want to add any details to that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, I think Dave summed it up perfectly. We're working on coming out of 2017 with development in two of our areas central to the work that we've been doing with the pilots. And we've got the detailed data already in-house on the three operated pilots. We're starting to get data in right now on three non-operated pilots. And as Dave mentioned, we've got another six or seven pilots that we're engaged in now. So all that information is helping us inform our 2017 development plans. And I think, as we get more data under our belt, we'll come out and see a material increase to that inventory.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I guess I'll have to be a little more patient. My follow-up, if I may, is I realize oil is heading in the wrong direction again this morning, and who knows what 2017 is going to look like? But you've laid out a trajectory that's got you tripling cash flow basically by 2018 at $60 oil. I'm just curious as to what should we infer by way of your activity level with that level of cash flow? And perhaps in even a higher oil price environment, where does Devon go in terms of activity, or do we flatten out at a targeted growth level at a particular rig level, but maybe return cash to shareholders at some point?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, as you well know, we have a very deep inventory of opportunities, and certainly the two franchise assets that we have are the STACK play and the Delaware Basin play. And so if prices go even higher than that, we certainly can ramp up activity even further there. We are always going to be mindful, though. I want to emphasize; we're going to be mindful of the returns. So we're not driven by top line production growth. We are driven by getting good returns for every dollar in our capital program, but we feel we have the opportunities we could further drive up activity in both of those areas, plus we have other areas that we are not funding right now as much as could be if we had higher cash flow levels. They already have returned well above the cost of capital, but they just don't compete as well as the Delaware Basin and the STACK. In the Rockies, we are starting to fund now with one rig. We could add activity there with strong returns. And even the Barnett, and we've laid out some numbers in the operations report how we're driving down the cost there. We think we have a program that we can do both from the horizontal refracs and from additional drilling locations that right now are well above the cost of capital. They're just not as good as the Delaware Basin and STACK, so we are focusing our capital there because they're the highest returns. So we do not have a shortage of opportunities. And so I think if prices are even higher, we'd look at funding some of those opportunities as well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: David, I don't want to belabor or take up too much time here, but I want to be clear what I'm asking because one of your competitors is talking about a mid-cycle $55 level. I realize that's totally subjective, but their point is in a higher oil price environment, the industry got itself into bit of a mess by growing too quickly. And they would look upon that as a windfall and would not jerk around their rig count with a view to longer-term sustainable growth. What I'm hearing from you is that you would respond to a higher oil price with higher activity levels. I guess my question is, is that what the industry wants to see? Is high growth just going to keep this oil price in the problem we've got right now, or is there an argument that says work towards a growth level and return any perceived "windfalls" to shareholders? I guess that's really what I'm asking.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, it's my view that what got the industry in trouble at the higher commodity prices is that there are a lot of projects that were funded out there that were very marginal projects, and we didn't pay enough attention to the reservoir. We didn't pay enough attention to the fundamental economics. And so I don't think it's so much the activity level in and of itself. It's the fact that this activity level was really going towards projects that didn't provide the returns that they should. And so I can tell you here at Devon, we are very, very focused on returns, and we're very, very focused on the reservoir and making sure that each project that we do is going to provide good returns. So I don't necessarily think there's a problem on an individual company level as long as you can be confident you can provide good returns. I think what really happened is at $90 oil, a lot of these projects being funded were not providing good returns. We're overcapitalizing some of these fields, frankly, and that's what the big issue was.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answer, Dave. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Maybe if I could follow up on STACK activity, can you talk a little bit about how you view the mix of Meramec versus Woodford activity as we're looking at 2017, and any thoughts on what the potential swing in non-op CapEx might look like there?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Excuse me, Ryan, Tony Vaughn here. Our plans are to, as Dave mentioned, we're going to be at – we're at six rigs coming into this year end, and we've got the capacity to build up that to roughly about 12 rigs. We have plans in the second half of 2017 to engage back into a drilling campaign on another row called the Jacobs Row, and you see that on page 10 of our operating report. So if I had to – we haven't gone through the budgeting process yet, so I can't say specifically how this will happen. But for the most part, our drilling activity up until about midyear of 2017 will be concentrated in the Meramec. And then in the second half of 2017, we'll take probably roughly about four of those rigs and move them into our Woodford campaign. If you look at the magnitude of our OBO spending in the STACK play, it's quite substantial. I think we talked to you guys before about the level of participation that we had, not just in operated wells, but we have 430,000 acres in the play. So we have access to a lot of data, a lot of information, and that drives a spend of about $300 million per year from our non-operated exposure.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe I know this is always a hard thing to quantify, but any thoughts on what inning you're in for LOE and G&A cost reductions? The cost reductions over the past 18 months have been extremely impressive. Should we expect to continue to see downward pressure on those, and is there any risk to inflation in either one of those as we see rigs ramp over the next 12 months?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I'll take the G&A part and I'll let Tony talk about the LOE side. We obviously did a significant reduction in employees earlier in the year, on the order of 25%. It was a big move for us as a company, and it obviously involved some pain, losing some good friends. We did maintain the key operational capability and the key value drivers that can allow us to execute we feel comfortably a $3 billion capital program of about 20 operated rigs. And so we see really that we are at a given – what we've laid out here is potential for 2017 and 2018 that we are comfortable with the level of G&A in the company, and so I wouldn't expect a significant change on that one way or the other. Tony may want to talk a little bit about the LOE side of the equation. I think probably we found most of the big gains, but I think that we're always continuing to look more. As the infrastructure increases in some of these fields, there may be some more things that we can do. So, Tony?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Ryan, I think – I'll tell you I've got to hand it to our operating team both in the field and here in the office. They've taken a very passionate approach to driving cost out of the business, and you can see the improvements that we've made over the last two years. And I think if you were to look at the cost or the price of materials and services, it is starting to level out, starting to flatten out in most of those areas, but that doesn't mean we're still looking for opportunities to continually improve our business. In some of those areas, we've unbundled or decoupled different components of our operations. As an example, separating the saltwater disposal from the water hauling vendors, that's offered improvements there. We've continued to build out our infrastructure and have more water and pipe now. We have a better power grid system, especially in the Delaware Basin. All that's tending to drive cost down. So probably the tension that we see in the business is coming. We also have by virtue of our sale of the Access Pipeline an increased transportation fee that would be coupled into our LOE costs. But for the most part, our guys are continuing to work LOE in a very passionate approach.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. I wanted to see if I could discuss a little bit about your thoughts on guidance. You gave us a lot of clues how we should be thinking about 2017 and 2018 in terms of the ops report, but tell me if this is what you're trying to convey. You guided to at least double-digit U.S. oil production growth in 2017 versus the Q4 guidance. I think the guide was 105.5 MBOE per day at the midpoint. And then if we assume Canada is relatively flat from Q4 levels, including maybe a turnaround in Q2, that to me suggests that your overall guidance, soft guide, however you want to call it, would be oil a bit north of 250 MBOE per day versus the Street at 243. Am I thinking about that right? And also, can you give us some sense of what capital it would take to achieve that in 2017?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Let me address first the capital and then I'll have Scott address the detailed question on the volumes. I did say in my opening remarks there that the capital in 2017 we anticipate being around $2 billion of E&P spend. But it is also important to understand that really the volumes in 2017 are being primarily driven by the completion work that we currently have ongoing in specifically the Eagle Ford but also other areas, and then in addition to that, the 10 rigs that we're going to have working by the end of this year. The incremental capital of going from 15 to 20 rigs, which really rough numbers increases our capital budget that would be at 10 rigs if we stayed flat there for the year, probably about $1.6 billion versus going to 20 rigs would be around $2 billion. That incremental dollar is really driving 2018 volumes, which is why we're really excited just because of the timing of how long it takes to bring these wells on production. So it's not really a matter of $2 billion is needed to drive those 2017 volumes. We could do that at a lower level and it would just impact 2018, but that's again why we're even more excited about the growth potential in 2018. So, Scott?
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: With regards to the production, Arun, I think directionally you're absolutely thinking about that correct. We would expect to be – when you combine the U.S. and Canada from an oil productive perspective we would expect to be north of 250,000 barrels. So we'll firm up that guidance as we get with our fourth quarter call. We're still working through the detailed operating and capital budgets, but directionally you're absolutely thinking about that correctly. And once again, I do want to emphasize, though, that is absolutely being driven by light oil growth in the U.S. So you're seeing a real time shift to high-margin production for Devon, which is going to significantly enhance our profitability.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you, Scott. And just to follow up, Dave, you commented in your prepared remarks about potentially looking at opportunities, just given the inventory depth to high-grade the overall portfolio. Can you give us a sense of timing and magnitude, and just what you guys are thinking about in terms of potentially monetizing more assets?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: There are a lot of variables that go into this equation. I can tell you, we want to get a greater sense of the inventory, particularly in the STACK and the Delaware Basin, where we are doing these spacing tests in the STACK play, both between the Meramec. You can see also, there's some now – some Woodford oil potential that's developing underneath the STACK. Want to get a sense for that and how many zones in the Meramec are going to work. We've laid out that we're testing up to eight wells per section in the primary and six in the secondary in the Meramec. Now we're talking about a Woodford zone there. And then in the Wolfcamp, we talked about the Leonard and testing how many zones in the Leonard may work, as well as the fact that the Wolfcamp is – we have 9,000 unrisked locations there, and we've moved about 500 or so into the risked locations, and that's going to continue to grow. So that's going to take till – we'll start getting a better feel for that probably to mid next year. So that's one factor in it. And then the other big factor in it is really long-term commodity prices, because you can see the leverage to the cash flow that we have from the operations report, the leverage that we have to higher cash flow at higher commodity prices, which is the highest leverage in the industry. And so, where do we think long-term commodity prices are going to level out has a big impact on what cash flow we're going to have, which has a big impact of how many other opportunities that we can fund in other areas that already have potential returns well above the cost of capital, they're just not as big as the Delaware and the STACK. So we want to get a better handle from both of those variables, probably mid-2017 at the earliest, before we make any strategic calls.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, congrats on the risked location update and the cash flow guidance. Just on the Delaware Wolfcamp, you've put in 500 risked locations. It looks like a large majority are in Rattlesnake and the Mi Vida. The 9,000 number, maybe just talk through the work that has to be done to unrisk those, and what EURs you'd expect on the core 500?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Okay. Ed, I think we've just talked about, in the operations report, the Rattlesnake and Mi Vida area, and we've mentioned that we have about 500 risked locations there. But we have a total of about 9,000 unrisked locations across our position in the Delaware Basin. And I'd have to say that industry has done an outstanding job of derisking the play. It's moved from the Texas side of the basin up to the state line, and now north of that state line, so we're utilizing a lot of that information. We do participate in some non-operated activity in there, so we're getting a good feel of the potential in the Wolfcamp. I think some of the things that we're still anxious to understand, through some of our pilot work that we'll engage in, will be the vertical connectivity between that very thick Wolfcamp column. We know that, out of the 2,000 wells drilled, and we've drilled some on the New Mexico side as well, we just haven't really prosecuted that in our development plan. But we know that from the X-Y through the upper – through the lower portion of the Wolfcamp, it's all productive. And so it will really be a matter of the development style that we choose to engage in. I think one of the elements that we're incorporating into our thoughts as we go into 2017 is bringing in an aggressive approach from the Leonard A, B, and C intervals. We've got a stacked pilot engaged right now to help us understand the vertical connectivity. We spent most of our time in the B zone. The industry has spent most of their activity in the C, so we know each of the three intervals are productive. We're seeing some encouraging results. We're not commenting on that because the data is pretty young right now. We'll come back out and clear up the results of that soon. But we'll incorporate the three intervals in the Leonard with the typical work that we do in the Bone Spring and the two in the southern portion of the two New Mexico counties, and have a pretty aggressive approach into the Wolfcamp in both the Rattlesnake and Mi Vida areas. They'll be the first two areas that we engage the Wolfcamp.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks, very fulsome answer. Just on the Eastern Woodford, your well cost is $6 million to $6.5 million, and the EUR is 1,600 MBOE, and it's 25% oil, and that Old Ricky's Ridge well, it's 60% oil. It almost feels like it will be better than the stuff over in Blaine. As Blaine gets deeper, the costs go up. You're getting similar types of EURs. Maybe just a little bit of elaboration in terms of why those well results: A), they're cheaper, and the EURs are so strong, is it the thickness of the reservoir in that particular location?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I think you're picking up on it. There's a lot of variability in the subsurface portions of the Meramec and the Woodford. The depth does run from the shallow being in the east to the northeast to the southwest, as you described. Also, about midway between the northeast of our position and the far southwest, there are some subsurface intricacies that make us run a third casing string. So as you move up into the Old Ricky's Ridge area, it's a very important data point there that we wanted to highlight simply because the oil cut is 60%. We really hadn't valued that in our thoughts about the Meramec. But as you can see up there, we think there could be a substantial NAV add if you move that high oil cut across the upper portion of our Meramec play. So this really sets us up for that stacked development from the five intervals in the Meramec and the Woodford. Also unique about Ricky's Ridge, it was a 10,000-foot Woodford test. We incorporated 70 stages in that frac design and pumped about 2,600 pounds per foot of sand. So it was a pretty aggressive attempt to see what we could do there. We're very happy with the results. You can see some of the 90-day IP is solid, but the more important thing is the production profile is flat and much more optimistic than our initial expectations. So I think Ricky's Ridge is an important data point for us to keep her eye on.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And it's a little bit cheaper over there too because you're shallower to the northeast and get deeper to the southwest. And so that's true both whether you're drilling Meramec or Woodford wells.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. I have a question on the STACK. It looks like you're going to be increasing activity in these longer 10,000-foot laterals. Can you give us a sense of how much of your acreage ultimately do you think is amenable to that? And what efforts are ongoing to help block up acreage more so this can become part of the long-term development plan?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Scott, that's a good piece of the business that our business unit is engaged in every day. And so we're working with other operators there to block up and try to provide the most opportunity to drill long laterals. We find that to be the right answer, and especially in this particular play. Data is fairly early on that, but all the long laterals that we have drilled are outperforming initial expectations. We've got a very aggressive type curve that you can see there. So we're very excited about that ability to drill those long laterals. So we think about 2/3 of our position is currently available to drill the 10,000-footers. And so the majority of our work going into 2017 or at least 2/3 of that work will really be directed towards the long lateral type work.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Specifically, do you find right now other operators are fairly willing? Are we at the right stage in the STACK for other operators to be willing to help do this and block up their acreage as well as yours?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I think there's a good dialogue that's just now happening. There's a part of an industry group that we participate in with most of our larger operators in the field. They're working very well together. I think everybody is looking at operatorship. Everybody is looking at their position, trying to make sure that we take a very efficient approach. So some of the work that you've seen us and heard us talk about with our Cimarex partner in the Woodford has been very accommodating to both the work that Cimarex does and Devon has done, bringing out the most efficient results. And I think we're just now starting to see some of those type of conversations happen with most of the operators there in the Meramec play.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks. And then to follow up on the Mi Vida area again, can you give us a sense of why this has popped onto your focus? Is it some work geologically you have done, or is it more of what you're seeing from industry? Maybe this is looking at it a little bit too closely. But if I look at that map, you've got obviously some acreage outside of that little box that you drew down there. Is there any particular reason that's not included?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I think the one thing unique about the Mi Vida area is we've got I think about 5,500 to 6,000 net acres there, 8,000 gross roughly. So we've got a nice contiguous position in that portion of the Wolfcamp right there on the border of Reeves and Ward County. So it really sets us up for, again, a more efficient development going forward. So that's really caused us to put that on our radar screen. And we're getting a lot of good competitive data around us. There are some good wells that are being drilled there. Again, we're trying to see and understand the vertical connectivity between that column to understand best how to develop that.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Kissel with Scotia Howard Weil. Your line is now open.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Thanks for taking my questions, maybe just another on the cost side of things, but more on the CapEx side than the OpEx side. In your supplemental presentation, you mentioned that you're proactively securing services to mitigate inflationary pressure in 2017. I was just curious if you could elaborate on that a little bit more, maybe in particular where you see the inflationary pressures and how you're mitigating that.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Hey, Pete. I'm going to introduce Sue Alberti. Sue is our Senior Vice President here that manages our marketing and supply chain groups. She's very well connected, and her group is with our operating team. So I'm going to let Sue describe some of the work that we're doing on the price of our goods and services.
Sue Alberti - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you. I'd like to say, we do think that as commodity prices improve and activity increases, we're looking to – we will get that inflationary pressure next year. We think that that could be mid to high single digits, especially in the stimulation area. And I'll tell you a few of the things that we're doing to mitigate those cost increases on the capital side. As you said, we talked about proactively securing equipment and crews at competitive prices, and we're locking in rates and terms where it makes sense given our outlook right now. So for example, on the rig side, we've locked in two long-term agreements for these rigs at current market rates. And then Tony, talking about the LOE, said that we were unbundling the water transport and water disposal. We're doing unbundling on the capital side too in the stimulation area. And we've recently started this where we're contracting separately for pressure pumping, sand, chemicals, and diesel, taking out the markup of the bundling. And while it's new and we don't have a lot of data yet, what we're realizing what we see right now is about a 10% savings from that unbundling. So we probably will look to do maybe more of that, but we're very encouraged with those results.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I just want to add that Sue talked about probably the high single-digit type service cost increase. Again, we think we can offset that with all these internal efficiencies that we're doing. So she mentioned some of the efforts. There's a lot more than that going on, just the continuing design of the wells. I think Tony may even like to brag on a few wells we drilled recently in the Delaware. I'm not sure if you're going there, Tony, but I see you holding a piece of paper that I think you're proud of.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I'm trying to let you go in and say your few words and let me get it in here. Pete, I tell you I'm really excited about the work we do, and we've talked a little bit about the passion for the tentacle work that our operating teams do. On the drilling side of the business, we just stood up a Delaware rig and have now drilled three wells from spud to TD. Those used to take 17 days to complete. All three of these are averaging about 10 days now. That's really an approach to an optimized design that we've had the luxury of tying to a lot more subsurface data than we've had in the past. It's also reflective of really the granular detail towards the execution of our business. And, Pete, I think we've talked to you about the well-con [well control] center there. So we're getting a lot of efficiencies both on the drill side of the business but also on the completion side of the business. And all that passion for data acquisition and integrating that into three-dimensional earth models and picking the right landing zone and designing more optimized or better frac designs, all that is paying off. And we're also putting a lot of attention into the execution portion of the completion space. We monitor all the operations on the frac. We monitor all of the data on the flowback of the wells in great detail. We have also recently incorporated the coiled tubing drill-out data in our well-con center, so we think that's another potential savings there. So while Sue has mentioned that the industry is going to have some tension on cost, we think from the technical work that we're doing, we've got the ability to offset that in 2017, and very excited about additional enhancements that will be available to us for more of that type of work in the second half of 2017 and 2018.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Great, Tony. Thank you, that's a great answer. One quick follow-up, more the efficiency side, though. In the STACK in particular, as activity levels continue to increase, what do you see as the biggest gating factors there, maybe for the play in general but also Devon in particular? Is it midstream? Is it water availability? I know the play doesn't produce much water, but is there any concerns you have looking forward for any of those items?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Pete, it's not on takeaway out of the basin. I think Sue could talk to us in a little bit of detail about that. We're not worried about that through 2017 and into 2018. A lot of the pace of activity right now is more associated with just doing good quality work, getting all the pilot work under our belt before we finalize our development plans going forward. And just like we do in all of our areas, we'll have a good build-out of infrastructure there. So we know that, say on the water handling side of the business, there could be a time when we have 20 rigs running just in STACK that there's a heavy demand on water, water handling. We'll be mimicking some of the work that we've done in the Cana-Woodford project and also in the Delaware Basin to make sure that that's very efficient, and our operating costs going forward are low and well thought through. And, Sue, I don't know if you want to add any comments to that.
Sue Alberti - Devon Energy Corp.: Let me add a little bit to what Tony was saying about takeaway. We don't have any short-term concerns regarding for Devon processing or takeaway constraints in the STACK. And we have been working with EnLink to ensure that they will have adequate processing capacity for us on our forecasted production. In addition, we've got firm takeaway for our oil and our NGLs and actually until 2019 at this point. I would say, though, that longer term when you think about the growth in this area, we think that there needs to be an industry solution for residue gas takeaway, and we're actively working solutions with multiple midstream companies to address this. But given the timeframe when we think that will be needed, we believe that there is enough time in order to get that in place when the growth is met.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Great, thanks again, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, David.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: One thing that we've been thinking about is the industry ramp in the Permian and just thinking about Devon's advantages around securing oil, gas, NGL, and water takeaway capacity with the EnLink relationship. Can you talk some about that over the long term with the 30% ramp in production in 2018 and beyond?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I think absolutely it's an advantage when we're in growth plays. We have a very close relationship with EnLink. They are our midstream provider in the STACK play, and it gives us great comfort that they are. We have that relationship, so we can have teams working on essentially a daily basis on looking at what the long-term needs are and making sure that they have the right gathering, processing, and takeaway capacity at the right time to ensure that we can execute our capital plan and get our wells hooked up on a timely basis and get that value. So certainly, when you're in the growth mode in a basin, I think a tight relationship with your midstream provider is very important, and we have that with EnLink.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: A secondary thought and question, with your well-level return focus, how do you think about the shift in Devon's corporate return as you become more light oil? Just return on capital employed, or what metric should we use? And have you done any thoughts of well-level economics translating into corporate economics?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We tend to talk about the incremental well-level economics on these calls. But I can tell you that we actively look also at what we would consider full-cycle returns in each of our key project areas. Just trying to look at return on capital employed when you have all these write-offs is just – if you're just looking at that, it's hard to get a good calculation off the financials. But we look at it just from a pure rate of return, all cash spent, all cash we're getting back in each of our key plays, to make sure that we're not only delivering on good incremental well-level economics, but we're, from a total investment level, that we're generating good returns on each area we work.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: At mid-cycle...
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Dave, real quick. Hey, Dave, this is Scott, real quick. To further address that question, you will absolutely start seeing these high rate of return wells in the future years impact our ROCE calculations in a very positive manner. And also, another proxy for that would be on a cash flow per debt-adjusted share basis. It's certainly something that we view will be a very differentiating metric for Devon going forward.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: I guess, what do you think that the full-cycle returns are in your STACK and Delaware?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: It's hard to give you that number right now, because the play is still changing so much and how much incremental resource are we going to have over our original assumptions, because the economics of each individual well is improving, and we have a lot more wells than in our original acquisition assumptions. So, it's certainly improving, but to give an absolute number, I think at this point, would be very difficult.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Dave, I'll just add a little bit of a description of what we do on the operating side of the business. On a quarterly basis, we get the senior leaders from across the company together on a by business unit basis, and we do a look-back of the work that we just finished for the quarter, and how that infers the forward look. We also have, I think, a very detailed look-back project from a project basis, but also from an annual investment basis. So I think we do a really good job of ensuring that we have an accountable approach to the work that we do. It's all based on historical results, shaped with a forward, continuous improvement look. So it's a pretty detailed process here in the operating teams.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo with TPH. Your line is open.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just going back to the Woodford, I wanted to see if we could get some color or context around your development plans on the Jacobs Row, obviously quite interesting that you plan to utilize 10,000-foot laterals, but trying to get a better sense of maybe the size and scale from a section or well-count perspective that you might have in that development. It seems like it could be a pretty material growth plan for you going into 2018.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, I think we're getting information in on the Hobson Row that will help us understand and infer the magnitude of a performance improvement by going from the normal laterals to the 10,000-foot laterals. So we're going to utilize that to our advantage where we can, as we go into the Jacobs Row. So, I think over 800 wells now have been drilled and completed and are producing. Each of the new vintage completions that we see, we tend to outperform the past or previous type curves. Costs are continuing to come down, so another step change here, in addition to the Ricky's Ridge. And the increased oil content of our fluid going forward is really just incorporating that 10,000-foot concept into the works. I think the returns on the Woodford play are beginning to shape up as being dramatically better than they have been in the past when it really has been in what we call the core portion of our field.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: And don't hold me to exact number, but there are roughly 60 wells in the Jacobs development.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, and then just a follow-up question. We've talked a lot today about the Delaware and the STACK as your core oil developments. Just curious your thoughts on the Eagle Ford as you potentially return to activity in the play, any opportunity to continue to optimize completion designs as the basin has been in a frozen moment here for the last year or so? And are you changing any of your views on the spacing? I know that you have a new spacing design that you may be testing here, with the diamond formation.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Matt, I tell you, we're real pleased with where we are in the Eagle Ford. And if you go back and look at the pace of our activity, it's greatly slowed down in 2016 versus 2014 and early 2015. In fact, we were bringing on about 70 to 75 wells per quarter in that timeframe. In Q1 of this year, we were down to 22 wells brought on in the quarter. Second quarter there was only five, third quarter was only five. So we've seen the rate drop off there, but it is now stabilized, and we have four frac crews in the field that are lowering our DUC inventory down. That's being done for a couple of purposes, but the primary purpose is to get information on the staggered lateral approach to the development, which is incorporating the upper Eagle Ford. And that information we're looking forward to having in 2017, which will shape what I think will be an accelerated pace of activity in the second half of 2017, which will have the potential for a material rate impact going into 2018. So, we are looking forward. We are continuing to improve our completion designs. Historically, we have pumped pretty much roughly a 2,000-pound per lateral foot type of job. We've moved that to more of a hybrid type fluid, and we're increasing the proppant load up to close to 3,000 pounds per lateral foot at this point, so a substantial change to the completions. The wells are just now starting to flow back on a few of those new completions. We're not ready to talk about that, but we're highly encouraged that some of the well rates that you've seen has report in the past we're going to materially beat as we go forward. So that play is setting itself up for what I think will be an accelerated ramp-up in the second half of 2017.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Tameron with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Everything has been asked. I'm good, thanks.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Operator, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Tameron.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Operator, you can move on to the next.
Operator: And your next question comes from James Sullivan with Alembic Global Advisors. Your line is open.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. A lot of stuff asked and answered. I just wanted to quickly ask you guys to touch on, if you could. You mentioned it just in passing, the Powder River and they ran your rig back there (58:35), an area that you guys have spoken positively about obviously a number of times in that position over there. Obviously, you're adding the rigs, so you feel pretty good about it. What gets that area a big percentage of a limited capital pie? Is it just that you guys need a longer runway on infrastructure and permitting? I know you're looking at both those things, but what is it and what's the state of play over there right now?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: James, thanks for bringing that up. We've been real pleased with the work that we've done in the Powder River Basin in the past, and we've been operating in that area for quite some time. If you recall, back before commodity prices dropped, we were drilling probably the highest return wells in the portfolio, in especially the Parkman in the Powder River Basin. And so we did take a pause in our activity as commodity prices ramped down and our focus has gone to STACK and Delaware. We've continued to work the subsurface portion of that. We have an extensive 3-D coverage across that entire basin. So we have what I think will be unparalleled knowledge about the subsurface there. After the acquisition, we doubled our position there, and it's all Tier 1 opportunity connected. And we've got about three rig lines ready to go. It's a matter of managing the portfolio and staying within our cash flow. So we think it's a great an asset. You've seen some transactions happen in the Powder which further confirm what we think the ultimate value in the Powder position will be. So while it won't ever have the scale and materiality that we'll see in the STACK or Delaware, it's got outstanding returns and we're looking forward to showing you additional subsurface results.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon now, a question on the track development plan in the Delaware. Can you talk about the trajectory of wells per pad, say, last year or this year going into next year and what that steady-state number looks like?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Bob, historically and I don't know if it's more than just Devon, but the industry has really been prosecuting two and three-well pads across the Delaware Basin. And the areas where we have a larger contiguous position, we're going to employ this new design concept. And so there are up to about 14 known productive intervals in that Delaware Basin column, Bob. And so when you look at the number of unrisked locations that we've highlighted of 20,000, there's got to be a more compelling development plan going forward to accelerate present value. So that's the concept that we're looking forward to. The way we're designing the track process, it's highly flexible between what we need to get done in the Delaware, which has some additional challenges with the federal permitting. But the concepted frac will be applied both in the Delaware and STACK on both of those STACK developments. So it's hard to tell you exactly how many wells per pad, but I can see us putting maybe up to 30 wells in a given section. We'll utilize very efficient drilling pads coupled with more of a centralized tank battery, so we'll see quite a few advantages. We've tried to highlight the advantages in our operating report, so you can take a look at that.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But will you do a pilot track sometime in the next years, or how do you get from where you are today to rolling out track?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: We're going to push forward in 2017 employing this concept. We think it will be – you can call it a pilot, or really just to go forward with the development plan. We think there's a lot of flexibility in this, so we're going to be pushing forward to a more creative solution for our developments going forward.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And then a last follow-up, if a look at your 7.5-ish rigs for 4Q, you're calling for about $400 million in CapEx for the quarter. If I just scale that and say you're going to run double those rigs next year, and there are four quarters next year, I get closer to a $3 billion – $3.2 billion CapEx spend. But you're talking about $2 billion. How should I think about that?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Devon Energy Corp.: Yes, included in the $400 million will be also a larger component of – it will include the OBO component, plus we have other just leasehold expenditures, things like that, that are not actually Devon-operated drilling rig components. So really when you talk about going to the – and I've been talking about it on the Street for quite some time that we're going to be a run rate of around $1.6 billion with the 10 operated rigs. So going from 10 to 15 to 20, you're not increasing all these other components that are in our capital program, you're just increasing the operated rig component. And if you do the math on that, say on average it's another 7.5 rigs over 0.5 year or so, maybe that's more like four rigs. So you take four figs and average working interest, you get somewhere around that incremental $400 million to get you around $2 billion.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got you, thanks for that math.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Coody.
Scott Coody - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, and we appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. If you have any additional questions, feel free to reach out to the IR team at any time, myself or Chris Carr. And once again, thank you for everything.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Chrissy, and good morning, everyone. I hope you've had a chance, as always, to review our earnings release information last night and this morning. That information includes our forward-looking guidance as well as our detailed ops report. Also on the call today are Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer; Tom Mitchell, EVP and Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Also, I'd like to remind you that questions and comments on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors relating to these statements, please see our Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Q filings. And with that, I will turn it over to Dave.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone. The last several months have been very active for Devon. We've continued to deliver strong operating results from our top tier North American resource plays, and we significantly outperformed Street expectations on our asset divestitures, which dramatically improved our financial strength. Overall it was a great quarter of execution for Devon. I will touch on three key messages today: efficiency gains, the portfolio transformation, and the quality of our asset base. First, we continue to achieve significant efficiency gains across Devon's entire portfolio. Productivity from our top two franchise assets, the STACK and Delaware Basin, was once again outstanding. We commenced production on approximately 20 wells for these prolific assets during the second quarter, with 30-day rates averaging nearly 1,500 BOE per day. Not only did these high rate wells deliver excellent returns, they also exceeded our type curve expectation by a wide margin. Combined with positive base production performance across our entire portfolio, we were able to drive production above midpoint expectations for all products in the second quarter. Importantly, these productivity gains were attained with substantially lower costs. Drilling and completion costs at our U.S. resource plays have now declined by as much as 40% from peak rates, and we are now on pace to save nearly $1 billion of operating and G&A expenses in 2016. The second key takeaway is that Devon's portfolio transformation is now complete. In December of last year, we announced a bold move to materially add to our position in the STACK play with the Felix acquisition, as well as the Rockies, along with our intent to monetize non-core assets across our portfolio. Since that announcement, we have successfully integrated Felix assets into our portfolio, and the prolific new-well results from this asset continue to support our view that the STACK play is the best emerging development play in North America. We have also done a tremendous job executing on our non-core asset divestiture program. We have reached agreement to sell $3.2 billion of assets, well above the top end of our $2 billion to $3 billion guidance range, and these accretive transactions have significantly strengthened our investment-grade balance sheet. The majority of proceeds will be used for debt reduction. While there has been tremendous volatility in energy markets over the past year, I have unwavering conviction that these strategic actions were the correct long-term decisions for Devon. And, finally, I want to leave you with some thoughts about the quality and depth of Devon's go-forward asset base, which we believe is unmatched in the industry. With the recent high-grading of our portfolio, we sharpened our focus on Devon's top resource plays, all concentrated in North American's best basins. Led by our world-class STACK and Delaware Basin assets, we have exposure to more than 1 million net acres and thousands of low-risk opportunities that can deliver sustainable long-term growth for Devon. Importantly, we are taking significant steps in 2016 to accelerate future development in the STACK and Delaware Basin. In the STACK, we are participating in more than 10 spacing pilots to optimize our 2017 development plans in the over-pressured oil window. In the Delaware Basin, our total reservoir access concept, otherwise known as TRAC, has future development plans in place to efficiently develop up to nine intervals of STACK pay in a given area from superpads. Looking beyond the massive opportunity set in STACK and Delaware Basin, we also have attractive investment opportunities in the Eagle Ford, Rockies, and Barnett Shale. And, more importantly, these high-quality assets possess the ability to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow. Outside of our formidable U.S. resource plays, our top-tier heavy oil asset in Canada provides tremendous optionality. These capital-efficient assets can produce large amounts of cash flow and also possess significant growth potential, with greater than 1 billion barrels of undeveloped resource in the economic core of the Alberta oil sands. Overall, Devon's go-forward asset base is well-balanced between scalable growth assets and top-tier cash flow generating assets. Given the quality of our go-forward asset portfolio, we have no shortage of attractive investment opportunities across our asset base. And with the success of our asset divestiture program, our strong financial position allows us to accelerate investment in these best-in-class resource plays. As we previously announced in June, we are increasing our upstream capital investment by approximately $200 million to a range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2016. This incremental capital investment will be deployed entirely in the STACK and Delaware Basin beginning in the third quarter. By year-end, we expect to add as many as seven operated rigs between these two areas. The annualized upstream capital spend associated with this activity at year-end is approximately $1.6 billion. While it is still a bit too early to provide any formal targets for 2017, I can tell you that this level of investment is sufficient to generate growth in oil production and stabilize Devon's top line production profile by mid-year 2017. So, in summary, I am pleased with the way Devon is positioned to navigate the current environment and prosper in the future. We have a great collection of assets, an experienced team that has a track record of delivering excellent results, and have the financial capacity to efficiently convert our resource-rich opportunity set into production and cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back to Howard.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave. And before we head to Q&A, I'll take just a few moments to address one of the most often-asked questions the IR team has received since our release, and that's our production profile. As we reached our sales values on divested assets in excess of our targets, there are certain assets we haven't sold and therefore we have rolled into the Devon go-forward look. Also, the production estimates we previously issued showed a full year of the divested assets, while we have already closed several and anticipate closing the remaining assets soon. The largest component of retained assets previously in the other category are select Midland assets, which have a relatively shallow decline rate and are high margin. And, to be perfectly clear, we see both U.S. and Canadian production stabilizing in the fourth quarter of 2016. And our projected activity levels at year-end 2016, we project top line production for our retained assets to stabilize by mid-year 2017, led by growth in the U.S. oil. A key contributor to mitigating gas and NGL declines in the first half of 2017 will be the Hobson Row development in the STACK that we anticipate bringing on in early 2017. And we expect to return to top line growth in the second half of 2017. Of course these projections are predicated on a expectation that we see strengthening in commodity prices which will allow us to add the three or four additional rigs in the fourth quarter of 2016 we disclosed in our 2Q earnings materials. So based on that level of activity at year end, you could expect an annual spend of somewhere around $1.6 billion. I hope this helps, and of course if you have more detailed modeling questions, Scott, Chris, or I are happy to visit with you after the call. With that, and heading to Q&A, I'd ask you to please limit yourself to one question and an associated follow-up. And you can reprompt as time permits. With that, Chrissy, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Pearce Hammond from Simmons Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning, Pearce.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Morning, Pearce.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Howard, thanks for that color just now on the three rigs and then potentially on the additions and then potentially going to the seven rigs. Dave, as you look at the current forward strip to year-end and then look out to next year's pricing, do you think if those prices hold, that you would add those four rigs, or you'd need to see a little bit higher price to do that?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: No – yeah, great question, Pearce. We see that our cash flow at the current strip being approximately that, that we could add these rigs and live within cash flow. It varies, obviously, a little bit day-to-day, and we're in a little bit of a downturn right now. But we're approximately at the point where we'll be cash flow neutral. So we could add those rigs.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Thank you. And then my follow-up is you highlighted on the 2017 guidance, or preliminary 2017 guidance, and I know it's not formalized at this point. But, on oil production, would you be able to hold Q4 2016 oil production flat and then grow from there? I mean, I'm trying to get a sense of what the – if you spent that $1.6 billion, what the oil production profile would look like, or would it continue to decline from the Q4 2016 levels until the middle part of next year and then start to come back up?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: No. We would essentially stabilize production at the Q4 levels, Q4 2016 levels, and then later in the year, it would start inclining, later in 2017.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: And that'd be stabilizing oil production at Q4 levels, but not total production?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: That's correct. That is oil production. As Howard said, we would stabilize the BOEs around mid-year 2017. So we'd still experience some decline. And where we're not investing in gas particularly, and to a lesser degree, the NGLs and then it would be stabilized by mid-year 2017 and then start an incline on the BOEs as well at the back half of 2017, and we'd be exiting at a significantly higher rate than mid-year.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Excellent. Thank you so much, Dave.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. My first question, Dave, is to ask you about the maintenance CapEx number. You'd previously set about a $2 billion number to keep production flat on a BOE basis. And now you're signaling $1.6 billion. I wondering if you could maybe highlight what's driven that pretty meaningful reduction in maintenance CapEx as we think about 2017.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, great question on that, Arun. Yeah, we're continuing to drive efficiencies in our business, internal efficiencies. We've talked about the 40% reduction in drilling and completion costs of about 50% – 50%-50% between lower service costs and internal efficiencies. I can tell you as we sit here today, we're finding even more internal efficiencies that are continuing to drive that maintenance capital lower, as well as the fact that we're exceeding the type curves on our wells. And so you combine the cost savings we're still finding with the fact that our wells – we're in the best parts of the best plays. And they're exceeding our expectations. So that's continuing to drive the maintenance capital down.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And my follow-up, Dave, is on a pro forma basis, $4.6 billion in cash. It sounded like from the ops report, you'll use roughly $2 billion or so for debt reduction and $1 billion of the $3.2 billion in proceeds could be reinvested. Would you feel comfortable, for example, in 2017, if you feel good about oil in the low to mid-$50s of outspending by $1 billion or so to take some of these proceeds, just given how you have so much cash on the balance sheet?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we do think that – and we do have the other cash on the balance sheet from essentially the equity offering. We do feel that it's very important to maintain our investment-grade rating. And probably longer term, we'd still look at using some of those proceeds to pay down debt. But so we are at this point thinking that we want to live within cash flow. We said we'd start adding back activity if we had confidence prices were going be somewhere around $50. We have added back activity, or we're planning – we've added back some. We plan to add back more. If we do see prices sustain over $50, and gas prices, actually – the recovery in gas has helped out significantly as well with our cash flow. If we see gas prices sustain near the levels where they are now, we may be able to even add a little bit more activity in 2017, but that would be living within cash flow, though. So we don't see a significant cash flow outspend.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Two type curve questions, if I may. Obviously, let's start with the Bone Springs; you talk about some of the wells 50% ahead, Leonard 70% ahead. We just had OXY's presentation showing that 180-day cumes, I think from memory, are double on all their designs. So maybe just talk through what's the constraint on perhaps raising the overall type curve. It might just be that across the inventory you still have down-spacing, tests, et cetera. And then I have a question on the STACK.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Ed, this is Tony Vaughn here, and I think you hit it right, is the activity and the number of new completions that we have brought on of late have been fairly small. But we're extremely pleased with all the performance that we have, especially in the Leonard. Not only are all the well results that we're making public in the Leonard well above our type curve; industry around us are really experiencing the same thing. And so we'll make these type curve adjustments both here and in STACK just as we get a little bit more comfortable with that and get a few more reps behind us. But really the operational performance of our new activity in both the Delaware and the STACK are well above our expectations on our current type curves.
Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then on the STACK, what was the average lateral length of the Q2 results? Because obviously, again, exceeding type curve, but if you go to longer laterals, those should be more capital efficient.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I think you're exactly right. Historically, industry has – we've got about 200 wells in the STACK play to date. And there's about 60% of those that are the long laterals on our well count, Ed. We have about – just under 50 wells that we operate, and we have about – just under 50% of those are long laterals. Difficult to put an arithmetic average on the full population of that, but it's probably somewhere around 6,000, 6,500 feet. But I'll tell you, a lot of the early wells that were drilled were in the appraisal mindset. They were also in the lease saving mindset. And now that we're getting a lot of that information behind us, being more comfortable with the subsurface, I think Devon is really look forward to optimizing our completions and our lateral lengths. And really the design that we're going forward is to use as many of the long laterals as possible.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, and Ed, I'd just add, I think what Tony's saying here is a lot of the 10,000-footers that we drilled here were probably not as productive as we'd anticipate 10,000-foot laterals to be in the future. Some of those are wells that were drilled by Felix without the benefits of 3-D. And we had early completion designs that are not what we feel the optimum design. So even though there were some 10,000-footers in the mix, they were not of the quality we would anticipate from a go-forward basis.
Edward G. Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Kissel from Scotia Howard Weil. Your line is open.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Yes. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. Just very quickly looking at 2017, you outlined the $1.6 billion bogey, if you will, on spending. But what sort of obligations do you have for spending above that $1.6 billion? Just trying to think about how much that could go up or down as you look to stay within cash flow.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we're totally flexible on that, Pete. We don't have any obligations. I think that's one of the great attributes of Devon, is we have essentially all of our acreage held by production. We have a minor amount in the Felix acquisition where we need to have some activity. But we're going to have way more activity than is required to get all our acreage held by production. We don't have any obviously long-term projects going on in the company, so we are totally flexible, as cash flow presents itself, as to ramping up activity. And of course, we don't like to think about it as much, but if prices do retreat, we have flexibility to decrease activity as well. So it is strictly driven by – we have the projects. We have as good of projects, we think, as anybody in the industry, being in the hearts of some of the best plays. It's just a matter of what cash flow is available to put against those projects.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. And then one thing you guys have done a great job in the past of is kind of stack-ranking your returns of your given plays here. As the STACK has continued to look extremely good, the Delaware Basin looks extremely good, would you mind just dusting that off and reminding us where they all stand in order of preference? And maybe, ultimately, where does the PRB come into the mix looking into 2017 as you've grown to have a very big position there but very little activity?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Pete, I think when – nothing's really changed there. If you look at the returns on a strip basis, we really haven't commented on the absolute number of that. But the returns that we see in the Parkman, the Delaware, the Eagle Ford, and the STACK play are all comparable to each other. If you look at the sensitivity to the number of locations that we have available, that does change. And so if you look in the Parkman, we've done some of the best return work we've done there, but the inventory is not as deep and as robust as it is in the Delaware and the STACK play. So really all four of those plays are ones that we've got the flexibility and the ability to drive value for, which really presents an opportunity for us, I think, to prosecute and to understand the subsurface even better while still getting a lot of meaningful and competitive returns.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Of the four, Pete, the Powder River Basin is the most sensitive to oil prices, because it's about 90% light oil. And so when we're – earlier in the year after we did the acquisition, with prices down mid-$30s or so it wasn't competing for capital. But as we get back over $50 a barrel, the economics on that improve dramatically because of the high oil cuts there. And so that's what puts it into the – it's very sensitive, but it puts us back up into one of the top-tier plays when we get a $50-plus environment.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Great. Thanks, Dave, and thanks, Tony, as well.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Not as deep in inventory. But, still, good economics at the well level.
Peter Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dave, and to the rest of your team there.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Hi, Charles.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thank you. I apologize if I'm belaboring this point a bit, but I'd like to just see if I could distill some of the comments you've made on this call. The $1.6 billion number, that was really useful for what you could do, but I'd like to try to understand or make sure I understand what really is driving your appetite for what you actually would choose to do. So I think I heard you say you're going to spend within cash flow regardless of where the commodity prices go. But is there a scenario where you just wouldn't have the appetite to drill more in the case where – or you wouldn't have an appetite to add rigs if the commodity price went down?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we look at – let me try to clarify. There's really two things that we look at when we determine our capital allocation and the levels of capital. One would be the returns on – at the project level. And so we compare projects across the entire company, take into account any sort of operational considerations, any sort of limitations, and then we fund the highest-return projects across the company. We do that to the extent that we can live within cash flow. And so that's the second step of the process, is what is our cash flow going to be? And I've said the $1.6 billion is – and again, prices are moving around every day, so you can't – you can rerun these numbers every day and get a slightly different answer. But it is approximately the level at which we can live within cash flow in 2017 at the current strip and fund the top tier projects that we have identified with the nine rigs that we could be adding by the end of the year. And we plan to add up to that nine-rig level unless we see a significant change in commodity prices between now and then.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Right. That's helpful, Dave. And I imagine these moves in the commodity prices are even more fun for you guys than they are for us. But -
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: We're having a barrel of laughs.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: If I could ask a question on the Delaware Basin, you guys introduced this total reservoir access concept. Does that – that's new this quarter, but one of the things that I think has been a challenge out particularly, as I understand, in your part of the Delaware Basin has been extending the standard-length 5,000-foot laterals out to 10,000-foot laterals. Is that a correct perception that it's harder than other places to get to the 10,000-foot laterals? And does that interact or play some part in your TRAC concept?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles, about a third of our position or our footprint in the Delaware Basin will accommodate the long laterals. It's a little bit tougher to put those together as you move north in Lea and Eddy County in our footprint, but in the southern portion of this where this new superpad or TRAC concept would be utilized in 2017, it's a little easier to do that. And so I think what we're trying to describe here is a concept when you start thinking about having all of the stacked pays that we have both here and in the STACK asset in Oklahoma, there's going to be a more creative and efficient way to develop our surface facilities. And so we're walking into this with this concept. It provides us a lot of flexibility as we grow. It also allows us to have flexibility as the business environment changes. But for the most part, we're going to, through the permitting process, to achieve or get approval for really more of a field development concept. And then past that we'll be left to get individual APDs by well as we choose to develop that. So you're right about our footprint. It's a little bit less contiguous on the north end of our position. But in the south end of Lea and Eddy, it should be very well suited for this type of a concept.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: The other thing that's so great about it, too, Charles, is if you – and we showed it on the maps that we put it into our investor presentations – that in particularly the southern parts of Lea and Eddy counties, we just have so many prospective zones. As we said, we have up to nine prospective zones between the Delaware Sands, the Bone Spring, Leonard, and the Wolfcamp. And so we are still doing appraisal work determining how many wells per section in an individual zone and how many of these zones in a vertical sense also can be developed in any one geographic location. But the numbers you start seeing start boggling the mind sometimes, I would say, with how many wells you could have an on individual section. We're hesitant to put the numbers out there until we finish more appraisal work. But there could be just a tremendous amount of resource that we're developing on each section out there. And that's what's necessitated this superpad concept to figure out – it's great to have that resource, but then how are you actually going to develop that resource? And that's what's put that into play. It's a really exciting future, both in the Delaware Basin and in the STACK play, because of this.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful color, Tony and Dave. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Thanks, everybody. Good morning.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dave, I want to make sure we're understanding this maintenance capital issue right, because the numbers sound – if my math is right, you're basically indicating you can hold production flat at an oil price in the mid to high $40s. I've been checking through (29:52) all the numbers. Is that directionally where you're headed?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well -
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Go ahead. I was going to tell you how I get there, but (30:02) -
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think that may be a little bit lower than where we're at. And I don't want to get into – I guess, Doug, I appreciate your question. I'm struggling a little bit to get into the details of that right now.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Let me walk you through very quickly, Dave, how I get there.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Okay.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Previously, you said $40 was your CapEx breakeven this year. But that included the contribution from Access of about $800 million. So your sensitivity is about $80 million per dollar. And previously, you had said that you would hold flat at about $60. So when I work through all those numbers, it kind of implies $1.6 billion is somewhere in the mid to high $40s.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think the big thing that's changed, off the top of my head here, Doug, is that gas prices have gone up significantly. And so that has provided significant incremental cash flow to us, as well as some improvement on the NGL side as well. So it's probably less a product of oil prices – the breakeven – maintenance capital on oil prices going down as it is the fact that our assumptions around what gas prices we can achieve, along with the oil, has allowed higher cash flow to allow us to keep production flat.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That makes a ton of sense. Okay. Thanks for clarifying. My follow-up is really going back to the STACK and the move to 10,000-foot wells. Obviously, you've partnered with Continental on a bunch of those wells. What do you think the costs are that you can deliver these wells at? And I guess this is a related question; what's holding you back from moving up your type curve, given what you're seeing from others in the play?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Doug, we're finding that the well costs vary quite dramatically from the shallow eastern portion of the field all the way across to the southwest portion of where Continental is, as you mentioned. We're finding that we can drill the wells for about $5.5 million per well with the two-string design on the eastern half of the field. If we have to add a third string as we go past kind of a dividing line that separates the east from the west, add that third string, it adds about $1 million. And then as we go from a 5,000-foot lateral up to a 10,000-foot lateral, that's about $1 million to $1.5 million incremental on top of that. So that might give you a range in the cost as we work across that field. We continue to see positive results in our well performance from the oily section in the northeast to the little bit – the gassier, more volatile as you move into the central portion of the field. But overall, Doug, when you put all the attributes together, we still believe that we are in the heart of the high-return portion of the field. We think all those attributes really lead to what will be the most commercial development going forward for all the competitors there.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And, Tony, just on the type curve, is it just a matter of waiting on more well results?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: It is. From an operational perspective, it's nice to see almost – virtually every well result that we have is not in the type curve. It's well above the type curve. So we're going to modify that with performance. But we have been pleasantly pleased. And one of the things I wanted to point out on the STACK play in general, that while there's a lot of variables that go into the subsurface description of this, from depth, from pressure, to changing fluid compositions, to changing thickness by zone, a lot of variables are going into that. But I've got to tell you, the predictability of the results is very narrow. And we still believe the P10 to P90 range in the 90-day IP is about 2.4, which is extremely tight for a fairly young play. And so while there's a lot of variables that are changing out there, we think the predictability of the play is really unusually good in comparison to a lot of the resource plays that we've been involved in.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the answers, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, thanks. I was wondering if I could ask a question on the STACK. Obviously you highlight the great performance in the well results you've had in addition to your massive acreage position. You all are producing around 90,000 a day there, but when you step back and look at it – and I'm assuming you've kind of generalized some of the numbers – but where do you think that ultimately could grow to? How big is the prize here on your acreage there?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Scott, I think when we did the acquisition analysis, we had a little bit of a narrative that we were trying to visualize what that would look like as well. And we think with our position, and the Woodford continues to expand. The well performance gets larger. We're seeing more resource potential in the Meramec and the Osage, but also underneath the Meramec, we're seeing more potential with the Woodford. We believe that we can probably push up north of 150,000 towards 200,000 BOEs per day as all these zones continue to be de-risked and incorporated into our development plans. And, of course a lot of that, Scott, is really contingent on the commodity price environment that we're in and the pace of activity that we can prosecute that large resource base.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great color. And my follow-up is on the Eagle Ford. Obviously getting a lot of less attention right now. I'm curious on where it could fit into your long-term portfolio, especially considering your operating partner appears to be de-emphasizing onshore development at this point. How do you look at that? And if I could add a question to that, if your partner decided to, let's say, to exit the Eagle Ford, what would your reaction be? What would Devon do?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, that's – appreciate the question, Scott. I don't think it's probably appropriate for us to comment on hypothetical situations there. But the Eagle Ford, we've had some tremendous results. And, again, we have a position there that is really like we want to do in all of our plays. It's in the best of one of the best plays in onshore North America. And if you look at the historical well results that we've delivered out there, we have a large proportion of the best wells that have been drilled in the play. So we certainly have liked our position. Right now, we're just in a position where, given the capital constraints that we had earlier in the year, ourselves and our partner, that we decreased drilling activity significantly. And along with that, then, the completion activity. We thought we were going to resume completion activity here in Q3. It's been pushed back, it looks like, about one quarter now. So that's, I guess, a very short-term challenge. But, frankly, it's going help us a little bit in 2017 as some of those volumes get pushed out of 2016 into 2017. So I don't think it's a significant event towards the long-term strategy of the Eagle Ford. We still see some high-return type opportunities in the Eagle Ford. We are maturing our way through the best part of the inventory right now. But we also are seeing some upside from the diamond pattern that we described in the operations report, which was really a – staggered laterals in the lower Eagle Ford, along with a upside in the upper Eagle Ford. And so we still think there's some upside that exists to the resource out there. Albeit it doesn't have the – and we knew it at the time of the acquisition – it just doesn't have the running room that we see now in the Delaware and the STACK play. So – but we still like it very much, and we'll just have to see how things develop beyond that.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I appreciate the response. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys, and thanks always for the color.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Sure.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: My first question is a follow-up on the Meramec. Given your understanding and the success of the Alba pad, (39:17) what do you guys think is the ultimate limit here for development spacing? And what size pilot program will you need to change your development assumptions off of four (39:38)? And should we expect that in those 4Q results, given your – and industry pilots?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Evan, we've commented that we were testing update wells per section in a single interval. We're getting a lot of good data from the pilots in now, so we've seen our results on the Born Free, which gave us confidence that we had the ability to prosecute the zones on top of each other with no problem. The Alma spacing test helped us understand that five wells per section is not dense enough, even in today's commodity price environment. We're getting some information in right now on the pump house, which is a seven wells per section, and we'll be able to give you a little bit more feel for that. One of the pilots that we got some early data on was what we called the Skipper pilot, (40:42) and that was an eight well per section, or almost an eight well per section. And there we're highly encouraged that eight wells will work in the right commodity price environment. And it probably will work as technology continues to improve and we can improve our frac or completion designs and maintain a more complex near-wellbore frac. So the four (41:08) that we initially commented on, when we did the acquisition is light, and we think we're at least at six (41:17) if not heading north of that right now. And so that information – the pilots are coming in. We'll have about another three pilots showing us some information in Q3. Some more in the first quarter of 2017. But we're starting to get comfortable with the areas that we're going go into a full development on. And, again, we'll use this TRAC concept in the STACK development as well. And we think we'll have the ability to prosecute up to, roughly, 27 wells in a section as all these zones continue to work. So the play's working really well, and the pilot data is all positive and leading us towards our development plan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's all really helpful information. My second question, you guys significantly increased your Barnett refrac type curve. Should we read this as the play is progressing closer to the point where you'll be willing to monetize a portion of your acreage position, given that you can get then paid for that refrac potential?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we like our position. As we said, our transformation is complete. We like our portfolio the way it looks right now. We are always – my kind of flippant expression in all this is we like all our assets, but we're not in love with any of them. So we certainly are – we like where we are with everything. We have no current plans to do anything with the Barnett or any of our other assets, but that's not to say we aren't always thinking at the same time. If there's some way that we can improve our results as a company, we'll think about it. But I can tell you there's nothing right now that says we're going to divest. No current plans around divestiture or anything in the Barnett.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. Good update today. Shoot.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, while you're listening in, Evan, I took a look at your write-up this morning and just wanted to make sure I clarify a couple of things in there. But one is the – I think you heard me make some comments there about the predictability of our results in STACK. And so while it's not going to be uniform across the play, it is extremely predictable. And, again, there's a note about the debate regarding our acreage position and whether or not it falls in the overpressured window. And I think you may have been – I think the industry may have been led to believe that there's a north-south line, that to the east of that it's underpressured and to the west of that it's overpressured. That's not the case, as all of us that work the subsurface data understand, and if you look in the isobar map, you can clearly see that the far northeast is normal pressure, but it quickly goes into about 0.5 psi per foot and gradually moves into about 0.7, 0.75 psi per foot to the southwest. So just want to clear it up. In our mind, there's no debate about whether or not we're in the overpressure window or not.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: No, that's helpful, and I did pick up on your predictability comments early in the call, and I appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, morning. Just along those lines, just in the ops stuff that you talked a little bit about the Meramec and some – I guess you used the word "variability." So that's what I jumped on. But can you – or maybe that was my word – but can you just talk about the Meramec? And I know you've alluded to it a little bit; can you just give us more color as to what you're referring to the ops update?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I'm not sure what your specific question is, David. Could you repeat it?
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, just – I just pulled up to the page. It says IP and well costs can vary significantly across the play. And we've heard others talk about the variability of the Meramec, and so maybe the better question is can you just talk about the Meramec, how you see it playing out across the play?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I think what Tony is trying to say here – I'll try my words.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: – is that there is variability, but it's predictable variability. So you aren't going to necessarily get the same well results across the entire play, but the variability of what you would expect in a given part of the play is very low given the phase of maturity that we're in, in the play overall.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, Dave, just to elaborate, what Dave mentioned is as you characterize the reservoir, there's a lot of variation in the reservoir thickness by zone. There's a lot of difference in the fluid content as you move from northeast to southwest. The bottomhole pressure changes, as I just mentioned, from east to west. So there's a lot of variation in that. The actual total depth to get the wells down varies from the east to the west dramatically. But, as Dave mentioned, the results that we're seeing as an industry are pretty darn tight. And the only place that we haven't seen a predictable result has really been in the far southwest, when we were – and we need a few more data points to understand the gas versus oil content there. There was a little bit of variability in that. But for the most part, everything that we're seeing in the core of the field, especially in our footprint, the predictability is extremely tight.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then back to the Barnett. If you start thinking about $3.25 gas or $3.50 gas – or what's the magic level at which, just on a returns basis that that play would start to compete with capital as far as you think about 2017, 2018?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I'll tell you, it's got commercial returns today. As we have done all of our vertical refracs, we know that those are about at cost of capital, if not just a bit above. And the horizontal refracs are getting much more predictable, and we know those are at cost of capital and above. Really it's more of a question, David, about how competitive that is in the overall portfolio. So as commodity prices increase, a lot of our other opportunities get more attractive as well. But that's a real opportunity for the company going forward in the future. And the materiality of that is we got about 3,000 wells out there that have the ability for us to go back into them. So -
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay -
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: – something that -
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry – yeah, sorry, didn't mean to interrupt you. So just to clarify when you start talking, 2017 right now, the strip's at $3.15, $3.16. So at that level, you're getting commerciality?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: We are. We can get cost of capital returns.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well above cost of capital returns at those kind of prices. The challenge is trying to compete on a super team here. We got a bunch of all-stars in here, and it's a pretty good player, but it's not going to see the ball as much as – we got the Golden State problem going here.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the re-frame. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin from Société Générale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, hi. Just have a question on completion designs. One, can you define your hybrid completion? And, two, with the STACK and also the Woodford, you're putting in a lot more sand. Do you have any sense of what you think the economic limit is for how much profit you can put in?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I can give you a little bit of a feel. I'll remind us of an experience that we had in, I believe it was mid-2014, when we started increasing the sand loads in our Delaware completions and we really ran up to – from about 600 pounds per lateral foot in early 2014 up to about 3,000 pounds per lateral foot through 2015. And, at the same time, that information gave us a good matrix or a good feel for the performance change in that design, but it also helped us understand the matrix associated with the commodity price environment. So we have backed off in the Delaware from that 3,000 pounds per lateral foot. We think we can get the most commercial returns in the current business environment done at about 1,500 to 2,000. It kind of varies across the field. So that's the way we think about it. And then if you move over into the Anadarko Basin, we're using a slick water job in our Woodford type work, and we continue to increase our proppant loads there. So we're up to about 2,000 pounds per lateral foot. And after drilling and completing over 800 wells, this last large pad that we brought on had the best results that we've ever had in the Cana-Woodford play. As we think about the STACK play right now, we're using a hybrid type job, so we've got a little bit of a gel with – the total fluid is more dominated with the slick water. So we're continuing to experiment and modify with our completion designs, but we are increasing our sand loads there up to about 2,600 to 2,750 pounds per lateral foot and enjoying increasing success there. So, John, we're getting a lot of this information, and we're really all about trying to make the highest return per well, not necessarily just to pump large jobs. So getting a lot of data out there, got a lot of data in our library and we pump a lot of slick water jobs. But in a few places like the Eagle Ford and in STACK right now, we're using a hybrid fluid.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Does the hybrid take longer to clean up?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: I don't believe it does, John. Probably have to get a little bit more feel from our technical guys, but I think our hybrid fluids are breaking with temperature, and I don't think there's a problem there. So just hadn't heard of that complaint.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, gentlemen. Maybe a couple smaller ones, could you talk about the infrastructure buildout in STACK in the Permian, how it matches up with the potential rig count additions in the second half of 2016 and 2017? And any potential limitations or bottleneck as you look forward over the next couple years?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: If you start in the Delaware, one of the things that has really changed over, I'd say, the last eight to 12 months, Ryan, has been the buildout of the infrastructure. And, as you noticed, some notes in our operating report, the majority of our work now, we have power grid systems to all of our wells. We also have the majority of our fluid being transported by pipe. And so the infrastructure – and you can really see that as our LOE per BOE cost has dramatically dropped from over $16 a barrel down to the $8 type number over that period of time. So the infrastructure we built out in the Delaware Basin especially is there. There's no local takeaway issues associated with our work that we anticipate doing in the next couple years. So really the Delaware has now caught up to that infrastructure and the returns are good. The cost to drill and complete wells is down, and certainly the monthly recurring lease operating cost is down. And if you move over into the STACK play, the Cana-Woodford part of that is very well developed out. We got a great water system there. We're building out our concept for the Meramec play right now. That's in the design phase. We're working very closely with our midstream partner, EnLink, and they're helping us understand what the long-term takeaway opportunities might be. But, again, we don't believe that's really a question in our current thought process for our current development until probably 2019. So we're working toward that. We'll have the appropriate solution identified. We'll be able to communicate that to you. And just a plug for the guys at the EnLink, I think we highlighted essentially the flat production in the Barnett from Q1 to Q2, and with no capital, and it's pretty amazing some of the work that our team has done. That team consists of both Devon people and our EnLink team. And so there's been great, thoughtful work on line pressure reductions, optimizing plunger lifts, and the artificial lift systems out there. So really having that partnership with EnLink is really providing a lot of value across our asset base.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's perfect. Thanks. And then maybe one logical follow-up on that, you've seen significant downward pressure in both LOE and G&A unit cost over the past 18 months. I mean, how much more room do you have to run there in terms of pushing costs lower in the Permian? You've gone from kind of $15 to $8 a barrel over the past six quarters. Can that go to $6 or $4 or further? Any thoughts on what we should expect over the next 12-plus months?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, I'll start off with this answer then hand it over to Tony. But on the G&A side of it, the bulk of the reductions that we're seeing there were related to reductions in head count, and we're just now starting to see all of that flow through the financials. But we have the staffing in place that we are comfortable with to execute the program now, and also we could handle somewhat higher levels of activity as well, up to around 15 to 20 operated rigs. So we certainly don't see a reduction in head count anymore, as long as we maintain this path to recovery that we're on right now. And we certainly have the staffing in place in order to execute our capital program. And I'll turn it over to Tony to talk a little bit more on the LOE and where we may be able to go.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Ryan, I think there's a real passionate push in the company right now to manage cost, and it's – while we don't have much of a capital program in comparison to what we had in 2014, a lot of our attention here in the last 12 months has really been towards managing our base business, and we've stood up an operations excellence group here that really has done a great job facilitating this focused effort to drive costs down. All of our men and women in the field locations are doing a good job participating with us. So as we have built out our water handling capacity across all of our fields, we have more of our water going through pipe. We own more SWD capacity than we've had in the past. As we've brought power grid system into our business, we've been able to release probably about close to 300 rental generators just in the Delaware Basin alone. Really good, thoughtful work there. And we have a supply chain group that is closely linked in with our operating team. And they're doing everything from reducing compression costs through renegotiating some contracts, doing the same thing for chemicals. We're working on the water that we do have to transport and handle, where work does cost in. So we got a great, focused effort going on with our supply chain, all of our field people. And, again, it's something that is really passionate in the company right now. Where we go from there, I mean, you can start looking at some of the costs, and they start flattening out just in terms of the price per unit. But we're still working on this, and we believe a lot of the wins still left to get are just through attention to detail and through designing changes and through managing our business even better than we have in the past.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: That's all the time we have left for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Howard Thill for any closing remarks.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we appreciate everyone's attention. We apologize we couldn't get to everybody in the hour, but happy to follow up with you after this. If we can do anything else for you, please let us know, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for joining us today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp. David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp. Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp. Thomas L. Mitchell - Devon Energy Corp. Darryl G. Smette - Devon Energy Corp.
Analysts: Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Derrick Whitfield - GMP Securities LLC Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Melissa, and I'd like to wish everyone a good morning as well and welcome you to Devon Energy's third quarter earnings conference call. Hope you've had a chance to review our first quarter earnings release, which includes our forward-looking guidance as well as our detailed ops report. Also on the call today are Dave Hager, President and CEO, Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer, Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and a few other members of our senior management team. Finally, I'll remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call will contain forecast plans, expectations, and estimates which are forward-looking statements under US securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results might differ materially. For a review of risk factors relating to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone. There is no question that low commodity prices in the first quarter led to tough conditions for Devon and the industry. However, we responded to these challenges by delivering another outstanding operating performance as we continue to take the appropriate steps to deliver significant cost reductions and accelerate efficiency gains across our portfolio. These successful efforts resulted in us delivering production at the high end of our guidance, driving down both operating costs and G&A down more than 20% year-over-year, and increasing our liquidity to $4.6 billion. This strong execution has improved our full year 2016 outlook with us raising our 2016 production targets by 3%; importantly, without any incremental capital requirements. Additionally, our cost saving initiatives are well on their way to preserve more than $1 billion of cash flow during the year, and commodity prices are running above our base budgeting expectations. Even with a meaningful increase in commodity prices from first quarter lows, our disciplined approach to this environment remains unchanged. Our top priority is to protect our balance sheet strength by balancing spending requirements with cash flow, and we see no compelling reason to accelerate production at these improved yet still low pricing points. As I touched on earlier, our 2016 E&P capital program remains unchanged and the activity we'll deploy is designed to maximize cash flow generation and maintain operational continuity in our top resource plays. For us, to consider adding additional activity, we would need to make additional progress on our asset sales, have the ability to hedge at sustainably higher commodity prices, and have comfort that we can secure services and supplies at rationale costs. When these conditions are met, we have no shortage of attractive investment opportunities across our resource-rich portfolio. Our core assets are concentrated in North America's best basins, and we are getting the most out of these assets with best-in-class execution that has consistently exceeded peer results through higher production rates, lower capital costs, and reduced operating expenses. While there are several variables to consider when allocating capital, it is likely that we would initially accelerate activity with our top two franchise assets, the STACK and Delaware Basin. Between these two world-class resource plays, we have access to over 1 million net acres and thousands of low-risk development opportunities that are delivering rates of return that rank among the very top of our asset portfolio. Another strategic imperative for Devon in 2016 is the work we're doing to improve our financial strength through the monetization of $2 billion to $3 billion of non-core assets. In April, we took an important step towards that goal with the announced sale of our Mississippian assets in northern Oklahoma for $200 million. The data rooms for our remaining non-core upstream assets have been open since early March, and bids are expected by the end of the second quarter. The interest in our Midland, east Texas, and Granite Wash asset packages has been quite strong, and we have great confidence in our ability to sell these assets at attractive prices in 2016. In Canada, we're also making progress toward the sale of our 50% interest in Access Pipeline. Negotiations are ongoing with discussions centered on contract related considerations. Given the multi-decade lifespan of heavy oil assets, it is important that we judiciously work through these contractual details to ensure both parties are comfortable with the long-term relationship. Overall, we are encouraged by the direction of these conversations, and we still expect to announce a transaction in the first half of this year. Before we move to Q&A, I want to summarize a few key messages from today's call. Even with the recent uptick in pricing, our top priority remains unchanged – maintain a strong balance. We are committed to balancing capital requirements with cash flow and enhancing our financial strengths by utilizing upstream asset sale proceeds to reduce debt. We are laser-focused on the controllable aspects of our business. This is evidenced by our outstanding operational performance in the first quarter and our continued cost control efforts. We have taken aggressive actions to position Devon not only to weather this downturn but to be positioned to take advantage of our world-class resource plays when market conditions incentivize higher activity levels. And as commodity prices recover, Devon has significant leverage to rising oil, natural gas and NGL prices. For every $1 increase in realized price on a Boe basis, Devon generates more than $200 million of incremental cash flow annually. Additionally, this $1 increase in realized price proportionately expands Devon's margins more than nearly every large producer in North America. Couple this with a catalyst-rich deleveraging of the balance sheet from the asset sales and upside from further delineation of the STACK play, Devon is extremely well-positioned for differential stock price performance. With that, I will turn the call back to Howard for Q&A.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks, Dave. To ensure that we get as many people as possible on the call, we'd ask you to please limit yourself to one question with an associated follow-up. You may re-prompt to ask additional questions as time permits. With that, Melissa, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question is from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, I just wanted to start with the STACK update. You've said that the results are bigger, they're oilier and the down-spacing is more interesting, but, obviously, you're capital constrained in terms of the amount of cash that you can put there until perhaps the disposals are executed. So maybe just give us a sense of the type of news flow that you might be able to generate in terms of those three aspects, particularly EURs and down-spacing over the course of this year. Thank you.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I think Tony Vaughn is going to take a stab at this, Ed.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning, Ed. As we continue to work our footprint in the STACK play, we overwhelmingly have a positive feel about the results that we see. And I think the operating report that we published last night continues to show that our results are above type curve expectations. The interesting thing about this, with a lot of rock and fluid and pressure variability across the play, in fact, Ed, the whole play is working from the far northeast to the southwest really well. But there's a lot of different characteristics of the play that are changing across that footprint. And if you look at the results that we've had just in the Devon footprint, our range of results have been very tight. Our P10 to P90 ratio is about 2.4, which is very indicative of a lower-risk development-type play. So, I think as we go forward, we'll continue to see optimization of our completion designs. We're changing the fluids, we're changing the proppant loads, we're changing the number of stages and tightening up on the per-cluster spacing, just like a lot of people in the industry are doing. So that will continue to optimize our results. We're also engaged in about six different pilots across our footprint, and four of those are being operated by Devon. We already have production data coming at us on two of those pilots that we commented on in the operations report. It's early, but the early indications are on a fairly conservative spacing on a single zone of five wells per section, which we're testing in the Alma, we didn't see interference on the frac work that we were doing. All the well rates are coming into the type curve if not better. We published a little bit of early information on the Born Free test, which was a staggered type test in the Meramec, and very positive there that we did not see the energy cross from one interval to the next. And ultimately, that would be spaced at about six wells per common zone, potentially 13 in the two that we're testing there. And we also have two additional pilots that we'll test seven and eight wells per section in a common interval. So I think, as the data flow comes in throughout the year, we'll get more information about spacing. We're participating in some other pilots from some of our non-operated partners there. They'll have information coming in. So, really, for the second half of 2016, I think that spacing question will start being a lot more clear. I think you'll continue to see our performance improve as we optimize the work that we do. But, right now, we're extremely pleased. And as you know, if you look at the location count there, it's just very deep for Devon. And this will be a driver for Devon's future for a long time.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then a quick follow-up on the disposals. The commodity prices have picked up. Has that changed the attitude from buyers, particularly perhaps on the E&P side?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, Tom Mitchell can give you some more details on this. But I can tell you we're very pleased with where we are right now with the process. All indications have been positive so far. We're still in the middle of the process, but we're very confident of our ability to deliver in the range that we have put out there of the $2 billion to $3 billion. Tom, add to that?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Devon Energy Corp.: Not a lot to add to that, Ed. It has been very – a lot of interest in the process, even more than we had expected and from strong parties, parties that are good for the money. So the commodity price environment has worked in our favor in that regard as well as the liquidity events that we had earlier in the year. So we're well positioned, I think, to do extremely well with the trades.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Subash Chandra from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. A follow up on the question specifically, maybe I missed it but, for shorthand, did you put out a EUR in the over pressured oil window?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Subash, I think we've got a type curve, I'm looking for it right now, that we commented on at the time we acquired the Felix footprint. And we actually had two different type curves, one in the volatile oil window and one in the oil window. Roughly speaking, they're about – initial rates of about 1,500 Boes per day with an EUR of about 1,400 MBoes.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. I can go back and take a look. My follow-up is the Q2 decline and, I guess, as we come off of Q1 production, basin by basin, a little bit more flavor, if you could, on where you expect to see it. And Canada has been surprisingly strong. I assume there was no royalty benefit, so how you see Canada performing for the rest of the year?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. To give you an idea, we are seeing quarter-over-quarter oil decline here from our core oil of about 25,000 barrels a day. But I think the most important thing to understand is that when you look out for the second half of the year, we expect our oil production to be flat to slightly higher than the Q2 production as our completion activity resumes in the Eagle Ford and our Jackfish 2 facility ramps up to nameplate capacity. So it is a – and obviously, overall, we raised our production guidance, and so, overall, it's a very positive story. We may be seeing a slightly higher decline in Q2 than some of you may have expected just mainly because we have such high rate wells that we delivered, particularly in the Eagle Ford, in the last half of 2015 and with the lack of completion activity here earlier in the year as the completion crews left the field. But, overall, it's a very positive story. I think it may just have surprised a couple people that we're taking it in the second quarter. But the good news is, as commodity prices improve, hopefully, in the second half of the year, given that we raised our overall guidance, we'd be producing more than what was originally anticipated in the second half when prices will be higher. So, Tony, do you want to add some more detail to that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, just I think you said it well, Dave. Subash, if you go from Q1 to Q2, Dave commented that our total decline on oil will be about 25,000 barrels of oil per day. We actually have a turnaround schedule for Jackfish 2 in the second quarter, which will account for about 10,000 BOs per day. But if you look at the Delaware Basin and the STACK position on oil production, they're essentially flat over the last portion of the year, the second half of the year. So, as Dave mentioned, it's a positive story for the company. I think if you look and specifically talk about the Eagle Ford, you'll notice that we had outstanding results in the second half of 2014 and that carried into Q1 of 2015. I'm sorry. Second half of 2015 that carried into the first quarter of 2016. And if you go back and look at that, the pace of activity was about 50 IDs to 55 IDs per quarter. The number of wells we brought on in Q1 of 2016 was only 22 wells, and that happened to be early in the quarter. So, we ramped down activity along with working that work with a partner there. So, the Eagle Ford has taken a larger – projected to take a larger drop from Q1 of 2016 to Q2 of 2016. But, again, as we bring – we've taken a completion holiday there as we bring completion units back into the field in the latter part of Q2, we'll see that production stabilize from Q2 through Q4 in the Eagle Ford. Month to month, it's going to be pretty cyclical just depending on the pace of new wells that we bring on.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Let me just follow up on the prior question on the production profile as it relates to the Eagle Ford. How many of the 90 DUC inventory do you expect to complete from June until year-end?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: In the Eagle Ford, as I mentioned, we were completing about 50 wells to 55 wells per quarter. In Q1, it's about 22 wells and we'll take a holiday through Q2 of no new wells brought on in Q2, but then we'll see, roughly speaking, about 35 wells and about 15 wells in Q3 and Q4. So it's really lumpy. We've got two drilling rigs working in the field. And as we build up a little bit of inventory there, we will tend to work that down with one to one and a half frac crews and maintain a fairly flat DUC inventory from the beginning of the year to the end of the year, just be a little bit lumpy from month to month.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And are those – those are firm plans with you and your partner? Do they depend upon the crude price or otherwise? I presume not, given your hedges.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: That's our current plan, but I just – I've got to point out to you that we're – right now, on the technical side, we're lockstep with BHP. We had the same thought process going forward. So I think that's the plan that we're going to execute on. And of course, if commodity prices change, we've got the ability to be flexible with that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And what would the production decline from Eagle Ford look like with no additional wells or no additional completions in 2H?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, I think if you look at it, our Q4 to Q4 decline just on the Eagle Ford just on oil is roughly about 30%. That doesn't include a lot of new IDs in the second half of the year. It'll be a little bit more than that. And I think we published in the past that our first year decline on Eagle Ford wells is very high. It's above 50% per year first and second year decline. So, as I mentioned, we had an aggressive activity schedule through 2015 and without continuing that pace of activity, we're just seeing a lot of fairly young immature wells in the high portion of their decline come on right now, and we're not having the new IDs to maintain that total flow rate.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: What Tony described to you as a first year decline rate of 50% for new wells and you would have a number of wells that are not on their first year of production. They'd be in the latter part of the decline curve. And so your number would be probably a little bit less than that on an overall basis.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, guys. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dave, you've talked in the past about – it's that horrible question about when do you go back to work. But you guys have been a little more specific about requiring the asset sales to be done pretty much irrespective of where the oil price goes. So I just wonder if I could ask you to kind of revisit your thoughts there. And obviously, it's all predicated on your confidence level in getting the asset sales done. So, do you go back to work in an oil price recovery before the asset sales are done or do the asset sales still have to come first?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: The asset sales still have to come first. And now, having said that, I recognize this is a show-me environment, and we understand that very well. But I reiterate our confidence in the asset sales that we are going to get those asset sales executed. Without going into a tremendous amount of detail of the discussions and negotiations, we think that that is something that is working very positively, and we're confident that we're going to get those done in the timeframe that we described. But that is the first priority is to make sure that we do that. After that, then there are a number of things we'll factor in to increasing our activities; commodity prices, capital costs, operating expenses, many more. But, directionally, you could look for us to start adding incremental activity when oil prices are $50 or higher. Now, that doesn't mean we go back from the two operated rigs to 20 operated rigs immediately at $50. That means we would start adding operated rigs at that point. I said during the comments that the most likely first place that we would add the rigs would be in the Delaware Basin and then the STACK play where, obviously, well results are just outstanding and amongst the best in the industry in both of those places. And so, we would incrementally add rigs as prices increase. But it would probably take $60 oil or more to really get back to a capital spend level of close to $2 billion versus the $1 billion we're at now, which would, really, with our maintenance capital sitting somewhere between $1.5 billion or $2 billion, that would allow us to flatten the production. Although, frankly, we're not – our number one priority is not just flattening the production on a 6:1 conversion rate. We're much more interested in, first, the financial strength of the balance sheet, and then, second, making sure that every dollar that we invest is generating strong economic returns. And we included a graph in the operations report that gives you a feel that, again, we have some of the – not only are we in some of the best plays in onshore North America, but we're in the heart of some of the best plays. We're in the core of the core of these plays. So, we certainly have, we think, as good of an economic opportunity as anybody out there. But, again, first, it's going to take the asset sales, second, starting adding rigs at $50, again, a small increment then, and then continuing to ramp up as prices increase into our strong plays.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the full answer, Dave. Thank you. My second one's really a quick follow-up to Evan's question on the Eagle Ford. Obviously, your full year guidance presumably had the production for the trajectory that you've shown for the Eagle Ford baked in already. But you did mention in the prepared remarks or in the release that there was some planned downtime on infrastructure. I don't know if I missed that, but can you quantify what the volume impact is of that downtime in Q2 and whether or not it's meaningful? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, there is a minor amount of planned downtime. It's probably on the order of a little less than 5,000 barrels a day overall, but that is part of the impact as well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. Perhaps, Tony, I was wondering if you could comment on just overall well results and returns that you're seeing in the over-pressured versus the normally pressured STACK and perhaps where Devon's well results from an operated and non-operated have been concentrated?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Thanks for the question, Arun. I guess if I had to characterize the results that we're seeing, they're very consistent. If you look at our type curve of about that 1,300 Boes to 1,500 Boes per day, we've brought on about five operated wells and five non-operated wells. All of those are at the type curve or better. The footprint, again, when we look at all of the attributes of the STACK play, the project is working all across the play, but the attributes that describe the subsurface are drastically changing. And the rock composition changes from the northwest to the southeast, the pressure gradient for the whole play is largely over-pressured. It does tend to increase in pressure as you go to the southwestern portion of the field. And then as you move from the northeast to the southwest, you've got a changing fluid composition. All that's working across the field. If you look at ours, we're seeing type curve type results very consistently. I think the best completion we've brought on this quarter was about 2,100 Boes per day. So we're feeling pretty good about that. We find that the sweet spot that we've identified in our operating report for the STACK play has got the best combination of all those attributes which incorporate depth and cost to complete. So we think that's going to be the high-return portion of the development right now.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: One of the things we – what I'd probably just add in here, one of the things we tried to clarify by including a map in the operations report is that it's a gradational amount of over-pressure throughout the play. And there's a map, I think, on page seven that shows it very clearly that, essentially, all of our acreage is located in the over-pressured part of the play. It's just the degree to which it is over-pressured, and the degree to which it's over-pressured increases as you move from northeast to southwest. Now, as you move further to the northeast in our acreage position, you get more into the normal pressured oil window. That can work too. I think, frankly, Newfield has had some good results up there as well and very economic results. But, essentially, all of our acreage is in the over-pressured part of the window, it's just the degree to which it's over-pressured. So if you look at that map, I think that's helpful.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just my follow-up is I was wondering if you could go through the staggered lateral testing in the Eagle Ford. Just maybe comment on that pilot and expectations going forward to develop the Eagle Ford using that spacing type of pattern.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, we're encouraged. We drilled 25 wells on a staggered approach in the Lower Eagle Ford. We've got a 3D earth model there that the technical team has built, and we got an accurate description of where all the well bores have penetrated. And if you're just staying within the Lower Eagle Ford section, whether you're in the upper portion of that interval or the lower portion of that, the results have all been the same. So we have now incorporated the staggered approach into the Lower Eagle Ford, and results will be coming in on the 25 wells in the next couple of quarters. But early indications are that's extremely favorable. So, we're seeing reservoir pressures that would indicate that we're not seeing interference or influence from each of those wells. One thing that we're going to be testing in the last three quarters of this year will be how to incorporate the Upper Eagle Ford shale into that development. And there's not a lot of shale barriers between that Upper Eagle Ford and the Lower Eagle Ford section, so we're encouraged and I believe BHP is going to be supportive of this work as to pilot an Upper Eagle Ford shale completion along with our staggered approach in the Lower Eagle Ford. And that will be what we think will be ultimately the design that we will go forward for the remaining development of the resource base.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin from Société Générale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Hi. One on the STACK. How gradational are the members vertically or how well defined are the various members between the upper and the lower? And will this affect – given the pressure gradients you've already discussed across your acreage, will you have to have kind of multiple pad development plans depending on where you are?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: John, I think we're getting – we've got a great description of the surface there, and a lot of it's through the vertical wells that had been drilled, a lot of it on the south end of the field have been through the 800 wells that we drilled in our Cana-Woodford project. But we've got a great earth model that we built. We continue to refine that with new data. I think the guys are very comfortable seeing five individual potential landing zones, three of those in the Upper Meramec, two in the lower. I think the technical team is very confident with that. A lot of the data to-date has been in what we call the Meramec 200 with some data in the Meramec 300. We think we have that well understood. The portions that I think us and the industry are needing to appraise would be the very upper member of the Meramec, what we call the Meramec 100, and also the lowest member in the Lower Meramec, which is the Meramec 500. And I think if you look at the pressure distribution across the footprint there, I think it's a gradational map. If you take an isobar map of that, it's nothing where you go from normal pressure to high pressure in a short distance. It's just a gradual trend from east to west. So, I think that's being incorporated. You'll handle that with three-string design on the western side of the field. On the shallow and east side of the field, you'll handle with a two-string design, so it will be a little cheaper activity on the east than the west. But it's nothing that's, I think, onerous in terms of the future development concept.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: John, I guess, just to add on, geologically, if you look at the logs, we have a good handle on where each of these zones has developed. That's not really the issue. The issue is more just how productive are each of these zones, what spacing can you do in each of these zones? And, conceptually, if I can just broaden the discussion just a little bit, to give you guys an idea of what we're doing both in the STACK play and the Delaware Basin, we have so many zones of STACK play in there in both of these areas that we are conducting as many of these pilots as we can early on to assess how to properly develop these areas. It would be real easy right now to just skip the pilots, go in, drill everything on four wells per section in one zone, produce wells with great rates of return, and then wake up three years from now and you've blown through your inventory. That's not what we're doing. We are taking a much more thoughtful approach of understanding the productivity and the spacing in each of these zones so that we can develop each of these areas rather than what may be – and I'm talking very conceptually here – what may be instead of four wells to five wells per section in single zone, you could have many more wells per section, perhaps 20 wells, 25 wells, 30 wells per section after you understand the proper spacing in each of these intervals and how many of these you can develop within the same area. And so that's why it's, we think, is appropriate at this time of lower activity to really do these spacing tests and really understand, because it has a huge impact on the ultimate resource that's going to be recovered in each of these plays and on the value associated with each of these plays. And so that's conceptually where we're trying to go with all these tests.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thanks. That's what I was hoping to hear. My next question is on Canada. Obviously, Jackfish 2 turning around, but with the fires do you anticipate having any issues with what's going on in Fort McMurray now? And that's it for me.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: John, I think just got a report from our operating team last day, and most of the activity that you're talking about is north of Fort McMurray, so there's nothing that we're worried about. We watch it every summer and it's been a dry spring, so that area has tuned into it, and we have turnaround scheduled again in June of this year, so we'll make sure that we're free and clear before we start that activity
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. If I could ask another question on the STACK, I'm curious, after you get your asset sales done, if it would also be an option to perhaps clean up some of the holes in your STACK position. If you look at it, you guys are having great results there and I have to imagine that some of those holes in your footprint have to be more valuable to you than they'd be to other people. So, I guess, I'm asking what would be your appetite for that or is it an opportunity?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles, I think that is an opportunity. It's the way all of our technical teams work in these core areas. So, we're continuing to work with some of the offset operators and trying to core up where we can. We like the idea of having the ability to drill longer laterals in all the areas that we work. So we're working with some of our offset partners on more of a holistic scale. We've got a great footprint there, and we've got a lot of running room. So it's not like we need to go out and acquire something of size or materiality, but we will continue to look for opportunities in core just like you mentioned.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Having said that, I want to make clear, Charles, to you and everybody else, we're done with major acquisitions. So what we're talking about here is just trying to core up our acreage in these existing plays, where, as you say, the acreage immediately adjacent to our existing acreage may be more viable to us than others. But as far as major acquisitions, we're done with that.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. So that might take the forum of trades so you can lengthen lateral and share the working interest or something like that.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Absolutely.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. And then if I could ask a question about the Leonard, which I don't think anyone's asked about yet. Could you give us – so you guys raised your type curve there, and you seem like you're more positive on that than you were a few months ago. Can you put that play in context with the other Delaware Basin plays? I think where my baseline is that the Bone Spring is still the big dog out there followed by the Wolfcamp, but is the Leonard or are the recent results of Leonard changing that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Charles, I think we've reported now on three recent Leonard tests there and we've been extremely happy with that. And you can see this one that we reported on in the operations report is outstanding. It's a two-mile long lateral. It's in the Thistle area. We have, I believe, about 60,000 prospective acres in the Leonard play. So, in terms of scale, it probably doesn't – it's not the same magnitude as the 2nd Bone Springs, but in terms of well returns, it's every bit the same thing as the 2nd Bone Springs. And industry has done a really good job of de-risking the Leonard and the Wolfcamp around us. There's been some industry spacing tests that we've got the data on that have helped us understand where we go from here. Our location camp that we commented on in the past, specifically for the Leonard, has really been directed towards the work that we see in what we call the Leonard B zones. But the A and the C are prospective as well. Industry is actually working in the A and C, and our tests that we commented on have been in the B. So there's the potential to drive the location count up both on a risk and a un-risk basis. And, again, as we start thinking about our development plans to ramp up activity, the Leonard and the 2nd Bone Springs will be at the top of our list in terms of incremental well returns.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful detail. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: One of the points you made that you're looking for to accelerate activity is comfort that you can secure supplies at rationale costs and wanted to see if you could comment on that point. And maybe to try to phrase the question to the degree you were thinking not about $1 billion budget but a $1.5 billion budget, do you think you could execute on that within what you would expect to achieve the returns you're looking for? And what if it were a $2 billion budget, where if anywhere do you see any constraints?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, obviously, the lower the level of incremental activity the more confidence that we have that we can go out and execute at very similar type costs what exists today. And as you probably double the activity, we most likely would be doing that in an environment where we're not the only one that's increasing activity. The rest of the industry would as well and so the ability to do so for the same service costs, given the great reduction that we've seen in service companies in terms of their capability is the availability of services, the availability of people that becomes more challenged. So I don't think any of us have an absolute answer as to what the implications of that are. But it's just something I can say with great confidence that we'd be assessing very carefully to make sure that we are producing still strong returns on these outstanding assets that we have. So I would anticipate, if we're going to increase from $1 billion to $1.5 billion, there may be some increases associated with that, but they'd probably be much more manageable increases. If we go up to $2 billion, we just have to see. But, again, we're in as good a position as anybody in the industry. This is not a problem that's unique to Devon. This is a problem that's going to exist for everybody as prices recover and service industry attempts to recover and rehire people and retool their industry as well that we're all going to have to be assessing. So, Tony or Darryl, do you guys want to add some more to that?
Darryl G. Smette - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah. This is Darryl. I would say, as we see it right now, the only area where we think if there's a big upturn in activity that would cause us some immediate concerns would be in the stimulation side of the business. We think there's adequate rigs that are available even though they are now stacked but not cannibalized, and we're talking the 1,500 HP rigs. We think there is ample supply of those if we had to double, for example, the industry would double their capital expenditure program. We think the tubulars are in pretty good shape. While there has been some decrease in the amount of labor that's available, we think, with modest increases, that labor would be back over a period of time, whether that's six months or eight months. The stimulation area is a different animal. Right now, we think that's been cut about 33% in terms of capacity. How long it takes to get that 33% back? We don't know. But that would be the one area that initially would cause us some concern on the cost side of the equation.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's really helpful color. Thank you. My follow-up is on the STACK play. If we think about the changes in pressure regimes, the changes in GORs over a well's life, the strong oil rates that you've shown from at least on an initial production rate basis and your legacy production, how should we expect oil as a percent of the total mix to evolve as we go over the next one to two years?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Brian, I'll tell you, we're watching that pretty close and the STACK play in the Meramec is too young to specifically comment. I will highlight though that all the fluid data that we have seen across the play has been to the optimistic side of our initial interpretation. So, all the new IPs that we're commenting on have oil contents of 60% or greater. We characterize, over the life of this field, that we would see something in the order of about 40%, roughly 40%, 45% oil. I'm not sure how this goes, but we'll have to watch that. But, so far, across the play, we've been highly encouraged. And I'll tell you that the one anomaly that we've seen has been really testing the far southwest portion of the Meramec there. We've seen oil contents much higher than what we see in the Cana-Woodford, which, really, we haven't talked much about our legacy acreage position in the Woodford. But that really sets that whole couple of hundred thousand acres of ours up for prospective higher yield production in the future. So, really, it's a positive story for the play and specifically for our footprint.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, David. David, is there any scenario under which you don't sell Access? Are we now just at the point of crossing the Ts and dotting the Is on that deal? And is there some alternative, whereby, you would want to keep it? Thanks?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, you're never done until you're done and so it's important to remember here that we're not – it's not just as simple as perhaps the sale of an E&P asset. We're actually entering into a long-term transportation agreement with the purchaser of this asset. And so, given that, we're establishing a relationship that's going to exist, and we have to make sure that all the provisions in the contract work for both sides. So that's certainly something that we continue to work through. I can tell you so far that we have been working with a party for quite some time, and we have had additional interest from some other parties as well. So we're very optimistic about where we stand in the overall process with this. It's just a lot of things you have to make sure you get right. And also – we also have, beyond the tariffs associated with Jackfish itself right now, we obviously have another project sitting up there in the Pike project that we think is as high a quality as the Jackfish project. And this is a project we haven't sanctioned yet, but it's something that perhaps and we'd consider strongly sanctioning in a more normalized commodity price environment. So that has some bearing on – and the associated tariffs on that – on how that would be valued by the potential purchaser. So we're working through all those type things. But I can tell you, discussions are going extremely well on multiple fronts right now. And so, you're never done until you're done, and it's obviously more than just dotting an I and crossing a T, I would say. It's having discussions around some pertinent issues in the contract. But discussions so far have been very, very positive and we still think that it's very realistic to have it done by the end of the first half.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good. Thank you for that. A follow-up which is separate, you mentioned, as you ended your comments, the leverage of Devon to oil prices. Were you talking ex-hedging and can you just go over your hedging strategy again given the way things have changed? Are you intending maybe to carry more leverage to upside in oil prices now or are you going to be aiming for a similar level of protection as you have had previously? Thanks.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, our overall strategy on that, Paul, is unchanged. We target, and it's not an absolute, but we target to be approximately 50% hedged by the point at which we enter any given year. And that's to help underpin the cash flows of the company to give us confidence around the capital spend that we can execute. Now, we have, in historical years, with the exception of coming into 2016, but many other years, we had a very, very successful hedging program. In 2015, as you know, we had well over $2 billion of hedge gains. And so it's a program that's worked very well. We have added some very attractive Q2 gas hedges now. We have more than 30% of our expected production hedged at around $2.69 per Mcf. And for the remainder of 2016, more than 25% of our oil production is protected primarily through collars with a weighted average ceiling price of $44 and a protective pullover on $39. So, we're going to add, on an opportunistic basis throughout 2016, hedges where we see appropriate. I can also tell you that we have recently implemented a change where we're going to do a certain level of our hedging program, not the entire program, but a base level of our hedging program on a more programmatic basis, where we will enter in a level of hedges each quarter and we'll probably hedge forward as far as six quarters and do it on a consistent programmatic basis. But we'll still have – a good portion of the program is going to be done more on an opportunistic basis as we have historically done as well with the overall target to be around 50% hedged as we enter in any given year
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. So, basically, you're retaining that 50% target, you just may change the trading strategy to be more ratable, I guess, to a given extent?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, that – yeah, a little bit of change. Not a huge change; a little bit. So we're adding some programmatic and a little bit less on the opportunistic side. And, by the way, Paul, on those sensitivities, those are ex-hedges. Those are without hedges.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Sullivan from Alembic Global. Your line is open.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for getting me in here. Just one quick follow-up there on the sensitivities, obviously, so you just clarified that it doesn't include the hedges you guys have laid on, but it does include, I'm assuming, the expense – the leverage you guys are getting from the expense cuts that you guys have made to-date, I assume, right?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, it would be excluding the hedges that we have layered on. That's correct. And it's really based on the realized price that we are getting.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. So just on a kind of totally different topic, most of the questions have been kind of asked and answered, but what are you guys seeing in the NGL markets? Obviously, you guys have a lot of leverage to that product in the STACK, especially in the whole Cana position and everything. But, obviously, the ethane and propane prices have come back a little bit. Can you just give us your macro thoughts on that overall product category, how you see things going into the second half of 2016 into 2017 with the potential for demand increases?
Darryl G. Smette - Devon Energy Corp.: Yeah, this is Darryl. And you are exactly right. We have a large component of our production as NGLs, just around 20%. Just some background: about 50% of that is ethane, between 25% and 30% is propane, and the rest are butanes and natural gasoline. In the macro view, we continue to see that improve, although we still think, in the short-term over the next few months, you're going to see a greater amount of supply than demand. However, that demand is starting to increase as we bring on additional petrochemical plants and we continue to add export capacity via water. That has increased in the last three years from about 200,000 barrels a day, the export capacity, up to about pretty close to 1 million barrels a day. By the end of this year, early next year, we'll have added another 250,000 barrels a day of export capacity on the water; about half of that is propane, butane and gasolines, about half of that is ethane. So we're starting to see the export opportunities bring supply and demand back into balance, and so we think there's going to be more upward pressure on NGL products over time than we've seen in the last year and a half.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Most have been answered. One final one. On the Barnett, if we were to see a ramp in gas prices, would you – what would it take to accelerate activity there or would you use that additional cash flow to un-allocate to one of the crude plays?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: David, we look at our entire portfolio. So when we generate incremental cash flow, we look at the entire portfolio. And I would suspect that the entire boat would be lifted. We like the Barnett. We think it's got low-risk opportunities. I think we've commented in the past couple of calls that we really have de-risked and completely understand the vertical re-frac opportunity, and we've got about 30 of the horizontal re-frac opportunities under our belt, and we think we've understood how to do that. We've got a real positive relationship with our EnLink partners there. So we would consider the Barnett. We also have some opportunities in Cana in the drier portion or leaner portion of that property as well that would be just as commercial.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So, I get – okay. Fair enough. Appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Payne from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: You guys have answered my question on the hedging, but glad to see you're going to be raising that through the rest of the year. Thank you.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derrick Whitfield from GMP Securities. Your line is open.
Derrick Whitfield - GMP Securities LLC: Thank you, and good morning. So, speaking to the STACK Meramec, in your upside case of 14 wells per section on page eight, how many flow units or intervals are you assuming in that density pilot? Is it simply 2, as the chart indicates? And more specifically, is it the Meramec 200 and Meramec 300 intervals?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: Well, it's going to vary. It's a little bit hard to describe. But it depends on where you are in the play as to which of the Meramec zones you're going to develop, because different zones are developed aerially on different parts of the play. And what we're trying to describe in that is whichever is the primary, and it could be the Meramec 200, it could be the Meramec 300, it could be the Meramec 100, whichever the primary testing at eight wells per section. And we're also testing a secondary zone and up to six wells per section. But exactly which interval that is will vary across the play depending on where it's developed geologically.
Derrick Whitfield - GMP Securities LLC: Thanks. And then just order of magnitude, Dave, and I understand it varies with regard to where you are in the play, but how many industry results do we have in the Meramec 100 and Meramec 500? Because that seems to be the least delineated based on your comments?
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: I think that's correct. I don't know the exact well count, but we have about 140 data points across industry. We actually have an ownership position in about a hundred of those 140 data points. In fact, we have data in most of the 140 data points. We've operated about – I think about 30, 35 operations. But, again, it's largely being confined, at this point, to the Meramec 200 and Meramec 300. Order of magnitude, I think, we probably have less than five data points in both the Meramec 100 and the Meramec 500 zones.
Derrick Whitfield - GMP Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamaal Dardar from TPH. Your line is open.
Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Most of my questions were answered, but I just wanted to touch on the Delaware and Wolfcamp. It looks like appraisal drilling will be somewhat limited this year. But just kind of want to think on timing of tests there given some really positive results we've seen, particularly in Lea County. So just wanted to get a sense on your expectations on prospectivity and results in that part of the basin? Thanks.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Jamaal, we have really focused on our work in the 2nd Bone Spring. We continue to find that the 2nd Bone Spring and now the Leonard will be the top incremental returns that we can generate in our portfolio. We really like how industry has de-risked around us, the Wolfcamp. And as you mentioned, it's come up across the Mexico border. We watch all that work. If you look at the – or if you consider the future development plan for the STACK column of opportunities, it all hinge on what your outlook is for commodity prices going forward. And so, in the kind of the mid-cycle to low-cycle case, we've got a lot of work to do in the 2nd Bone Spring and the Leonard sands. And as we move from the mid-cycle to the high-cycle, we've got a lot of opportunity in the Wolfcamp that will be incorporated into that. So we're encouraged by the Wolfcamp, we just don't find the commerciality to be as competitive in the Wolfcamp as we do in the Bone Spring and the Leonard.
David A. Hager - Devon Energy Corp.: But that cycles back to the comment I started to make earlier, just how many different zones that we have here in the Delaware Basin as well as in the STACK play. And what we're trying to do is, get an idea of what the productivity is of each of these zones, what is the optimum spacing in each of these zones, and we're being very thoughtful about our approach to this so that we are fully developing the resource and the value associated with these versus the alternative of just drilling very quickly in one zone and four wells per section or some fairly broad spacing and essentially sub-optimally developing the entire inventory that we have. We're not doing that. We are being very thoughtful, very careful., because we are sitting on truly world-class resources here in the hearts of some of the best plays and we want to generate as much value as we can long-term from these resources.
Tony D. Vaughn - Devon Energy Corp.: Got just one thing to quickly add to that, Dave. We talked to you in the past about the tension and the drive for technical excellence and that has been translated into public data that I think all of you have access to. If you go look at IHS reported information, quarter-to-quarter we've talked about the 90-day IPs that we're generating on our inventory. It continues to improve and out-compete all of our peer group. If you look at the trend over the last four years, we've gone from kind of a mid-pack performer to 2015 we're number one in terms of 90-day IPs. And that's a combination of the great portfolio that Dave just mentioned, but it's also attributed to the competency of our technical team that we're extremely proud of those results.
Howard J. Thill - Devon Energy Corp.: We are now at the top of the hour, and while we didn't get to every caller, and we apologize for that, we are going to bid you a good day. We thank you for your interest in Devon and all the good questions. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to follow-up with one of us in Investor Relations. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard J. Thill - Senior Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David William Kistler - Simmons & Company International John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc. David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jeff Healy - American International Group, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard J. Thill - Senior Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you, Stephen, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to the call as well. Today's call is going to consist largely of Q&A, so I hope everyone has had a chance to review our fourth quarter and full-year earnings release that also includes our forward-looking guidance as well as our detailed operations report. Also on the call today are: Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Executive Vice President of E&P; Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Finally, I'll remind you that comments and answers to questions on the call will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates, which are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities laws. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results might differ materially. For a review of risk factors relating to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone. As we all know, 2015 provided an extremely challenging business environment for our industry. We responded during the year by proactively taking steps to align our business with these conditions by reducing field-level costs by $400 million, delivering efficiencies and cost savings and reduce capital requirements by $500 million, and we attained significant productivity gains and improved type curves and IP rates across all our core plays. As we look to 2016, our top priority in this environment is to protect the balance sheet by balancing spending requirements with available cash flow. We also see no reason to accelerate production growth into these weak markets, which has led us to take aggressive measures to reduce our capital investment by 75% year over year. We also have plans in place to preserve more than $1 billion of cash flow on a go-forward basis through a number of initiatives, including incremental field-level cost savings, a reduction of our workforce by about 1,000 people, and by adjusting the dividend rate to preserve over $300 million of cash flow. In an effort to further strengthen our balance sheet, we also have non-core divestitures underway, with the intent to monetize $2 billion to $3 billion of assets during 2016. As I've said many times, Devon is in the advantageous position of having no long-cycle projects, minimal long-term contracts, and nearly all of our acreage is held by production. These favorable attributes allow us to prudently adjust our 2016 capital program to balance cash flows and to protect our balance sheet. But it also gives us the ability to ramp up development activity when commodity prices rebound and to see a quick production response to that ramp when it happens. Our capital program in 2016 is designed to maximize cash flow and operational continuity, with activity directed toward the lowest risk and highest impact opportunities in each of Devon's core areas. This disciplined capital program is expected to maintain relatively flat oil production from Devon's core assets compared to 2015, and we are projecting only a 10% oil decline from Q4 2015 to Q4 2016. This production resiliency is a testament to the quality of our go-forward assets. Overall top line production in 2016 from core assets is expected to decline by 6%, driven by lower gas volumes. The efficiency of our 2016 budget is also highlighted by our ability to fund our capital program at today's strip pricing within operational cash flow, EnLink distributions, and expected Access Pipeline proceeds. Once again, we have the flexibility to ramp up spending or to make additional cuts to our spending plans depending upon how commodity prices trend going forward. As I mentioned earlier, in addition to balancing near-term spending with cash inflows, we are also working to improve our financial position through the monetization of $2 billion to $3 billion of assets. We are in the latter stages of discussions for the sale of our 50% interest in Access Pipeline, and expect that transaction to occur in the first half of the year, potentially the first quarter. We are also in the process of opening a data room for the sale of up to 80,000 BOE per day of non-core upstream assets in the U.S. The properties up for sale include 15,000 net undeveloped acres in Martin County, Texas and producing assets in the Southern Midland Wolfcamp, Carthage, Granite Wash, and Mississippian Lime plays. We have had direct contact from potential buyers ranging from majors to well-capitalized peers to private equity firms. We believe these assets are substantially higher quality than those being considered for divestment by others and are in the market quicker. This gives us a competitive edge. Conversations thus far have been encouraging, and we have confidence in our ability to attractively sell these assets throughout 2016 and use the upstream asset sale proceeds for debt retirements. Looking at our financial flexibility longer term, if commodity prices remain low, Devon has significant balance sheet strength to withstand an extended downturn. Pro forma for the Felix acquisition, which closed in early January, we had $3.9 billion of liquidity at year end, consisting of $1.5 billion of cash and $2.4 billion of capacity on our senior credit facility. Importantly, this credit facility does not mature until the end of 2019 and contains only one material financial covenant, a debt-to-capitalization ratio below 65%. At year end this ratio was only 24%. In addition to our strong liquidity, we've done a good job managing our upcoming debt maturities, with no significant debt coming due until December 2018. Bottom line, our advantaged capital structure provides us a significant amount of financial strength and flexibility. So in summary, I hope you come away with three important messages today. First, we are committed to living within cash flows in 2016. To do so, we have taken aggressive measures to preserve more than $1 billion of cash flow through operating cost and dividend reductions. Second, we have the financial strength to withstand an extended downturn, and we're looking to further bolster our investment-grade balance sheet with ongoing asset divestiture programs. And lastly, the quality, depth, and diversification of our go-forward asset base is unmatched. Devon has exposure to some of the best short-cycle projects in the world. We are well positioned to accelerate activity when the markets reward growth again. With that, I will turn the call back to Howard for Q&A.
Howard J. Thill - Senior Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations: Thanks, Dave. We're going to have a lot of calls today and a lot of questions on today's call, I'm sure. So to make sure that we get to as many questions on the call as possible, as usual, I'll ask you to limit yourself to one question within an associated follow-up, and you can reprompt to ask additional questions if time permits. So, Stephen, with that, we'll take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you and good morning, everybody. Dave, I appreciate the clarification on the asset sales process, but I wonder if you can just give us a little bit more color on your expected timing and perhaps the associated cash flow that goes along with that $2 billion to $3 billion of proceeds. I don't want to risk my follow-up here, but just for clarification, is Access still in that $2 billion to $3 billion, or is that additive to the $2 billion to $3 billion? I do have a quick follow-up, please.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Doug. Good morning. Yes, we do include Access in the $2 billion to $3 billion, although there's obviously flexibility around that. And we aren't trying to predict the market, but we did make that assumption that it's in there. But it could actually even be higher depending on how everything goes. I think there's really a misperception in the market about the quality of these assets, to be quite honest with everybody. These are very high-quality assets. You may remember that we did a non-core divestiture program about a year and a half ago after we acquired GeoSouthern, and that was really what we would consider assets that were towards the bottom of our barrel I'd say as far as asset quality. These are high-quality assets. And the feedback that we have received from the market thus far is very positive regarding the quality of these assets and the ability to transact these assets at the prices that we have assumed here. We are opening data rooms starting next week. And then soon after that, we anticipate that we'd be receiving bids here during the first half of the year and closing on these throughout the year. I'm going to turn over to Tom Mitchell, who's going to comment a little bit about the cash flow side.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We haven't given out, Doug, a specific cash flow number. We've talked about 80,000 barrels a day. About 23% of that is oil. And I just want to emphasize what Dave said that we've had a number of discussions with parties. The interest in it is extremely robust, more than you would expect. It does lean closer to the private equity side from an interest level, but that's something that we had expected when we went out with the package. We're moving very quickly to try to get ahead of what we think may be further asset sales by other peers, and we're on that timeline right now going out here to open data rooms and move aggressively in early March. So we're well positioned and it's a great package, and that's the feedback we're getting from the potential buyers. But on a scale basis, they're not seeing anything like this in the market, and on a quality basis they're not seeing anything like this in the market. And that's what gives us the confidence both that we'll get it done and within the ranges that we've talked about.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that, fellows. My follow-up is really on the guidance for 2016, specifically in Canada and the oil sands. Based on the differentials that you appear to be assuming and the operating costs, it looks like there's a real chance that some of those oil sands projects could be negative cash flow. I'm just wondering if that's the right interpretation and how you plan to manage through that in terms of maintaining production if oil prices remain depressed. And I'll leave it there, thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm going expand your question just a little bit, Doug. We think we have a great benefit here at Devon, as I've been saying. We are just short-term project oriented. We do not have to continue investment into longer-term projects that no longer make economic sense such as in the deepwater, LNG projects, anything like that. So we have the ability to flex our capital down, and we have the ability to flex our capital back up very quickly. We have maintained – despite the employee reduction we're going through right now, it's very important to us to maintain the organizational capacity to flex our program back up should we see encouragement in prices. We just don't think it makes a lot of sense to accelerate production into a $30 oil and $2 gas price environment currently. But if we see some encouragement, we have the organizational capacity. We'll have the service companies lined up where we can quickly accelerate this, and then there would be a commensurate adjustment in our production guidance. We have extremely high-quality projects. There's no question about that. We're just showing financial – the appropriate financial behavior here given where prices are currently. Now, I'll let Tony talk to you a little bit more about the oil sands and where that stands and where we stand on opportunities in the U.S. on the oil side too.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Okay. Thanks, Dave. And, Doug, just going back to your question about Canada, on the co-flow side of the business at our Bonnyville location, we've got a lot of flexibility there. So we evaluate all those wells, and we're capable of shutting in those wells when they become uneconomic on a well-by-well basis without any concern about the degradation and ultimate recoveries. When you get into the SAGD [Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage] portion of the inventory there, we think we have the top-tier asset in the play. And we would probably be the last company to have the stress on us from a profitability or immediate cash flow projections. If you look at our capital demands for 2016, it's minor. It's minor in 2016, so we've got a lot of flexibility. There may be month-to-month that we have a neutral cash flow in the SAGD operation. But again, we probably have the best project there. I guess when I go back and start looking at our ability to grow oil, we've got the most flexibility and more immediate impact will be on the U.S. side of the business. There we've got the best inventory or access to the best inventory in the Delaware Basin and STACK and the Eagle Ford. So we're ready to ramp up. We've got a deep inventory. We have all the permitting and required work done ready for that ramp-up. So as soon as we generate additional cash flow in the company, we'll be back to work and we'll be growing that oil base.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the clear answer, guys. Thank you very much.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Dave, I think you alluded to this, and I apologize if I missed it. But can you be a little bit more specific about what kind of oil and/or natural gas prices would incentivize you to pick up activity in the back half of 2016, assuming all these asset sales get done, and maybe offer an opinion on which plays or which areas you'd be most likely to accelerate?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Charles, we are currently looking at an anticipated cash flow neutral budget at strip pricing from our operational cash flow, the EnLink distributions plus anticipated Access Pipeline proceeds, which by the way, we still have a high degree of confidence we are going to execute on. That has not changed. So at strip pricing, we'd be cash flow neutral. If we see prices – if we see the strip moving up, and we have confidence it is going to continue to move up, that's when we would consider increasing activity. And again, all of our projects are short-term, so we can ramp back up very, very quickly. You saw that we ramped down quickly. We can ramp back up just as quickly. There is no issue there. We just feel that we are being prudent given the current commodity price environment. And where would we ramp up? Tony I think answered it. There are three areas that really have strong economics for us. Those are the Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin and in the STACK play, and we'd be looking at all three of those plays to see where we'd put the rigs. But they all would have fairly similar economics and strong economics.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it, that's helpful, Dave. And then that's a good segue also to the next question I was going to ask, which is about the big improvement in the STACK results you had that you released this quarter. I think I asked a similar question last quarter about what was driving the variance in well results across that position. And maybe now I would ask that question again, but also ask you what's driving that improvement over time as well?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Tony take that, but I'd just say we think this combined, we said it last quarter. We're in the best part of the STACK. We're in the heart just like we are in the Eagle Ford with our position we acquired there. We're in a volatile oil window, plus we have multiple pays, and we're moving through the appraisal process right now. And we knew it was going to get better, and frankly it's getting better. It's going to keep getting better. We've got the best inventory in the industry right now. But I'll let Tony go through the details on that.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Charles, you're right. If you look at our operating report, we commented on about 12 Devon wells that we brought on in the Meramec and another eight that were brought – or another four that were brought on in the Felix position. All of those really were above our type curve. In fact, on the majority of those wells that we continued the Felix operations, the wells were not only high rate but they were also about 60% oil. So it was above our overall modeling that we had done previously. I think the work that we're continuing is really a follow-up to the good work that the Felix team was doing. They have really focused on the optimal landing zone in each of these Meramec intervals, a lot of detail and concern about maintaining the largest amount of footage drilled in the Polasti (19:46) interval there. We continue to advance the completion designs. We're pumping about 2,500 to 2,700 pounds per lateral foot, so we're loading these completions up with a lot of sand. We're using – the majority of our fluid is a slickwater-based fluid with some crosslinked gel in that. So we're experimenting with the fluid type there. So I think all that combined is just leading to improved completions well to well. And I think we commented the last time we were on a call with you that really the outstanding thing that we really like about the STACK play is really the volatility of the results is very narrow for a very young play like we have at STACK. So we're very optimistic and we're ready for an increased run rate, increased activity level there when the opportunity arises.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thanks, Tony. I have the same recollection; and congratulations on your new position.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, gentlemen. Tom, I wanted to start with you. Obviously, Devon has taken some aggressive action on the cost front and CapEx front. I was wondering if you could comment on any discussions you've had with the rating agencies and your confidence about maintaining Devon's historical investment-grade credit rating.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Arun. Thanks for the question. Obviously at the end of the year you go before the agencies to give them your year-end results and talk about the reserve profile within the company. So we've been through that exercise with all of them. You've seen the results of that, so let me start with that. So S&P has taken us to BBB and a stable position. And we've got Fitch having concluded their rating, currently at BBB+ and also stable. So we've got two solid investment-grade positions there, which pretty much assures us as an investment-grade company. Moody's is a different story. I think you're aware of that as well as others listening that they're debating what they're going to do. There are a lot of moving parts there. And quite frankly, it's hard for us, or I think anybody at this point in time, to tell exactly what they are going to do with this group. They've already made the decision on the non-investment-grade group, which resulted in multiple-notch downgrades. They've taken a very low price deck view of not really rating through the cycle but rating closer to the bottom of the cycle. And they're shifting how they're thinking about investment-grade. So on a historic model, I feel pretty comfortable that we would be okay. It's just very difficult at this point in time to tell exactly how they're going to recalibrate what they consider to be investment-grade. And that decision-making process is in is in play as we speak and probably concluding before the end of the month. So I wish I could give you a more firm answer on that. I think the decisions that we've taken here, while they were really primarily targeted at the business, not the rating agencies, are also credit enhancing and should be confidence inspiring to the agencies. And that's the best we think we can do is to really focus on the business and let the rating agency portion fall where it falls, given of course the fact that we want to continue to maintain our strength in investment-grade and position ourselves as best as possible.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. My follow-up is just really regarding the Q4, if you guys could comment a little bit on the Q4 2016 exit rate. Just going through the math, it would suggest U.S. volumes down in the low 90,000 barrels per day on the oil side. I was wondering if you could comment if you agree with that in terms of the exit rate given lower CapEx. And just talk about – that would imply quite a bit of loss in operating momentum into 2017. How quickly do you think that – if you got a price signal, could you regain that operating momentum?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Arun, what I'm trying to emphasize to everybody here is that we are probably uniquely positioned with the ability – with the fact that all of our projects are short cycle time projects. They're all well oriented projects. We don't have any long-term projects within the company. And so that gives us tremendous flexibility to decrease our capital, such as we've done just now when we're in a very low commodity price environment, and the ability to ramp up capital spending and see commensurate results on the production side should we get some encouragement. So we can make immediate decisions around ramping production back up. We have the projects ready. We have the permits ready. All we have to do – we have the wells designed. All we have to do is hire the rigs and drill the wells, and then you'll see production impact anywhere from – some will be completed immediately. Some are pad drilling and may take up to six months or so to see the production impact from those, but you start seeing response from higher capital spend very, very quickly for us. Tony might even be able to fill you in with a little bit more details on that than what I just said, Arun.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Arun, when we look at – when we do our forecasting work for the year, we're confident in the ability to forecast most of our properties. What I would comment on is the Eagle Ford has got – the wells have such a high productivity index. The wells have such a high productivity index there's a little bit more range of error included in that forecast. And as you know, the amount of – or the pace of our activities is being modified as we go through the year. So that one property alone is the one that can drive an outperformance compared to how we had forecast. I'd also like to point out that we know with a limited capital program we're completely focused on the base management of our business. And we've talked about it over the course of the last 18 months that we've transformed our capabilities internally here. I think you're starting to see a lot of the results from that in public data. We have the highest 90-day Junes (27:00) in each of the four basins that we're driving capital towards. So we're pretty confident that we'll outperform. I think you saw that quarter to quarter over the last six or eight quarters from us. A lot of that's going be driven just by the management of our base. And so we've got – personally I've got a lot of confidence that we'll beat the curve that you're describing.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'd just suggest real quickly is that the guidance if I were to summarize the comments, maybe a glass half empty in terms of well productivity – maybe provide a little upside if you perform better than that in terms of – you highlighted the Eagle Ford.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I think that's correct. I think, Arun, as we continue to see results in the STACK play, we've commented about the type curve there. We're already at that type curve. And so we'll continue to modify that as results continue to improve. So I think there are going be positives to the forecast.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right, thank you.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Arun.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Subash Chandra with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. My question is I guess the roadmap for asset sales and use of proceeds. You talked about paying debt down. If I think of hypothetically $2 billion to $3 billion, how do you think of how that would be deployed? Would it be 100% for debt reduction? I presume bank debt and near-term maturities, or is there some of it that you might reconsider for the drill bit?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Subash. This is Tom. What we've said to you guys is that the Access proceeds would be to fill the funding gap in the capital program this year. And that the proceeds from asset divestitures, the sale of our producing properties will be targeted for debt repayment. So how we mechanically go about that debt repayment, we're still debating how exactly to go about that. Our bonds on the long end of the curve are trading well below par, so you actually get a big bang for the buck if that holds and you're able to redeploy the capital from the divestiture into those bonds. Whether we to that immediately or not is yet to be determined. This is a pretty volatile environment, but that's the target right now. So you'd have Access wherever it comes out filling the funding gap, and then the rest of it for debt repayment.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thanks for that clarification. And then I guess secondly, is there a way – you mentioned that you want to preserve your optionality so you're organizationally capable of high levels of activity. Is there a way to put a rig number to it on what you think the peak rig count you can do after this resizing?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Subash, I think it's going be driven by our cash flow opportunities that we generate here in the company. We've got the capabilities internally to ramp quickly back up to a 20-rig program if we had the business environment to do that. So we really are not inhibited by the ability to execute. We think we have the permits in place in the core – or the core of each of our four areas. So it's really going be predicated on how we generate cash flow for the year.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Subash, that is a 20-rig operated program, not including the Eagle Ford where BHP operates that activity. And also we do a lot of activity 50:50 with Cimarex up in STACK play. And so those rigs would be in addition to the 20-rig program that obviously we can manage.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right. Right, so that could be 25 to 30 rigs. Okay, thank you very much.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Subash.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning and thanks for all the color in the ops report, but I'll probably have to stick with balance sheet questions. A downside and upside case, folks are worried about recession. You've highlighted the quality of the assets that you're selling this morning. But say for example the strip price even rolls into 2017 because of some economic weakness. What would be the game plan to manage the downside? Then I've got an upside question to follow.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ed. First off, we've already taken a lot of steps obviously to reduce our operating and G&A costs by around $800 million. The dividend payments, we've reduced those significantly by around $320 million, adjusted our capital program. We have the asset sales going on. So we think we're in a good position even if the strip or slightly lower does come in, in 2017. We would obviously be looking in 2017 at all available options that we have to us as a company, just as we did coming into 2016. Could they be – is there availability for further reductions on operating expense and G&A? We could review the dividend policy, equity offerings, asset sales. We have a lot of bullets in our gun, I guess you'd say, that we can fire here in order to really maintain our financial strength during these challenging economic times, and we just evaluate each of those and see which makes the most sense.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So I hear that you would be willing to sell perhaps even some of the I guess Tier 1 acreage if you had to if say oil stayed low for two years.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We would certainly consider that. I'm not saying we are going to do that, but we would certainly – our focus of probably – we'd have to make a decision whether it makes more sense to look at the oil side, or we also have some very large gas assets sitting out there, so we'd have to look at that as well. So I'm not going to say we would do one or the other. There are no sacred cows around here, and we would certainly evaluate all the available options and see which we think generates the greatest value for the shareholders. We obviously have to be mindful of the cash flow that's generated by these, and we would do all the appropriate analysis when making our decision. We'd look at all available options to see how we can best handle that, should that situation occur.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then on the upside case, say oil does recover to some mid-cycle pricing. I appreciate everyone would have a different view of what that is. You seem like you're resource-rich, and the access to liquidity is probably constraining what you could do in terms of activity. So some other companies have been relatively successful in viewing themselves as startups and issuing equity for growth capital. Is that something on the upside case that you would consider?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, I hate to rule anything in or out. But if we get a price recovery to more like a mid-cycle case above the current strip, then we would have incremental cash flow available to reinvest back into the capital program. And I think that's the first place we'd look for our funding is just for the incremental available cash flow from higher prices.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): You have to use cash from opposite the first accelerated driver.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Kistler with Simmons & Company. Your line is open.
David William Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, guys.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Dave.
David William Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Following up a little bit on the 2016 and even some comments towards what 2017 might look like, maybe to frame that up, could you mind sharing, as you talked about managing base decline, where base decline was in 2015, and where you project it to be in 2016? Kind of helps give us an indication maybe to where 2017 would shake out.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Our overall base decline has really been running about – roughly about 20% for the company. On the gas side, especially in North Texas, the technical team and the operating group in North Texas have done an outstanding job to minimize the decline using plunger lifts and line pressure reductions. They managed to arrest that decline, and it's been running about 11% per year. Our oil decline, because it's fairly new investments, it's much greater and it tends to be over 30%. So on a combined basis it's still around 20% year over year, and I wouldn't expect that to change going into 2016. I think we still have a high degree of focus on our base business. We're continuing to improve our artificial lift operations. Our downtime is continuing to be minimized and improved as we go through our work; so high optimism that we'll continue to have wins on our large base business.
David William Kistler - Simmons & Company International: I appreciate that. And then just one – thinking about activity in the Delaware right now, on the last call you talked a little bit about the BLM and permitting process there can be a little bit challenging. But obviously reduced activity I would assume puts you in a better position there. I'm just trying to get color on your thoughts there, and does that fit part and parcel with being able to accelerate there as you're able to maybe permit more ahead of a potential ramp up?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I think, Dave, just as you mentioned, our activity is down in comparison to where it was a year or two years ago. So the permitting requirements are not near as onerous on us as they have been. That really hadn't stopped our desire to have a great working relationship with the BLM, especially in southeast New Mexico. That relationship is extremely high. We just entered into the ability to work with that office there under a master agreement type concept, which we believe we'll be able to communicate more of a full development plan with them and get all the right-of-way permitting done collectively. It won't include the individual APDs for the wells that we'll propose. We'll have to come back and follow up with that. But it will greatly accelerate our ability to ramp back up. So we're continuing that relationship, and we're confident that we can have those wins that we've had in southeast New Mexico and take those to Wyoming and be able to ramp back up in the Powder River Basin in that asset as well.
David William Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Okay, I appreciate that incremental color. Thanks, guys.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dave.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Société Générale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Hi, guys.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: I've got a question for you on MLPs and EnLink, Dave. Some of the more leveraged E&Ps are roiling the MLP market as folks are worried about transportation, contract changes, things like that. How do you view EnLink? Has your perception or has your strategy changed at all with it because it seems like you're getting penalized for the carnage to the MLP market?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, John. Our strategy has not changed at all with regard to EnLink. We think that we have a great relationship with them. They provide outstanding service to us. We also like the fact that we are aligned with them in our new acreage in the STACK play that we acquired from Felix, with them acquiring the Tall Oak assets. That gives us great confidence as we put capital against that program that we're going to have outstanding service to get those wells hooked up in a timely manner. And so our strategy really has not changed in regard to that. We certainly believe that the agreements we have with them are important and the volume commitments and the rates that we agreed – the tariffs we've agreed to pay are bound by contract, and we plan to live up to those agreements. So there's really no change that's been in our relationship and our feeling about them from a long-term strategic value. Now having said that, we obviously look at everything in our portfolio. And so if there is a reason why that should change, again, we like it long term. We will never rule any asset or anything as an absolute sacred cow where we don't look at the best business decision if we should go another direction. But right now, we don't see a reason to go another direction with the EnLink relationship.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Dave. One last one for me, you mentioned tighter spacing in your ops report in the Bone Spring and the Leonard. Is that going to be the future from a development perspective there, that you'll be doing tighter horizontal well spacing?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yes, John, this is Tony. I think you're right about that. We're actually having a lot of encouraging results right now on our downspacing pilots, especially in the areas that have original reservoir pressure. So if you look – we historically have landed the Second Bone Springs in the lower section of that package. And then we've staggered some what we call A-sand wells in above that and are seeing very encouraging results. It's early on the areas that have partial depletion. We would expect a little bit less ability to downspace, but the data is still coming in, and we'll understand that better as we go through 2016. And of course, all this is really tied to oil price. And so there will be a direct relationship to spacing for all of us and the business environment as we go forward.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Going back to the balance sheet, what are the metrics that you regard as most important for Devon? And will the asset sales and the dividend cut get you to where you want to be from a leverage perspective? Or per some of the earlier questions, are you considering more actions in your base case scenario as opposed to a downside scenario?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Brian. This is Tom. I think the asset sales go a long ways towards getting us where we want to be. And if you're on historical metrics, I think that pretty much works, and that's what you're seeing from S&P and Fitch. Now like I said earlier in my previous comments, it's just really hard to tell where Moody's is going to shake out. So we're leaning really more on a historical view of what those metrics have been, which is not just cash flow metrics. It also involves a fairly healthy component of size and scale. But on Moody's, it's just extremely difficult at this point to answer your question.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. So the underlying then goal here is investment-grade credit ratings from all three ratings agencies. Whatever metrics they look at would be what you would want to gear the strategy towards.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We maintain investment-grade status with just two rating agencies. So we really – regardless of what Moody's does, we stay in the investment-grade indexes. So while we'd like that, it doesn't damage our investment-grade status if they were to drop us below.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then my follow-up is with regards to the – staying within cash flow. If and when oil prices do improve, should we just expect a straight CapEx equals cash flow type strategy? And how does the EnLink business apply here? If there's outspending, including the impact of distributions on a consolidated basis, at the EnLink level, does that weigh in your decision, or is it solely Devon and Devon only?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's essentially Devon and Devon only on that, Brian. And I think that would be the first thing I would say is to look at just a straight how much incremental cash flow we would have and putting that to work back into E&P capital. That's a good first proxy. Obviously, we would look at longer term what we think prices are going do. And if we have even greater confidence they're going to be moving up significantly in the future, we might be willing to ramp up even a little bit more than that. Conversely, if we think it's a temporary phenomenon, we may ramp up a little bit less. But I think that's a first good proxy of how to think about it.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, question on the Access Pipeline sale. Your partner in the pipeline has made some noise about potentially selling their stake as well. Does that help your process, does it hinder it, or is it a push?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's really independent of that, Bob. We each have our own processes going on for that. Frankly, we think we're probably a little more advanced in our stage of the process than our partner is in looking at their 50%. But it's really two independent processes at this point. And like I said, we remain very confident that we are going to be able to transact on that sometime in the first half of the year. It could potentially be as early as the first quarter, but no guarantees on that.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. And to follow up, in terms of the price you might get for that asset, can we use the capital you've put into that asset as a decent proxy, or would we be far off if we did that?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: You wouldn't be too far off with that probably.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Hey, Tom. Actually you're in a pretty unique position where you can maintain investment-grade, so you can talk pretty openly about some of the concerns for investors around what happens to an E&P company when you lose investment-grade. What are the steps that goes on in thinking about your credit facility being secured, hedging facility, any firm transportation changes? I just would be curious about your perspective.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Let me just emphasize again so people are clear. Nothing would happen to us with a Moody's shift. And even if we had a bad result from another rating agency, our liquidity position is solid and doesn't change at all. So there's nothing in our revolving capacity, our debt, our bank debt capacity that changes in that circumstance. Those covenants remain the same. Nothing gets triggered. There's nothing in our public debt or our indentures that would occur if that is the case. I think the real impact to those that this occurs to would just be access to the capital markets and primarily at cost. You'd be dealing with higher costs as you tap the markets. Our revolver has got a lot of term left on it. You're out into 2019 before that term is up. So a lot is going to happen between now and that point in time. Those who have to renegotiate now are going be dealing with a totally different environment. And I think the uncertainty that you're seeing out of the agencies on how they approach this is going to reach into those types of negotiations. You'll have people who have got near-term debt concerns just dealing with an uncertain bank market and an uncertain capital market. The bondholders that I've spoken to are equally confused by this and don't know necessarily how exactly it's going to shake out. Some of them are – we don't think in our portfolio of debt holders that there's a lot that would be dependent on Moody's, but there potentially could be some selling of bonds for those investors who require a Moody's and an S&P rating both to hold debt, so that could also be another impact. But just to reemphasize for Devon, Devon really nothing would have – if we were taken fully non-investment-grade, which is not going to happen, there would be no change in our debt picture.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: And nothing on the commercial paper side either?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Your commercial paper program, your access to it, and people's ability to trade in that is going be weakened if you've got somebody that goes to non-investment-grade. It's not taken away for us. That really just amounts to a cost of debt, not an access issue.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: I think it's more critical for companies with international assets and bigger projects, so that's helpful. On the other side, just cash flow neutral, does that include EnLink distributions? I just want to make sure I'm getting that correct.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it does, David.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay, that was it. Thank you, guys.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, David.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phillips Johnston with Capital One. Your line is open.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks, just a quick housekeeping question on Jackfish. The ops report shows that unit LOE was below $10 in fourth quarter. Just wondering if you could tell us what the total operating cash cost was in the fourth quarter, including the blend cost, and maybe where cash costs are running today given the recent weakness in the Canadian currency. Thanks.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: It's about $7.00 for the blend costs, Phillips.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. Has the total cash cost come down since then, I guess with the weakness in the Canadian currency?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Come down since – it's trading today at about where it was trading through the fourth quarter. It's around $0.72.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Where the exchange rate is, so it hasn't weakened further. It weakened throughout the year and gave us a significant uplift on the reduction in costs that you saw, but it hasn't continued to weaken in the first part of this year.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, a couple questions. If I just think – and I'm thinking about what I've seen you do in the Meramec as far as well costs, the Eagle Ford, et cetera, I guess a two-part question. One would be how much more room – let's just assume service costs and the forward strip stays where it's at right now. How much more room do you have as far as cost reductions available in the next two to three quarters? How much more downside do you see there? And then the second piece would just be, you talked about your core assets and them all being economic today. Philosophically, how do you guys think ability the big picture, the U.S. and crude prices? I'm just trying to chase that marginal cost type number.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Dave, let me start on the operating side a bit. We would estimate that the 2016 costs in comparison to 2015 might be down another 4%, and it varies by category of course. We still think there are operating efficiency gains that we will have. As you roll back about 12 months ago, we saw – early in the year we saw a nice improvement in the service provider de-escalation component. But in the second half of the year, we saw great efficiency gains with just optimizing all of our well construction designs, optimizing the execution of our wells. We had very little trouble time. All that has accelerated our time to TD. We're getting better wells completed because of the focus on that detail, so we'll continue that. And historically, we've always seen somewhere between a zero and 10% efficiency gain, and I wouldn't expect anything different than that by the time we get to the end of 2016.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: David, just to expand a little bit on your question, we have certainly seen third-party studies that show that our acreage in the Eagle Ford in DeWitt County is probably the most economic acreage in the Eagle Ford, and I think it competes well with any play in onshore North America. I can also tell you that we see very similar economics to DeWitt County in the heart of our plays in the Delaware Basin and in the STACK play. So we think that we have certainly three of the plays in our portfolio that position us with the most economic opportunities that you might find in onshore North America. And so it's not a question of the strength of the portfolio at this point. It's a question of how much capital are we going to put against that strong portfolio. I just want to emphasize one last time. We've taken capital down significantly, and we understand that. It's because we had the flexibility to do that in this current $30 oil and $2 gas price environment. But we have the ability to ramp that capital back up just as quickly and bring production back just as quickly should we see encouragement on the commodity price environment. So we said the first priority right now is balance sheet. That's what we're doing, but we have the ability to ramp it right back up and get back in the game.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: David, I'd draw your attention back to the operating report on page 12. You can just look at our Cana results and the Woodford, and you'll see that we've dropped our time to TD from 40 to 20 days, so we've actually decreased the drill time in half. And after 800 wells, as we've talked about our continuous improvement on the completion side, after 800 wells being drilled and completed, we're still seeing the highest IPs of the history of the Cana-Woodford work.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, thanks. I appreciate that.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Payne with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I think we've worn out the rating agency discussion, but I also wanted to just ask you just a simple question. Are they looking at your metrics excluding EnLink or inclusive of them? Thank you.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Ross, it's Tom again. It depends on which one you're dealing with. For the most part, they include it, but they include it in different ways. It's really included on a – even though this is non-recourse debt to Devon, Moody's for instance looks at it as a too-big-to-fail type situation where you would come in and support the credit in the event there were issues. So that's largely how they look at it. S&P takes them down one notch from where we are and looks at it a little bit differently.
Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Wolff with Jefferies. Jon Wolff, your line is open.
Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Looking at the $2.4 billion available of liquidity on the unsecured credit facility, it had been $3 billion prior. I was wondering if something was drawn, maybe commercial paper termination, or was it related to the facility being reduced? That's question number one.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: There are a lot of moving parts going through the end of the year to make payments on Felix. So the only change from our $3 billion capacity is that we paid down about $300 million of commercial paper. So that's the only thing. So net-net, your net available liquidity is pretty much close to what you saw in the ops report.
Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Just shy of $4 billion.
Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC: Got it. So would you say you're still active in the commercial paper market, overnight market?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: There has been no – it's a little bit more costly, but that's pretty much the case for anybody that's playing the CP market. Our access and our ability to deal with the CP market is unchanged at this point.
Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC: Got it. And then I was a little confused on the mechanics on the rating agencies. Obviously, your investment-grade rating was affirmed by S&P. I guess everyone is waiting on Moody's, and I don't see a Fitch opinion since October. So is it two out of three, or is it either Moody's or S&P that creates the mechanics of...
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Fitch left – and these are conversations between Devon and Fitch. Fitch left our rating at that level. They're not reviewing it currently, so it stands as is and it's not up for review.
Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC: Got it.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: What they've indicated for the whole group is that they would come out before the end of the month. Exactly when that occurs, it's hard for me to tell you. I think they had one or two more large investment-grade parties that were coming before them here in and around this timeframe right now, and then when they go out will be shortly after that, likely.
Jonathan D. Wolff - Jefferies LLC: Super helpful, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everyone. It's notable that you've been confident about your asset sales program. Could you just reiterate that because it is so important for this year and we've been hearing quite negative things about the asset market? Thank you.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll reiterate it. We all feel extremely confident that these assets, from all we understand, are higher quality assets than anyone else has put on the market, including some of those that have recently transacted. And we also feel that there may be other companies that may be coming out with assets later in the year, but we're beating them to the market. So, from all the feedback we get, is that our expectations are very realistic for the timing and for the magnitude of proceeds that we can expect to receive from these assets. We have had significant contact with potential purchasers, even before we get the data rooms out there. As Tom said, it ranges from majors to some well-capitalized independents to a lot of interest from private equity, and they're frankly people who have become comfortable with this price environment and want to make an entry at this point. And the high quality of these assets frankly can be a company-maker type opportunity for some smaller companies. And that's what some of these people are looking at, frankly, is they can start a whole company around one or more of these assets and have a very bright future. So you never know for sure obviously until you transact, but all the feedback we have gives us tremendous confidence that we're well positioned from a timing standpoint on this and with the quality standpoint to make this happen.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That is firmly stated. Thank you very much.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Healy from AIG. Your line is open.
Jeff Healy - American International Group, Inc.: Hi, guys. I just want to follow up again on the more balance sheet focus. It looks like in the Devon transaction slide you guys had out that you were going to issue $1.35 billion of equity. I guess I wanted to check to see if that's still the intent. And if the asset sales don't emerge that you think will be able to happen in 2016 maybe look to do more equity to help shore up your balance sheet?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We've already issued the equity associated with those transactions, the $1.35 billion. Tom can give you the exact numbers, but they were issued I think a little over $44 for the Felix side and a little over $40 – $41 I think on the Powder River Basin asset. So obviously we had a nice-looking price compared to today. As far as additional equity beyond that, we are focused on our cost reductions. We're focused on the asset sales, on the dividend reduction. I'm not going take anything off the table as far as a possibility, but we think we've taken some very significant steps to really increase the financial strength of the company with the actions we talked about today.
Jeff Healy - American International Group, Inc.: Got it. Maybe just to follow up then, if we say that Moody's has moved the goal posts and doing their own thing, would you be willing to issue equity to preserve investment-grade if necessary at the other two agencies?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: As Tom said, we have had our ratings at S&P. We were downgraded one but pretty stable. At Fitch, we're not up for review right now, and we're still at the previous rating there. So we are already – two of the three we already have investment-grade. As Tom also alluded to, the fact that it really doesn't change our business model significantly if we were non-investment-grade. So we are going to do the right decisions for the business, period. We can't just chase investment-grade rating certainly with Moody's when we're uncertain what the criteria are that they're going to use. And so we're going to focus less on that and make sure that we make the right decisions for the business overall, for our shareholders, and for our bondholders.
Jeff Healy - American International Group, Inc.: Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks a lot
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenter.
Howard J. Thill - Senior Vice President, Communications & Investor Relations: Okay, we appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. We wish you a good day and please let us know if you have any further questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Peter Francis Freeman Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy Q3 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you, Tiffany, and I'd like to wish everyone good morning as well and welcome to our quarterly conference call. As has become our custom, today's call will largely consist of Q&A, so I hope you've had a chance to look through the third quarter earnings release, including the forward-looking guidance, as well as our detailed ops report. Also on the call today are Dave Hager, President and CEO, Tony Vaughn, Executive Vice President of E&P, Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and a few other members of our senior management team. Finally, I'll remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates, which are forward-looking statements and under U.S. securities law. Those comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results might differ materially. For a review of risk factors relating to these statements, please see our 2014 Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Q filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Hager.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone. In the third quarter, Devon continued its trend of outperforming expectations and delivered another excellent performance. Our strategy of operating in North America's best resource plays coupled with a focus on best-in-class execution is generating top-tier results in each of those basins. In our U.S. resource plays, where the majority of capital is being deployed, well performance has consistently exceeded type curve expectations and peer results through higher production rates, lower capital costs, and reduced operating expenses. This operational momentum combined with a strong balance sheet and excellent liquidity positions us as well as anyone to manage through the current industry conditions. These strong operating results translated into several noteworthy highlights for the quarter, including record oil production. We raised our 2015 oil growth outlook for the second time this year. We controlled costs, with operating expenses coming in significantly below guidance, and we are now on pace to save $1 billion of operating and capital costs in 2015 versus our original guidance expectations. We expect this outstanding operational performance to continue as we head into 2016. To deliver maximum capital efficiency with today's market conditions, we plan to preserve operational momentum by dynamically allocating capital to the highest returning, lowest risk development opportunities in each of our core resource plays. Although we are still working through the details of our 2016 capital program, directionally we expect our E&P capital spend to range from $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Other non-E&P capital requirements and dividends are expected to total around $1 billion next year. Importantly, we are focused on balancing capital investment with available cash flows. Our capital programs have tremendous flexibility, and we can rapidly respond to market conditions. We have minimal exposure to long-term service contracts. We have no long-cycle project commitments and negligible leasehold expiration issues. In 2016 the majority of E&P capital will once again be focused in the Delaware Basin, Eagle Ford, Anadarko, and Rockies, the plays with the best economics in our portfolio. With the significant improvements we have seen with well productivity and cost efficiencies, we expect this disciplined, oil-focused capital program to generate low single-digit oil growth in 2016. We will finalize our budget in the coming months and provide detailed guidance with our fourth quarter earnings release. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity, and investment-grade credit ratings are key factors during this period of depressed commodity prices. Additionally, we expect distributions from our investment in EnLink to approach $300 million next year, and we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to transact on the sale of Access Pipeline in the first half of 2016. Combined with cash flow from our top-tier upstream assets, we have reliable sources of funding for Devon's 2016 capital program without taking on incremental debt. So in summary, I am quite pleased with the outstanding results Devon has delivered, and I fully expect this trend of outperformance to continue going forward. We have a great collection of world-class assets, and we will continue to get the most out of these assets with superior execution, and we have one of the more advantaged capital structures in the E&P space. As we continue to execute on our disciplined business plan, we are well positioned to generate outsized returns for our shareholders for many years to come. With that, I will turn the call back to Howard for Q&A.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thanks, Dave. To ensure we get as many people on the call as possible, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question plus a follow-up, and re-prompt as time permits. And with that, Tiffany, we'll take the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Doug.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Dave, I wonder if I could pick up on your capital question, first of all. So low single-digit oil growth, you obviously have a tailwind from the momentum you've got in the oil sands. So I'm just trying to understand. Does that low single digit mean that the Lower 48 grows as well, or is the growth predominantly from the oil sands? And I've got a follow-up, please.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Doug. We obviously do have tailwinds as we move forward into 2016 in the oil sands in Canada, but we also have good growth opportunities in the Delaware Basin. We're confident we're going to be growing volumes there in Q4 of 2015, and we see that momentum continuing on into 2016. We're still finalizing our capital allocation, so we're not going to break out the exact numbers at this point. But we still see a lot of great growth opportunities in the U.S. And it's really just a matter of how much capital – exactly how much capital we put to those programs to see what the growth percentage will be in both areas.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, but just to be clear though, when you talk about low single digit, are you trying to signal to us that the Lower 48 will see oil growth as well as the oil sands?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: All I'm signaling is that overall as a company we're going to have low single-digit oil growth. And we'll break that out for you, Doug, on the Q4 earnings call.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. My follow-up is there's obviously a lot of resource detail, type curves, and so on this quarter. I'd like to home in on one issue, if I may, which is the increase in the unrisked locations, particularly the Wolfcamp, given that you still haven't provided any risked locations there but you have increased the unrisked locations. It's now the biggest backlog, I guess, unrisked backlog in your portfolio. So I'm just trying to understand. What is it going to take for you to start more aggressively allocating capital to that area? And how do the economics stack up, for example, relative to the Delaware and the Bone Spring? And I'll leave it there, thanks.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Good morning, Doug. This is Tony Vaughn here. I'll take a stab at this. Doug, as we've approached our work in the Delaware Basin, we've really highlighted the second Bone Spring and the Delaware Sands as probably being the two most prolific from a rate-of-return perspective. That's where a lot of our focus has been through 2015. We had done enough appraisal work to start building our 2016 program going forward, but you'll still have a nice component of the second Bone Spring with very high returns. We'll probably see us have a little bit more influence from the Leonard interval in 2016. We've got that appraised. You can see in the operating report we've had some good Leonard wells that are coming on. So we'll have a couple of, what I would anticipate anyway, a couple of rig lines dedicated to the Leonard. We're also contemplating really how to appropriately develop the stacked-pay sands. And the Wolfcamp's got up to four different intervals. We have assessed that. We're getting a lot of industry activity on the Texas side of the basin moving right up to our play. Now we're starting to see the industry – and then Devon has drilled about four or five Wolfcamp wells this year. So we're understanding the play. We still find that the economics for the Wolfcamp are slightly disadvantaged in comparison to the second Bone Spring, the Delaware, and the Leonard sands just because of the drilling and the complete costs. So we're incorporating that. I still don't think it will have a large influence on our 2016 activity, with the one exception of when we get towards the latter parts of 2016, we will have – we will be incorporating, for lack of a better way to put it, more of a super-pad type concept, which will be incorporating the Wolfcamp all the way up through the Delaware Sands and really trying to take a holistic development concept into our business.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Doug, I think the challenge – I'd just add. We have such strong results and what we think is a little bit better economics in the Bone Spring and now the Leonard and to some degree the Delaware Sands that we haven't been as actively developing the Wolfcamp. We know it's there. I look at it as having a lot of option value out there for us right now. But the resource is there, there's no question. We're just focusing on dollars on the highest return.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's quite a choice there, Dave. Thanks very much indeed.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks and good morning, guys. I was wondering maybe if we could stay on the Delaware for a minute. Can you update us on progress with infrastructure out there and what you all think needs to be done as you go forward in growth? Obviously, the growth that you guys are projecting for 4Q in the Delaware is pretty substantial. Could you just talk about what EnLink is doing there for you guys and what you plan here over the next 12 to 18 months?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we'll let Tony answer that, and I may add on if there's anything additional.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Okay, I'll be happy to, Dave. Scott, I think it's a great question. As we've talked about in the past, infrastructure in the Delaware Basin has been a challenge. Kind of is specific or more localized in different areas. We've had some substantial relief in that as we've tied in a large portion of what we call our Cotton Draw area into a DCP plant called Zia II. That has allowed us to move a lot more volumes. We're also starting to see a few more right-of-way permit approvals come forward, which is going to allow us to continue to bring wells on. So it's getting better I think in 2016. The outlook is much better. We are doing a really good job of planning our business I think to take advantage of the infrastructure and the permits that we have in place right now. You know to go back and take a look at our Delaware performance on a standalone basis, it's been a little bit lumpy. And in Q1, our volume growth from Q1 into Q2, it was exceptional. If I remember right, it was over 20% growth just on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Q3, we had less development wells that we brought on. The timing of those wells wasn't positive. And again, the tie-in to the Zia plant caused a lot of starts and stops to our business, so we had a lot of downtime. So really our oil volume growth, we actually saw a little bit of a downturn in Q3 on oil volume growth. I'll have to remind you, though, that the wells that we continue to bring on are every bit as good as they've been in the past. As we look forward into Q4, we'll have more of an influence from the low-risk development type work that we do in southern Lea and Eddy counties. We've got less impact of infrastructure that's coming to us by the end of the year. And we're working with the BLM. The BLM is still going to be a little bit of a challenge there for permit approvals. But really, just look at the Delaware over the course of the year, and I think we saw something like 30% volume growth from year over year and I think about 50% oil growth. So it's still our most active area and one that we have a lot of emphasis on.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I appreciate that color, thanks. And my follow-up is on the Meramec play. It seems like you guys and the industry as well in general have seen better results, and you all pointed out to I guess lower well cost on top of that. And can you just talk about like how that fits into the portfolio on a rate-of-return basis and where that inventory could go? I mean right now, I think you've talked about 500 risked locations. But ultimately with some downspacing potential, where do you think that could go?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Scott, we're real pleased with the Meramec, as is the industry right now. And we've participated in I believe about 20 wells to date. The industry's got about 100 wells down in the Meramec. I think in a lot of ways, you could look at the Meramec play as already moved through the appraisal process and really is getting into more of the development phase. When we look at the commercial expectation for the Meramec, it really competes in our mind with our top-tier returns from DeWitt County, the Parkman in the Powder River Basin, and also the southern portions of Lea and Eddy County in the heart of the Delaware Basin. So we think the Meramec is going to be another top-tier asset for us. We've characterized about 500 locations there. In my own mind, that's conservative. And as we drill that out, it will have the potential to greatly improve. So it's going to be one of our go-to areas as we go forward. It's slightly more commercial than, say, the good work that we do in the Woodford right now and the Cana area.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, and will you be willing to provide a multiple on where that 500 locations could go? Are we talking double, triple? What do you think the upside range on that could be?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I'd probably be hesitant to quantify that right now. I think it's still early in the play for us to do that. And we'll keep some meat on the bone there and communicate as we go forward, but we'll continue to keep you abreast of that. But in my own mind from a technical perspective, I'm highly encouraged that that play will continue to develop for Devon.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Appreciate it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning and congratulations on the strong performance. My first question was your continued LOE cost reduction is quite impressive. Can you rank order what can continue to drive costs down going forward?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: This is Tony again. I'll talk a little bit about that. One of the things, Jeff, that we knew going into the downturn here that LOE would be a little bit sticky and would not drop as rapid as, say, our capital efficiencies could bring. As you can see from our operating report this particular quarter, we've had outstanding results on LOE in terms of both dollars and LOE per BOE. So I think we're really moving right into the portion of the work that we're doing that's offering the most drop in costs right now. We're optimistic that this will be sustainable and will move into 2016. So specific to your question, I think a lot of the work that we are doing, building out infrastructure in the Delaware Basin, Anadarko Basin, some of the heavily, more intensely capital areas right now are really providing a benefit in our ability to handle water both more efficiently and more cost effectively. So we're handling a lot more fluid these days. And so I'd say water is the big component of that. I'll also say our focus on artificial lift is really having the opportunity to drive costs down now. We're putting a lot more attention to our chemical programs, which is reducing our intervention rate, reducing workover costs going forward. So we're optimistic; we're not done with our LOE work. We've got a lot of joint efforts between our supply chain group and our technical teams, looking for not only efficiencies, but also taking advantage of the market conditions. So I think I'd look for an improvement as we go into 2016.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: As we focus our dollars really into just more pure development, and so we're concentrating our drilling in specific areas, that's what really allows you in many cases to lower the LOE, where you don't have scattered drilling across a larger area. But instead, you're in a very concentrated geographic location where there are synergies in the infrastructure that you have to put in from well to well. And that's what we're doing largely in 2016, and one of the reasons we're optimistic we can continue to attack the LOE.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Thank you for that thorough answer. My other question is, this quarter's operation report on the Leonard Shale expanded on its three-zone potential. Can you give us some idea of what percentage of your 60-acre position has three-zone potential? Does most of it have two-zone potential, and is there any meaningful mix differences between these zones?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: You know what, I can't give you a specific answer for that. I would think in our Leonard, when we look at it, I know a good portion of it has got the two-zone potential, and I think there's some general localized area that had the three-zone potential as well. When we characterize the opportunity going forward in our unrisked locations, we're thinking we could see up to 20 wells per section in three different zones, so high confidence in two intervals with some localized areas of three different intervals in the Leonard.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Do they all pretty much behave the same way in terms of oil mix, NGL, that sort of thing?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, I think it's probably a little early to comment on that. We don't have just a lot of specific data to give you more of a fact-based answer. So it's probably a little bit early to define that.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, that's fair.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: You would think intuitively they probably would because they're very similar depths, but we do need to do some more appraisal to know the answer for sure.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: That's fair. We'll look forward to that. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning and congratulations on all the good stuff that's happening across the company. I just had a question around CapEx, if I may. Your guidance for 4Q E&P is $800 million to $900 million, and you've got $2 billion to $2.5 billion E&P for next year, which is another 30% reduction. I just wanted to get a sense. Obviously, industry deflation has already happened a lot this year. How do you get those costs down further? And maybe give us some sense of how much is deflation and how much is activity from here. Thanks.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: This is Tony. Let me describe I think what you're probably seeing in there. So in Q4, we have what I would classify or call non-repeatable type investments. And we have a fair amount of exploration activity and appraisal activity that really were initiated in the beginning of the quarter and will be essentially closed out by the time we get into 2016. We're doing some appraisal work on the North Texas horizontal refracs. We've got the ability to control that. We also have some non-recurring capital items in Jackfish associated with three new pads, one at J1 and two at J2. So there's a fair amount of spend in Q4 that won't be repeated in 2016. I would also have to tell you that when you look at the operations report, we commented generally on how many rigs we had running at the close of the quarter. But since then, we've dropped rigs in the Rockies and the Powder down to one. We've dropped down from 10 rigs in the Delaware down to eight and may go to seven. We're still trying to contemplate what our 2016 spend is, but we know that capital spend in 2016 is going to be dramatically different than it is in 2015. We're very aware of that. We've got a good history of performing to our capital forecasts. So we're on top of it, Ed, and we're working it down to be consistent with the business environment that we'll talk more about in the next call.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then coming back to the Delaware, these super-pads are going to be presumably very efficient. So I don't know if you've got a sense of, other than the deflation in the industry, what cost reduction you could get as you go to full development mode of three zones in the Leonard and Bone Spring and other zones.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Ed, we've got a project team that was stood up I think probably a quarter ago, and they're really trying to understand and explore the opportunity there. It's really a lot of different scenarios and variations that they're contemplating, so it's probably early to comment on specifically what our expectation would be. But I think just to describe that, we're getting ready to pilot in the fourth quarter of 2016. We'll be active on a first super-pad, where we'll have up to 12 wells in a quarter section. And as Dave mentioned just a moment ago, the efficiencies gained on that kind of a development are substantial we believe. So we could start turning our operations to having less permitting obligations or challenges just because our surface disturbance would be much less. We could see the opportunity for batch drilling going forward, not really having to have time associated with substantial rig moves since everything would be on a pad. We would have the ability to do simultaneous operations and have some fracking work going on while we could be producing. So we're trying to understand and define that, and we'll have a keen eye on maximizing present value or returns as we think through that. So it will be a balance between size and scale and efficiency and keeping some predictability in our rate growth and cash flow growth that we'll be focused on.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And just to be clear, the rigs you're dropping in the Delaware, that's really because of efficiency gains, or are you lowering the number of completions?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: It is associated with efficiency gains. And Ed, that's really our growth area and high focused area. We'll keep all the rigs running in the low-risk development areas that are offering the greatest returns. So we're starting to get so much efficiencies out of the rigs that we've got now just from continuous improvement. I guess I'd also say both on the, not only just on the rig activity, but also on our frac crews as well. So the pace of our business is ever increasing, like it always has.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say, Ed, that type discussion holds true not only in the Delaware, but also holds true in many of our areas where you've seen throughout our operations report where we have been improving the drilling efficiency significantly. We've done it in the Eagle Ford. We're doing it in the Anadarko Basin and the Cana and the Meramec. So we are getting a lot more productivity per rig. And frankly, we probably need to get away from talking about number of rigs at some point and talk about number of wells that we drill because that's a much better indicator of our activity levels. We're just getting a lot more productivity than previously you see. You just don't need as many rigs to accomplish a program.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Kissel with Howard Weil. Your line is open.
Peter Francis Freeman Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Hi, guys. How are you? Thanks for taking my questions. Just to start off with maybe Tony, following on the prior question that you alluded to the answer here, but with regards to Jackfish, what's the total spend level in 2015 now that you're coming close to the end of the year? And looking at 2016, is that $150 million to $200 million still a base case spend level we should be expecting?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I think, Peter, if I recall right, we're going to spend roughly about $600 million, $650 million in 2015. We're still putting our thoughts together for 2016. But that number will go materially down, probably in the range of something approaching $300 million, maybe a little less than $300 million if I recall.
Peter Francis Freeman Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: Got you. Okay, thanks, Tony, and then maybe more of a broad-based question. Portfolio optimization, rationalization has been very successful for you guys over the last two years. Can you please just update us on where you stand with the upstream assets, in particular any sales you're looking at, any acquisitions? I know that's a little tricky given your focus on preserving capital at this time. And then maybe how does your ownership of EnLink units factor in here as a source of capital?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Peter. This is Dave. First off, we're very happy with our portfolio. We think that we have really significantly transformed the portfolio over the past few years divesting of the Gulf of Mexico and international, the Canadian conventional, the non-core U.S. So now we really try to focus our assets in the best portion of the best plays in onshore North America, and we think now we have that kind of portfolio. So we're first off very, very satisfied with where we stand. If we were to look to add anything, and we always are out there evaluating if there's anything worthwhile to consider, if we were to add anything, it would have to be something that would compete for capital internally with our own opportunities, which again are located in the best parts of some of the best plays. And so it would have to be very high quality before we would consider adding anything. There are always some things that I think, especially right now, that are not attracting capital in our portfolio, significant amounts of capital. And if that condition persists over a number of years, then we will consider moving those assets out of the portfolio. We think we can generate the most value when we are investing funds and are getting returns significantly above the cost of capital. And so if we're not in a position where we think we'll be investing in an area for the foreseeable future, then over time you can see that as a candidate for divestment. That's the philosophy we've always taken and that's the philosophy we'll continue to take. As far as EnLink as a source of funds, we really like our position in EnLink a lot. We think it's a strong company. We think the company is poised to grow. We have no plans for any current unit sales in EnLink. We look at that asset just as we look at all the other assets in our portfolio.
Peter Francis Freeman Kissel - Scotia Howard Weil: All right, thanks, Dave, and congrats on a great update.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Société Générale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yes, hi. I was wondering if you could give more detail on the enhanced completions in the Bone Spring, what you did different.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, John, this is Dave. I'll kick it off to start with. I think the main thing that we have been doing over the past few quarters, you've seen the results, is to really increase the sand concentrations significantly. We went from around 600 pounds of sand per foot a few quarters ago, we experimented up to as high as 3,000 pounds of sand per lateral foot. I think we've backed off now to what we think is the optimum amount of sand, which in most cases in the basin part of the play for the Bone Spring is probably somewhere between 1,500 and 2,000 pounds of sand per lateral foot. But I think, Tony, you might have a little bit more detail on that. The main thing is we are really just concentrating on the highest areas and just getting great returns in those areas by concentrating on some of the most productive areas for the Bone Spring.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I think that's right, Dave. So, John, it's really a combination of a lot of things, but we've got some great work that's ongoing with our subsurface teams. We're integrating all of our data much more rapidly and better with a lot more influence from the data. I think we've told you in the past, we're taking a lot more full-bore cores and pressure, and we've got fiber optics. And so we're having a much better understanding about the subsurface. We're also incorporating that into our frac design and modeling work. And then finally, I'll point out that the execution of our work on the completion side of the business is also dramatically improving. We've stood up our 24-hour, seven day a week WellCon center probably about 18 months ago, and that now has stations involving all of our frac operations and flowback operations. So we've got a unique – what I think is a complete package that's driving the results that we see. I think what I'm most proud about from our technical teams is over the past two quarters, we really own the top completions per public data in all the basins that we're working. So we're really doing a lot of good technical work with good execution that's driving our results up. And so I think if you go back and look at our first quarter of this year, second quarter, we don't have third quarter data in, but we probably have at least the top 50% to top 70% – 75% of the top 10 IPs in the basins we work. So we're doing a lot of good, thoughtful work that's leading to that.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great, thanks. Last one from me is on the Parkman shot of 3-D, when will that actually be usable, first half?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: John, we've got the data in-house, and it's being incorporated into our work right now. We've actually got great 3-D coverage across that entire Parkman/Turner play. It's influencing what we do. If you go back and look at the work that our technical teams have delivered, we're drilling long laterals there and exceeding our type curve performance. So all that data is yielding some outstanding results.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Good morning, Brian.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: In the Anadarko Basin, you talked about 60 wells coming online from the Gordon Row area. Can you just refresh us on your working interest there, and then how you think about the production impact over the next few quarters and what the oil versus gas versus NGLs mix is likely to be?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Brian, this is Tony. You're right, we're working on the Gordon Row right now and doing some really good, thoughtful work. We have a rough working interest of 50%. We're in the AMI with Cimarex and working that relationship really well. Our percent oil cut is consistent with what we've been seeing. It's starting to get a little bit more rich, but we're going to see about – I think we've actually put on our IP at about 80 million-plus – 80 million to 90 million cubic feet per day gross already from the wells that we have delivered into production right now. And I think the ratio of liquids and gas is consistent with what we've been seeing.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have our type curves out there, Brian, and we have about 5% condensate on it. I don't have the type curve sitting in front of me. I know it's in all of our investor presentations. So I can't give you the NGL and gas, but I think Scott has it here. It's 40% NGLs and that means about 55% gas. Coody just gave me the word here. .
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you. And then to maybe a little bit more off the beaten path, you highlighted in the ops update the horizontal refrac opportunity in the Barnett Shale. Can you just talk about how committed you are to spending capital on those in the context of all else that's in your portfolio, and whether that lowers the decline rate from the relatively consistent decline that we've been seeing on a sequential basis in the Barnett, or whether it just keeps it at that level?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Brian, we are committed to understanding the opportunity. And so I would say that we're trying to fund enough opportunities or get enough repeatable results in the play to understand what that development opportunity would be. So it's something that we're putting some investment dollars into in Q4 of this year. That will probably carry into Q1, really just trying to define and understand what the refrac opportunity would be, not only in North Texas, but it's a great library for us to understand what it would be across the rest of our portfolio. So when you look at it, I think we've commented on that it's got meaningful returns. We probably need, at the low gas price that we're seeing now, we'd like to see more gas price to have it compete effectively with some of the other good opportunities that we have. So we're really just trying to understand the opportunity through the appraisal process, and then we'll take a pause and see how that competes.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys, and strong results again. My first question on the Access dropdown, the language was modified to be as early as the first half of 2016. Can you discuss any structuring alternatives? And if unavailable to draw for cash, would that alter your 2016 capital spending in any way?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We believe that we can drop it. And so we think that we can drop it to EnLink. I have also said that we are taking efforts out there to understand what the market is also for that asset outside of that. But our preferred option is to drop that asset to EnLink, and we believe that we can drop it. Now if their situation would change dramatically, it would really have to change dramatically for this to take place. But if it were to change dramatically, since we're including that in our anticipated cash flow for 2016, then we'd look at adjusting if that situation were to occur. But we think that's a very unlikely outcome. We're very confident that we are going to be able to transact on Access in the first half of 2016.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, I appreciate that. And my second question, it looks like you're taking your Haley pad completion design and applying it across your Cana-Woodford. I know it's a harder question, but how much of the Haley 50% initial performance above the Cana-Woodford type curve can be attributed to better rock quality and how much to completion design? I know it's a hard question. I'm trying to get a sense of how much this performance could transfer to other areas of the basin, like Gordon Row, where you'll be active upcoming here.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Evan, this is Tony. I really think it's got a lot to do with the good subsurface work that the guys are doing, the completion design work that we're doing. We've got enough data points out there where I think we understand the rock really well. We've got it mapped. We've got a earth model over that. So I think the variation and the improvement that we continue to see is really associated with the technical work that both the Devon-Cimarex team jointly have put into our designs.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's the completion design, we think.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, I look forward to seeing those results upcoming.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dave and Tony. If I could go back to a little bit more of the bigger picture here with your comments, Dave, about 2016, I believe you've laid out a similar scenario, at least as far back as September, about E&P CapEx of $2 billion to $2.5 billion, and getting you flat to up slightly. Can you talk about how that has changed maybe or evolved over the last few months, if at all? And should we be reading any directionality into your comments this morning about prospects for 2016?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: It should be identical to what I said and have been saying. I said in the second quarter call and I've been saying it when meeting with investors on the road. So don't imply any difference at all. We are exactly where we were. The only exception that I'd say is we keep raising the bar, darn it. We keep moving production into 2015. We keep outperforming here in 2015. So that means we're going to be delivering this on a higher 2015 volume. So that's the only difference that I would say. But we're going to keep outperforming and we plan to keep doing that for a long time.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. So I think I get your point, is that the growth number may be the same, but the absolute level that you're going to achieve with that $2 billion to $2.5 billion keeps moving up.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it, and then another question. You guys, and it's been a theme in the Q&A here that you've had a lot of positive elements all across your U.S. unconventional portfolio. But can you give us a little context or perhaps some insight into how you're thinking about which of these plays or opportunities, which of them rank most high on attractiveness or rate of change in attractiveness and also on materiality to Devon in 2016?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah and I'll have Tony go through that with you, but I'd like to take this chance just to make a comment too, that you have seen obviously tremendous improvements. And we talk a lot about improved, higher sand concentrations and lower drilling costs and all of that. But I want each of you out there to understand. The reason we're doing this is we have the absolute desire to be the best operator in each of our core areas. We talk a lot around here about not being one of the best. We talk about being the best and an intolerance of mediocrity, and those are the words I say to you guys. It's the words I say internally, and I can tell you there's a lot of energy in the company around that entire notion. And when you have that kind of attitude I think in a company, that's when you really start delivering the kind of results you've been seeing out of the last few quarters. And so that's why we have confidence that we're going to continue to do this. We're not sure exactly what's going to be the next thing that comes down the line to improve our results, but I can tell you we're absolutely focused on being the best applier of whatever it would be. So with that, I'll turn it over to Tony to talk more specific on returns for each of the areas.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Charles, if I just had to categorize generally, I would say our DeWitt County returns in the Eagle Ford are consistently high, as well as the southern portion of our Delaware Basin work, as well as the Parkman in the Rockies. Those have been really what I would call our Tier 1 returns, and that's really where the capital is moving towards. Just slightly behind those returns would be our Cana-Woodford. And again, the Woodford project continues to improve. Our well costs have dropped from $8 million down to about $7 million. And as we talked earlier, the IPs and EURs continue to improve. So the Cana-Woodford project is competing in the portfolio right now. I think what will emerge with additional data will be this Meramec play. I think it will move into the top tier. It will elbow its way in. So we'll have what I think are four very high returns that are top tier in the U.S. And behind that we'll have the Cana-Woodford, which has got great repeatability, predictability. And behind that are really the projects that are not garnering any funding right now, and that would be the southern Midland Basin. It would be the Mississippian play, Barnett outside of the appraisal work that we're doing on the refrac. So that's how we look at the projects from a return and really generally how we allocate capital.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. And so, Tony, on the question of scale or materiality to you guys, it sounds like you roughly went in order there or the order I would have guessed that really Eagle Ford and Permian are the biggest scale of those high-quality ones, and that the Meramec is – that's one where the arrow is pointing up the most. Is that the right read?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I think that's it, Charles. Really, our most intense focus area for 2016 will definitely be the Permian Basin and our work in the Delaware. And of course, the Eagle Ford is going to continue with the work that we've been doing there. What we'd like to see happen is really increasing the materiality in both the Meramec and the Parkman in the Rockies. Those are two good plays that have great returns, as you mentioned, just not quite as material to us today.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's great color, Tony. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Grigel with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, good morning, just a quick follow-up on 2016. I realize there's not full guidance out. But could you guys provide any color on the trajectory throughout the year as it stands now on both oil and gas? And then also if the low single-digit growth, is that exit rate to exit rate, or complete year over year, full year over full year?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's full-year 2016 compared to full-year 2015. And we're not to the point yet on this where we're going to be giving quarterly guidance on it, but we're going to cover all that kind of thing in more detail on the Q4 call.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, I thought I would try. Turning now on the operation front to the Eagle Ford, you guys have talked about the staggered development concept as well as the upper Eagle Ford. Could you provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing there, but also what you would need to see to step up activity in that area from those tests?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Paul, I'm glad you mentioned that. That's an exciting project that we have working right now. And our technical team has done some outstanding subsurface work to recognize the opportunity. We've put a lot of data and reservoir characterization work together. We built our models. We believe that the staggered opportunity just inside the lower Eagle Ford offers upside to the resource base that we've talked about. That's in addition to the lower Eagle Ford that we've described in our past couple of calls. So we think the resource base has got the opportunity to grow. We've highlighted that in our operating report now. I'm pleased to report, while it's early, our first staggered lateral results in our central core area in DeWitt County saw, with a slight offset to an existing producing well, near original reservoir pressure. So I think what we're going to see is the ability to come back and take all of our undrilled areas, go to a staggered approach, increase the ultimate recovery and the total value of the field. And I think we'll also have an opportunity to come back into areas that have already been drilled and lay in some staggered laterals in addition to that. And couple that with the opportunity to put a stacked lateral in the upper Eagle Ford on top of that, I think there's still a lot of resource work that our technical team is excited about right now.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Thanks for letting me get back in for one more. I just wanted to clear up one thing real quickly, and that's with regard to the infrastructure expansion in the Eagle Ford. Is that essentially an aspirational number for Devon's future production, or do you see any third-party volumes getting into there?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: The infrastructure volumes we have available, those are the numbers that are actually available. Now whether we realize that volume or not depends on the amount of capital that we put against the program. So we're just showing what the system capacity is in the Eagle Ford for our production. And at this point, we don't have any current plans, I don't think, to put any third-party volumes in that. That's just within the Eagle Ford, and that's our capacity within the DeWitt County, what our capacity is.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for clearing that up.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Jeff, this is Howard. Jeff, we've had a lot of questions on the capacities. The reason we put that in there, not to signal anything else, it's just a matter of what Dave said around commodity price and whether we add additional capital in there, that there is no bottleneck obviously in commodity price and our activity levels.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Thanks for clearing that up.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you, Tiffany, and we appreciate everyone's attention and investment in Devon Energy. We hope you have a wonderful day and we'll see you on the road soon. Thanks much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael J. Rowe - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Megan E. Repine - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States) James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning everyone. I hope you've all had a chance to review our operations report and management commentary at devonenergy.com, as today's call will largely consist of questions and answers. Also on the call today are Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Executive Vice President of E&P; Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and a few other members of our senior management team. Finally, I'd remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates which are forward-looking statements under US securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. For a review of risk factors relating to these estimates, see our 2014 Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Q filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Howard, and welcome, everyone. The second quarter saw Devon deliver another high quality performance, continuing a trend that has generated top quartile results for our shareholders for the past several quarters. Before we jump into the Q&A, I would like to highlight a few key messages I would hope you would take away from our earnings materials. First, as many of you know, I assumed the role of President and CEO August 1, and I want to be clear, the overall strategy that has led to Devon's recent outperformance remains unchanged. We will continue to operate in North America's best resource plays, deliver superior execution and maintain a high degree of financial strength. As you can see from our second quarter results, Devon's premier asset portfolio continues to achieve significant operational improvements. Our three most active plays, the Delaware Basin, Eagle Ford and the Anadarko Basin all delivered outstanding well performance that exceeded type curve expectations with substantially lower well costs and reduced operating expenses. We expect this outstanding operational performance to continue. Our technical teams are laser focused on getting the most out of our advantaged asset base with superior execution. This unwavering pursuit of excellence means we will continue to improve drilling times, maximize value per well with industry-leading completion designs and optimize base production with best in class field operations. Importantly, we are keenly focused on maintaining our strong balance sheet and we have the flexibility in our capital programs through scalable operations, minimal exposure to long term service contracts, no long term project commitments, and negligible leasehold expiration issues to do just that. Additionally, our advantaged capital structure is enhanced with the unique optionality EnLink provides with distributions approaching $300 million annually and the potential for dropdown proceeds. Given these benefits, we believe that in the current commodity price and service cost environment, we can deliver growing oil production in 2016 compared to 2015 exit rates, while spending within total cash inflows. So in summary, we are pleased with the way Devon is positioned to successfully weather the current environment and prosper in the future. Undoubtedly in the E&P business, you need great assets, outstanding operations and a strong balance sheet to deliver sustainable long term growth and differentiating returns for investors. With Devon, you have all three of these winning qualities. With that, I will turn the call back to Howard for Q&A.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thanks, Dave. To ensure that we get as many people on the call as possible, we'd ask that you please limit yourself to one question with an associated follow-up and with enough time at the end, you can reprompt and we'll additional questions from the participants. So, Michelle, with that we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. Another strong operations update today.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: First, you've reiterated your full-year crude production outlook, but there are a few moving pieces. And I guess first, what drove the decision to dial back the Eagle Ford, given what must be strong economics at the strip, and what would you and your partner need to see to either complete some of those DUCs you're building or kind of add rigs there? I have a follow-up, please.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Evan, this is Dave. I'll take a stab at that. Tony may want to add some things to it. Directionally, well first off, our well performance is just outstanding. We continue to see outstanding well performance on the capital program and outstanding economics on that program. If you'll remember back at the end of 2014, we had temporarily increased from five to nine completion crews and we jointly agreed with BHP that that was a temporary measure to draw down the inventory and then after that point, we would reduce the completion crews. And certainly in the current commodity price environment, and with some draw down in inventory, we felt that was appropriate. So directionally, we have a great partnership with BHP. We discuss a lot of things technically. They might have reduced the completion crews and they have the ability to do that the way our agreements are written that they might have reduced the completion crews a little bit further than we have, taking it down to one crew. Directionally, we agreed with the reduction, but they were trying to manage their total cash flows as a company when making that along with making a little bit of a call, I believe, on commodity prices. And so that was really the decision that was made. It had nothing to do with the quality of the opportunity. The well results are absolutely outstanding. And I think we'll continue to see adjustments in rig activity and the completion crews in the future. So, Tony, do you want to add anything to that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: No, I think you summed it up very well, Dave. I think the one thing I would add is just the more our technical team has an opportunity to look at additional data through the work that we're doing in both Lavaca County and DeWitt County, both in the upper and the lower Eagle Ford, we continue to grow the resource base. So our expectations of the property are essentially growing. The wells, as you can see from our quarter-to-quarter reports, are just as prolific. In fact, if you look at all the public data, you're going to find that the BHP/Devon combination is really delivering the best-in-class well results that we have in the industry right now. So I think it's all about pace of activity, and Dave summarized pretty well that we just dropped that pace down. And we'll continue to hover at the five or six drilling rigs for this point and probably running from about one to three frac crews as we go forward. That's just the overall plan that we'll have for the second half of the year.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. And if I could, on a second question, you guys have reported another round of efficiencies achieved in the second quarter, 10% to 20% compared to the first quarter. Oilfield service prices appear to be coming down faster than you planned at the start of the year. So can you just talk about what's happening to the resulting savings? Does your reiteration of upstream CapEx and increased EUCs tell us there might be downside to that full-year CapEx, or how are you thinking about that relationship? Thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd say the bigger impact, Evan, we don't see a lot of variation in what the CapEx will be for the remainder of this year. I think the bigger impact will be as we have a full year of those cost savings and then 2016, what benefit that's going to provide to us. And so you look at that and the CapEx savings we're going to have from the cost reductions. Then there are some other factors also that if you look at our, we can take the spending down in Canada probably by around $500 million or so. We will not have any activity essentially probably next year in the Mississippian or the Southern Mississippian, Midland Basin, Wolfcamp, some other plays. We had great economics because we're essentially being carried on a large amount of the well cost. But once we're beyond the carry, we won't have any money we'll be spending there. So you put all that together and where we have an E&P capital spend this year of $4 billion or a little bit over, I tried to make the comment there in my opening remarks that you could see that with the current strip that we – the cash flow that will be generated by that, plus the anticipated cash flow from any EnLink dropdowns, we are confident we'll be able to grow our oil production in 2016. And that's obviously the vast majority of the margin that we generate as a company. So there are a lot of positive factors working that we're going to be able to significantly reduce the capital requirements. I know there's some concern out there that when our hedges roll off, what impact is that going to have on the company. And we're trying to address that with you and give you some directional things to think about there that we have confidence we can continue to grow our oil production, even when these hedges roll off, because of the factors I mentioned.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's real helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I guess just following on from Evan's question, some growth at the strip, but if you truly went to, if commodity prices were awful, to maintenance levels, can you give us a sense next year of what that would be? Have you done that calculation?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have all the flexibility. It depends on the definition of awful, I guess you'd say. Because we obviously calculate our cash flows at all sorts of various commodity prices, including those below which we're currently seeing on the strip. I think the key thing is, we have all the flexibility in the world to adjust our capital however we want because essentially all of our acreage is held by production. We have no long-term projects we're committed to, no deepwater, no international, no heavy oil projects we're further committed at this point. We're just wrapping up Jackfish 3 and we don't have very many long-term rig commitments. So we can adjust our capital spending. And I think when you look at the combination that Devon provides of tremendous capital flexibility, some of the premier assets in North America, strong balance sheet, and the strong execution that we're consistently demonstrating every quarter, I think it's a unique combination in the industry.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Totally separate question then. Just on the Delaware obviously you're with the new completions and the higher proppant loads, you're increasing the IPs very strongly. You've also got a whole lot of downspacing that you have to do, testing different layers within each of the different zones. So I appreciate it's a little bit early, but the EUR feels like it should be rising. Is that an expectation that we should have given the performance that you have across the basin thus far, particularly in the basin?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ed, I think the EURs are increasing as we continue to develop. And we're doing a lot of work in the southern portion of Lea and Eddy County, which is really I think some of the best inventory we have in our portfolio. You're starting to see those characterized on the IPs, and we continue to really outperform on those type wells that we deliver. So we really have got a great understanding now, I believe, of the relationship between frac design and size, not that we're done with improving the recipe, but we've got a great relationship between the frac design, the resulting IPs, EURs, and most importantly the returns. And that's really why we are moving our completion designs back to about the 1,500 to 2,000 pound per foot range because it affords us the most improved rate of returns. Also, our work in the northern portion of Lea and Eddy County, we're derisking and really trying to set up some development work that will be ready for us in 2016. We're starting to improve that design for those fracs. And on a well-by-well basis, that's continuing to improve as well. So I think what the group is doing right now is we have a pretty good understanding about proppant loads and what that does to our completions. But we're not done. We're still trying to improve upon our frac fluids, the spacing links and the clusters and all the various things that go into a frac design. So we'll continue to see I think EURs improve and returns improve.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Tameron from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, good morning and congrats on another good quarter. So thinking about 2016, I'm going to go back to that. Obviously, this isn't a revelation that the Street bear cases, you guys aren't going to be able to grow as fast in 2016 as some of your peers. One, I guess how would you address that? And two, you talked about being able to grow within cash flow. What type of limits or maybe a better way, what type of goalposts or framework are you thinking about yourselves and at the board level as far as how you want to look at 2016, given where the strip is at right now?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have always thought that it was important to have a strong balance sheet. And we're going to continue to believe that that is important and certainly in these times of uncertain commodity prices. So directionally, we tend to think of our capital spending has to be within the total cash inflows that we anticipate for the company. So that would be both our operational cash flow plus any EnLink distributions and any dropdown proceeds from EnLink, such as the access pipeline or the new, the other new, the NGPL line that we highlighted in the operations report. So that's directionally where we start off the discussion. We obviously will then look at the programs and see if there is any reason to deviate in a positive or a negative way from that. And we have the flexibility to do that given our strong balance sheet. But that's the starting point of the discussion. And I think it's important to remember that we did, our growth rate may not be quite as high next year, but remember we did, enjoyed great benefits of this in 2015 that others didn't, so we're starting from a much larger base. Don't forget that.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: The absolute base is higher because we have had such tremendous growth in 2015. So when you look at it at a two-year rate, you may get a little different answer.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, no, and I'm with you on that. And as far as balance sheet metrics, and I talked a little bit with Howard about this last night, but are you guys thinking, is there debt-to-cap, self-imposed debt-to-cap? I know in the past you've gotten, I think the word Howard used is antsy when you start to get into the high 30%, low 40s. Is that still the game plan? I know you said within cash flow, but I'm just trying to think of different scenarios under different pricing scenarios.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Tom Mitchell, our CFO, would probably be the best person to talk to about this. Tom?
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: David, there is a perception that our debt level would stay the same but the metrics would blow out next year and that's just not really happening with what we're seeing in the cash flows and in our ability to manage it. There's no question that it moves up, but we're not alone in that and we don't disproportionately move up within the peer group as you go into next year on that metric. So to some degree, there is some misperception and I would just highlight what Dave mentioned. There is incredible flexibility with our EnLink investment that many don't enjoy right now. So I guess I would leave it at that.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, I appreciate the commentary. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Rowe from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Michael J. Rowe - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to get a sense for when you all think that you and BHP will decide on the right level of activity to pursue in 2016 in the Eagle Ford? And I guess I just want to understand your level of certainty there and if that lower activity levels do sustain into 2016, what could that mean for your views on the operated level of activity in the Delaware Basin?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: This is Tony. I'll just reiterate some of the points that Dave made early on with our relationship with BHP. BHP is in the same boat that all of us are in, so they're trying to manage their cash flow as a company. It's difficult for me to project what will happen in 2016, but I think we've got a lot of flexibility there. We've proven that we can operate as much as 15 rigs and nine frac crews in DeWitt County. And we also can show that the well performance has improved over time and the resource base is growing. So the development plans are poised for acceleration when the business environment is ready for that to occur. So we'll just have to get through the third and fourth quarter and see where we're at, but the asset base is still top tier in North America.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: I'd also point, I'd like to just remind you that we've quantified the upper Eagle Ford Marl. We've characterized that with our delineation work in Lavaca County, which is really not even the sweet spot of the upper Eagle Ford Marl. That thickens as we go into DeWitt County. So we think there are some growing resources with commercial returns available to us. We also think the staggering our wells in the lower Eagle Ford will both improve recoveries and provide additional resources. So we're continuing to work on that and that will be incorporated into our plans as soon as the business climate improves.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Michael, just to, I think we are also asking that question. Just to be clear, we do not have a shortage of opportunities. We have a wealth of opportunities given where that are still economic in the current price environment. So that if you look fundamentally, the two things that we look at when we decide how much to invest is, first, what are the returns on these opportunities. And make sure that we can generate returns well in excess of the cost of capital, and then second, how much do we want to spend given what our cash flow is. And so we have tremendous flexibility. If there's a little bit less program, and I'm not saying it's going to be, but there's a little bit less program in the Eagle Ford, we can easily ramp up activities in other parts of our portfolio. So we have tremendous flexibility about how we spend and where we spend our capital.
Michael J. Rowe - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Very helpful, thanks on that. I guess last question just relates to your revised 2015 capital guidance. This time you cut corporate and midstream capital. I guess my question is, are there more opportunities to cut costs like this heading into 2016 to limit some of those fixed cost obligations, or maybe non-productive capital that could be deferred to the future time periods? Thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we're always looking and we've highlighted how we're continuing to reduce well costs. And so we've given what we think is our most accurate guidance given the information that we have right now. But there's always opportunities to do better, so.
Michael J. Rowe - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Subash Chandra from Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning. BHP's decision aside, how would you compare the relative economics of DeWitt County and say in the Bone Springs Basin or maybe some emerging opportunities in the Delaware Sands? And then I have a follow-up, thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: When I look across our portfolio, we update our well economics across our portfolio routinely. And when we compare those, probably the top areas that are performing are DeWitt County and the basin portion of the second Bone Springs. Those are probably the best returns that are equivalent to each other. Those are the best returns that we have in our inventory. We have additional high returns that we're seeing in the Powder River Basin and the Cosner-Parkman. And we're still having positive returns, very competitive returns in our Anadarko business unit in both the Woodford and the growing Meramec play. So I would probably characterize the basin portion of the Delaware Basin and DeWitt County very similar.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thanks for that. And my follow-up is, the Access Pipeline is a go-forward plan on Pike. Does that influence the valuation of Access in any way?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: It would influence the valuation of Access, as you might imagine, to some degree because it would be the anticipation of (25:58) at some point in the future from that. Now there are ways you may be able to address that and how we actually do the dropdown, but it could have some impact. Tom, do you want to add something to that?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I do want to add to that. It would impact it near term from a cash perspective, but that's the only way out of there. And the way this works, you're going to come up with some a rate, a fee rate, that your present valuing to come up with your sales value. So it would be considered. It just wouldn't necessarily come next year or it would be a contingency that would be out there. So the value is still there and it would be agreed to in any transaction that we did.
Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. Maybe a follow-up on the Bone Spring wells. The latest batch in the second quarter, very impressive results. Can you talk a little bit about maybe potential drivers of the results? Was there any change to completion or is it the type well, the specific location of the geography, landing zone improvement, and any reason why this type of performance wouldn't be sustainable going forward?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you're asking about the second Bone Springs, I think we just continued to optimize and we're really trying to core up and offset some of our best wells. So we're drilling the next best well. Not doing much appraisal work. We're trying to stay focused and drive margins and oil growth. So we have modified the completion designs as we've discussed and that has been really highly centered on proppant loads. But we're also, we probably have about 7 or 8 different designs across the Delaware Basin and those are all customized based on the portion of the basin that we had, the type of rocks that we have. And so I think we just continue to refine that in a very granular fashion. I'd also like to comment about thinking in the last quarter, we commented on our well comm center here, which is our 24x7 operating center. That largely started out being dedicated to our drilling rigs and tremendous efficiencies on our drilling rigs. And some of that is really highlighted here in the operating report. But we've moved that into the completion space now. So we've got full coverage of our well center 24 hours a day on all of our frac crews that we're working right now. So there's a lot of attention to detail there. The non-productive time is grossly being diminished. A lot of the emphasis around the way we flow wells back, that's a science in itself and we've had a lot of learnings from some of our older plays like Cana-Woodford, that we've incorporated both into the Woodford and now into the Delaware Basin. So we feel like we're driving top tier execution just through a more focused granular approach to our business.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. And then maybe a follow up in the Anadarko Basin. I guess a couple of parts. Meramec versus Cana, looks like you're allocating more in near term to the Meramec. Is this reflective of rates of return or just reflection of controlling CapEx as Cana drilling is ahead of schedule? And then maybe broadly in the Anadarko, should we expect to continue the acceleration? Have the rates of return improved enough that we should expect additional acceleration into 2016? It looks like one of your partners is talking about doubling a rig count. So how should we think about capital trends there in that basin?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the returns are very competitive in the basin in general. We've got a lot of repeatability in Cana. You've seen us decrease our well cost from $8.5 million, probably about a year ago, to the low $8 millions in the last call and now those are being driven down towards $7 million per well. The IP and EUR performance in the Cana-Woodford are continuing to grow. Probably the best pad that we brought on historically in Cana was this quarter in our Haley pad. So the Cana-Woodford project continues to outperform and continues to improve quarter by quarter. So we're extremely pleased with that, and if you recall, we've got a long list of opportunities there that we'll continue to prosecute on. So really the way we describe the Meramec play in this particular report, we're finding that all the IPs and the well costs are very similar to what we have in the Woodford. It's got a slightly improved oil content so the margins are a little bit better than in Cana. As you know, it's a less mature asset than the Woodford is. So we're really not trying to divert or reallocate capital away from the Woodford. We're really trying to grow understanding of the Meramec so in 2016 we can come back with a very thoughtful development plan that will effectively prosecute both the Meramec and the Woodford combined. So the returns are good in the Meramec. They're not measurably higher, but they are a little bit better. But we're going to approach 2016 with a combined development plan for both horizons. And that's really what you're probably hearing our partner talk about as well as us.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Uplenchwar from GMP Securities. Your line is open.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: Good morning, guys, and congrats on a good quarter, a couple of questions. The first one is on the Permian, basically the Delaware. I'm just trying to understand how further along are you on announcing the grand plan for the Permian. When you got into the Eagle Ford, you said you were going to be at 140,000 BOEs per day. We can see a path to getting to 140,000 BOEs per day, in fact even higher than that with 5,000 locations, multiple stack pays. How much further do we have to go before we get an idea regarding how big this play could be as it relates to Devon, and how quickly can you get there? I'm just trying to get some color around that.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a good question, Sameer, and I'll tell you what we've been focused on, as we've talked about in previous calls, is really trying to generate high returns. And the highest return in our stacked opportunity of horizons we feel like is a second Bone Springs. It's very repeatable. We're growing a little there. You can see we had an outstanding Q1 and Q2 in the second Bone Springs that drove that oil growth. We are continuing to watch industry delineate the Wolfcamp. All that activity in Loving County is moving right into our acreage position and we're getting more comfortable with that. We've talked about that being a little bit more costly and a little bit more gassy, slightly less returns, but we're getting a good understand of the Wolfcamp. Same thing for the Leonard, we're watching our industry competitors derisk around us. We're feeling pretty good about that, but again, we don't feel like that offers the same returns per well that we're seeing in the Bone Springs. And I think in this call we highlighted several wells that we just drilled and completed in the Delaware Sands, and some of that appraisal work that we've done in the last couple of quarters we found a new landing zone in the Delaware Sands that is much more prolific than it was before. So we've talked about this D-Sand. We were able to put on nine wells, all very repeatable, and averaged over 1,000 BOEs per day from that particular horizon. So what that all means to us is that coupled with the different pilot tests that we've described in the Delaware Basin, all that information is being moved into a full development concept. And so we're coupling the optimum surface design for a multi-stacked area like this with the optimum subsurface design. In 2016, we're going to come out and have a full development plan for all horizons that we think will increase the returns of these projects even greater than what we have done just with our pad work, mostly centered in the second Bone Springs.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: Got it, thank you. Thanks for the color. On the maintenance CapEx for 2016, I know this has been discussed a lot on the call. But I'm trying to figure out from a numbers perspective. We can see like $1 billion saving year over year just by getting like the Pike strat wells and the JV capital. If you remove all that, we can get about $1 billion less. So, if I'm thinking about flat year-over-year numbers, is $3.5 billion the right number? Is it $2.5 billion? I'm just trying to understand from a spending perspective. Where do you see from a Q4 2015 to a Q4 2016 exit-to-exit flat level?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay, Sameer, let me try to clarify that. We are very confident that we can grow our oil production with a capital spend of between $2 billion and $2.5 billion. Now we are not as focused on the natural gas side, so there would be some decline on the natural gas side. But on the oil, which generates the vast majority of our revenue and the vast majority of our margin, we are confident we can grow our oil volumes at a spend between $2 billion and $2.5 billion. The other thing that's continuing to go on too that I didn't even mention is just the efficiencies we're getting that Tony has been alluding to in his answers to the various calls here, which is driving higher productivity in each of our plays. And so that's the other thing that's an important factor in here and is driving that conclusion.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks for taking my questions, just some more follow-ups in the Permian. Certainly the performance was outstanding this quarter. It sounds like you're obviously evaluating development plans in the future for this. And I guess my two questions would be I guess first, a little bit more on how fast you can grow in the Permian. Can you discuss? What are the key bottlenecks that you're looking at, at this point in time on the infrastructure side? And then the second question is, when you look at all those various formations that you have opportunities on in the Permian, how does that development do you think happen? Is this amenable to big well pads with multiple horizons and wells on it?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the second part of your question, we historically and the industry has historically talked about pads enough size for two to three wells, and I think what we would contemplate is probably eight to nine wells per pad. We would contemplate simultaneous operations much like you see in offshore international type environments, perhaps having frac centers off the pad. So it's a slightly different concept to what North American onshore players have historically developed or prosecuted their inventory with. But the basin is just loaded with opportunities. The resource size is tremendous. You've seen some of the unrisked locations that we had. I think the last time we commented it was about 11,000. So really, we've got to come out with a design for all of these horizons that will be complementary of each other and fully utilize the surface facilities in a different way than the industry has historically done. So I think if I go back to the first portion of your question, there are challenges in the Delaware Basin. Permitting on federal acreage continues to be a real challenge. That has typically centered around seven to eight months to get some of those APDs approved through the system. We work really well with the field offices of the BLM, have a great relationship. We're working together. But they're limited on resource as well. There is infrastructure, there is localized infrastructure issues and takeaway that cause us to be a little bit more thoughtful about what we go drill. In fact, some of these other horizons we talked about being more gassy, some of those horizons has had CO2 issues associated with them, so we avoid that for now. And that's incorporated in our more thoughtful plans. And then finally, I think understanding all of those challenges with having a more thoughtful approach to power, water management, understanding all of the results from the pilots that we have ongoing will certainly impact the development plan going forward for 2016 and beyond.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, I appreciate that context. So it sounds like certainly that the fact that the northern Delaware is I guess in general more fragmented than say what you have in the Eagle Ford. You still can build that scale and efficiencies in a similar fashion.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we can. If you recall, we started our development in the northern portion of both of those counties two years ago. Had outstanding results and then we moved out and tested the southern portion of those two counties I believe in the fall about, or mid 2014 if I recall. And so really, if you think about the timeline that we've had to build our position and our oil growth here in the southern portion of the two counties, it's been quite rapid. And so now we're going back, I think we talked about the 13 rigs we're using today. Three of those had been centered on the slope. So we're going back to build, get an updated to build our develop plane going into 2016 that will incorporate activity there. You got to chase slopes and it's a little bit more of a different depositional environment than it is in the southern portion of the two counties. So you've got to go at a pace and stay behind the data so you can do good quality work and maximize returns and that's what we're trying to do.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning everybody. I got a couple of questions, Dave, if I may. I guess just changing tack a little bit on EnLink. What is the latest thinking after the sell down you guys did? What is your latest thinking on the pace at which you want to bring forward that value? And I've got a follow-up, please.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug. We recognize the strategic value in EnLink and we believe in the long term of that business. We think it's a well run company with a very, very bright future. And so we like it longer term. We do recognize the optionality that EnLink brings to Devon. It's probably somewhat unique within the industry to have that optionality. And so we, like we do with all of our asset base, we believe active portfolio management is the right way to look at things. So we look at that with regard to every asset we own including EnLink on a continuous basis. And I think I'd just stop there.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I realize it could be somewhat sensitive in terms of timing. But my follow-up, Dave, and I know there's been a lot of questions on maintenance capital and definitions of growth, and I think you've been quite clear about that, but if I could just try one more go at it to just to really annoy you I guess. It seems at least for the first half production numbers that the 2015 production guidance probably has some upside risk to it. So I'd first of all appreciate your comment on that. And if so, when you talk about growth in oil production, are you talking about average 2016 over 2015 or are you talking more of a sustainable go forward basis? Or to be very clear about it, are you talking exit to exit? In other words, can you actually still add new volume at that spending level as opposed to maintaining the exit rate in 2015 at that spending level, if you see what I mean?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, to answer your second question there, Doug. First, you could never aggravate me, by the way. But we are talking about average of 2016 over the exit of 2015. And essentially we're flat for the entire year. So you can look at it as average of 2016 over average of 2015. It's really the same answer. So, we're talking about on average that we would be above 2015 levels, not just the exit of 2016. So I think that's a stronger statement, obviously. As far as our second half of 2015 guidance, I think our guidance is our guidance since we give it that way for a reason now. And I think Tony could comment on this. But there probably is some variability in there based I'd say particularly on the completion timing in the Eagle Ford to a larger degree, and to a lesser degree some timing of completion and completion of facilities in the Delaware Basin. And so we've given you the best guidance we have. But there is some variability based on exactly how that works out.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, maybe at the risk of aggravating Howard, maybe I could squeeze a third one in very quickly. And it really just goes back to the Bone Spring production numbers. I mean, they're quite stunning compared to the type curve that you just raised on the last call. So I guess my hopefully quick question would be, what do you need to see by way of well count or consistency in order to revisit that type curve, which was only just upgraded a quarter ago? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Doug, I think it's a good point. If you go back probably two or three quarters ago, our type curve was a general type curve for the entire Delaware basin and we're talking about IPs of about 750 BOEs per day and EURs of about 450,000 BOEs per day. We increased that this past quarter up to 900 and you're seeing IPs in Q2 of 1,400. So if we wanted to give you a more granular type curve based on the activity quarter to quarter, I think we could increase that. So the guys are confident that we're seeing a lot of consistency there in the southern portion of the basin. So I would think with continued well performance here and watching the data for a few months to make sure the EURs hold up as expected, the type curve could improve on the basin portion of that. And going back to a couple of calls ago, the slope work is really about the same type curve that we had a year ago and we're seeing a little bit of variability there. The returns are not as good on the slope as they are on the basin. They're not as repeatable. So certainly wouldn't want to go out on a limb and talk about a changing type curve on the slope at this point. But the southern portion of the two counties is performing extremely well as you note.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answers, Dave. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin from Société Générale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, thank you. With the Meramec, Dave, it's early days I know, but do you think you're going to have a larger oil and liquids window than you're currently indicating in today's ops report?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Tony answer that. Tony, do you think the oil window is going to grow, continue to grow?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Well, there's 50 or 60 data points out there with the industry right now and all of it is looking pretty consistent. So, I think it's a bit early to tell but the encouraging, I think the encouraging thing right now is everything at this stage of that part of the play is nothing but positive. I think with continued development there, we'll start seeing some sweet spots in some less attractive areas. But for now, industry and Devon and our partner Cimarex is drilling a lot of really positive wells. I think we only have a couple of data points on the gassy side of that fluid column. So there will be further refinement behind that. So I'd say yes, it could grow.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Another thing, John, is obviously it's gradational. So even though we may talk about a specific oil window, as you get shallower, it tends to be more. And as you get deeper it tends to get a little more liquids-rich. But it's gradational, that boundary is.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, thanks, Dave. One for Tom regarding dropdowns. In all likelihood, NGPL to go before Access as a dropdown?
Thomas L. Mitchell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I don't know, we really, John, we haven't worked through the specific timing, but it's likely that NGPL would be later than that given the state of development and Darryl may want to give you some color around that. But likely the first dropdown would be Access to the degree we decide to do that.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Darryl, I might suggest, we haven't talked much about NGPL. And why don't we give Darryl just a minute here to describe the NGPL asset so everybody understands it a little bit better and the optionality that this asset provides us.
Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain: Okay, the NGPL line that we've talked about in our disclosures is a 20 inch line that we have purchased, has not really finalized yet. We expect it will finalize end of the first quarter, early second quarter. It's subject to a couple of conditions that we feel very comfortable will be met. But it's a 20 inch line that runs from North Texas to the very south end of what industry now calls the SCOOP area. And so, it is very strategic in where it goes. Now there is a couple of different things that could happen there. First of all, that pipeline could be extended so it moves all the way through SCOOP up to the Cana area and Stack area and that's very important when we look at it, because we think as all of these plays continue to develop, that we're going to see a need for additional NGL takeaway capacity out of Oklahoma as well as residue capacity out of Oklahoma. That's a positive. The other positive is that the right-of-way that comes with this acquisition is a perpetual right-of-way. It doesn't expire and it allows us to put as many lines in that right-of-way as we can get in there and it doesn't specify for which product. So this gives us so much optionality in terms of whether it's a rich line that could move NGL and gas down to the Bridgeport plant for EnLink, whether it could be a residue gas that takes gas out of the State of Oklahoma. It could be used as an oil line. It could be used in a number of different ways. So we are very pleased that we have that asset. We think we can add on to that asset to create value either for Devon or for EnLink. So it's something we view as very positive for us, and quite frankly, positive for the industry.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Thanks, Darryl.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Heikkinen from Heikkinen Energy Advisory. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Good morning. I guess question on the Meramec map that you have on slide 14 defining the geologic boundaries to the north and to the south in the zone. I'd understood that to the north it becomes more carbonate rich and then to the south it gets a little more clay rich. And it looks like your blob corresponds to how I would have drawn it. Is that a fair geologic characterization of why that blob is where it is?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you're on to it, David. I think it's really, at least in our portion of it, it's more of a silty mudstone which provides a lot of the productivity of the interval. But I think you're describing the general trend just fine.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay, that's helpful. And then thinking about your Eagle Ford production profile and knowing BHP as the operator, you also had some facility constraints that you were working on debottlenecking. How does that production profile, surface capacity, and BHP relationship impact your 140,000 barrel a day targets that you originally had? How do you think about that growth profile heading into next year or lack thereof, I guess?
Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain: This is Darryl. As it relates to takeaway capacity, over the past four, five, six months, our midstream providers continued to work on that, and we have increased our stabilization capacity from about 140,000 barrels a day up to somewhere between 160,000 to 170,000. On any given day it can be 170,000 barrels a day and some days 160,000. So that's a significant increase in capacity, and that's gross obviously. The other area where we have increased capacity is we have put in a different truck station that will be finalized this month of October where we have the capacity to truck barrels out of that area. And that truck station is so much closer to our production area that it just keeps the barrels flowing a lot better. So from an infrastructure standpoint, we think that we are in pretty good shape when we look at the current spend profile for the rest of this year and as we start working with BHP on 2016.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: David, I know you're aware of this, but the productivity index on those wells are extremely rich. And when we do our modeling work, pace of activity is really pretty dramatic on what that forecast looks like going forward. So we continue to be optimistic on the play and the ability to grow volumes again.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: So in other words, we have the capability to go to 140,000 barrels a day from an operational perspective. It's just a question of how much capital we put into the program. And we'll be discussing that with BHP as we continue on throughout the year and seeing what the commodity price environment looks like and how much we both mutually want to spend.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Megan Repine from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Megan E. Repine - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hi, good morning, guys. I wanted to drill down on the Powder River results. How much of the 225,000 acres in the oil fairway would you say are derisked at this point? And in this commodity environment, how should we think about the pace of further derisking? And then just looking at the returns there, is there anything that would keep you at this point from accelerating activity more there?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Megan, without having my map in front of me, it's difficult for me to estimate that. But I would just estimate roughly about a quarter of our position has been derisked. The way our technical teams really try to think about this is we categorize our opportunities into different tier levels. So our top tier asset base, we've got several years of running room there. We do need to move up-dip and to the north to continue to derisk a larger area. We feel very confident. As you know, we are starting to move towards long-lateral drilling, and that has achieved everything that we had expected in our modeling work, so that is moving forward. And really, the portion of our position that has not been derisked was dependent on the long-lateral results. So right now we are extremely encouraged, and again we're focused on drilling the next best well and seeing repeatable results. Very commercial, in fact, it's probably the top three returns we have in our portfolio right now.
Megan E. Repine - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: That's helpful, thanks. And then my next question is just on refracs. Can you just discuss the major challenges that you're still trying to get answered for horizontal refracs, and then any thoughts around refracs on some oil assets anytime soon?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Megan. We've got I think a working laboratory in the Barnett. And if you look what we have refrac'd over the years, it's over 1,000 vertical wells that we have refrac'd. We've refrac'd refracs now in the Barnett about 50 times. And now we're working on horizontal refracs that we talked about. And we probably had more of those done over time than you would expect. But we're using the more recent technology of finer grade sand and more diversion, more capable diversion techniques. That's really what we're exploring right now. And so we tried chemical diversion. We tried mechanical diversion. At least in the Barnett right now, mechanical diversion techniques are working better. We're expecting quality returns in that. And so really when I look at the Barnett, it's an exciting resource base that we really haven't even talked about or tried to quantify right now, but very material to the company. And we're also using that knowledge to actually go into some of our other plays. We've refrac'd I believe about 15 or 20 wells in the vertical Wolfberry in the Permian and have seen reasonable results. Not outstanding, but we're continuing to refine that. We've refrac'd a couple of wells in the Eagle Ford and also have refrac'd a well in the Haynesville. So we're using that knowledge to go into some of our wells that were frac'd before the recent drive-in technology changed about 18 months ago and looked for good quality candidates. But there is tremendous upside with the refracs on our inventory.
Megan E. Repine - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Great, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brian.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to just follow up as you think about your cadence of well completions on the oil side going into next year. To meet your goal of growing production and then doing that within cash inflows, do you expect that you would need a greater cadence of completed wells, or is well productivity really the major driver as you look into 2016?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well productivity is the major driver. We haven't assumed anything like, well we can do this if we really draw down the inventory of wells or anything tricky like that. That's not been in our thinking at all. It's really just the improved productivity along with the lower costs and the other factors I talked about.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And along those lines, then also just to make sure we're just defining inflows correctly. That does include, I think you said this before, the potential for dropdowns from EnLink. Would you be able to hit that objective without a dropdown from EnLink?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, what I tried to clarify and you can run your own cash flow models. But I tried to clarify that we can grow oil production at between $2 billion and $2.5 billion capital program next year. And so, you can then plug in whatever oil price you want to and assumptions on drop downs, etcetera, and see how that would work out relative to cash flow I think.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then in the Wolfcamp, you talked about increasing your prospectivity by 40% to the 140,000 net acres. Can you just talk about geographically where you saw that and then where you're heading and whether you see – what type of potential you could see for even further improvements in prospective acres?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We expanded our Wolfcamp footprint across our position really because we saw a couple industry wells that were more oily than what we had previously expected. So if you look back at our map, you'll see that in southeast of Mexico, we expanded that to the west. And there's a few industry data points that you could go out and dig out that would show some really good quality work. We're still seeing a lot more activity just south of the New Mexico border that's very encouraging to us. We're going to drill about six Wolfcamp wells ourselves this year, about the same for the Leonard. So again, we think that's a great resource opportunity for us and will be incorporated into our 2016 development plans.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phillip Jungwirth from BMO. Your line is open.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning. In the release, you highlighted margin improvement from reduced operating costs and the higher value oil growth, but also note the Eagle Ford is the highest margin asset in the portfolio. So with reduced activity here, how should we think about continued margin expansion to the corporation at a static commodity price? And it might also make sense to expand upon the strong sequential decline in Permian LOE as this becomes a bigger contributor to overall volumes.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're always driving, looking at ways we can drive down the LOE. And so that's part of the goal that we have to increase the margin. So there's the opportunity there. I think that you can see that this organization is highly focused on being the best operator in each of our core areas. So there is a potential there for expansion at static prices. We don't see a big shift in the mix taking place in the volumes, but that's part of what we do is always try to drive down the cost associated with our operations.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, and then on the Haley pad, the 15% oil mix, the well exceeded the type curve of 5% oil. How sustainable is the lower GOR over the life of the well and does the increased oil mix have more to do with the new completion design or the well is being drilled towards the eastern side of the Cana development?
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would not expect the GOR to magically increase with time. I think if you look at our activity, we have drilled a lot of the Cana core inventory, so we're starting to move up dip to the north and to the east. So we're expecting a more liquid-rich fluid content as we go into the second half of the year and into 2016. So we'll still have, we've had I think about four or five wells in those areas that have been very encouraging and have been more oily. Great returns. So the performance will be moving that direction.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Michelle, we're past the top of the hour so we're going to take one more call and then call it a day.
Operator: Okay, so your final question will come from James Sullivan from Alembic Global Advisory. Your line is open.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in and obviously we covered a lot of ground here. I just want to go back to one quick thing on the refracs. Do you guys have any commentary on say alternative financing programs that are out there via service companies to do refracs? Have you guys looked at that or talked to people about that? I think Halliburton was talking about doing one just as a way of making the base maintenance cheaper for you guys or more capital efficient for you.
David A. Hager - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's a good question. We're seeing some of the larger service providers that want to have a little bit more skin in the game for some of these new ideas. We're utilizing a concept and won't talk about the individual provider in Southeast New Mexico on some of the newer technology there for our new completions. We also know that that opportunity is available for the refracs. I tell you right now, I think with the 1,000 wells that we have refrac'd in North Texas and the growing list of horizontals that we have refrac'd, I think we probably had the greatest library available in the industry right now. So we've got a great opportunity there and we're continuing to prosecute that on our own.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. Sounds great. All right, thanks. I'll let you guys jump off now.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you all for joining our conference call today. We appreciate the interest. If you have additional follow-ups, please don't hesitate to contact any of us in Investor Relations. We look forward to seeing you on the road soon. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production Darryl G. Smette - Executive VP-Marketing, Midstream & Supply Chain
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America – Merrill Lynch Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you, John, and I'd too like to welcome everyone to our first quarter 2015 analyst and investor call. Also on the call today with me are John Richels, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hager, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; along with a few other members of our senior management team. If you haven't had a chance to listen to the management commentary, you can find that, along with the associated slides and our new operations report at devonenergy.com. Additionally, we have included our forward-looking guidance in our earnings release. I hope you've had a chance to review all these documents, as today's call will largely consist of questions and answers. Finally, I'll remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates, which are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. See our 2014 Form 10-K for a review of risk factors related to our business and any potential forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Howard, and good morning, everyone. First quarter was an outstanding one for Devon and arguably one of the best from an operations perspective in the company's 40-year-plus history. Before we jump into Q&A, I'd like to highlight just a few key messages that I hope you'll take away from our earnings materials. First, our premier asset portfolio is really hitting on all cylinders. We're seeing significant operational improvements across the portfolio, with improving type curves and increasing inventory, and we're achieving meaningful capital and operating cost efficiencies. The strong operational momentum translated into top-notch first quarter performance. We exceeded our production guidance for the third consecutive quarter. We did a great job of accelerating cost savings across our portfolio, with field level operating costs coming in well below our guidance. We expect this level of excellence to continue in upcoming quarters. As a result, we have significantly raised our 2015 production outlook while at the same time reducing our full-year capital and LOE guidance by more than $400 million in aggregate. And, finally, we have a terrific balance sheet that continues to get better. When you combine the additional cash flow from our improved production outlook, our lower cost guidance, and the recent EnLink-related sales proceeds, we've enhanced our cash flow outlook by over $1 billion in just a few months. So, in summary, our focused asset portfolio is generating differentiating results and returns for shareholders. As many of you know, this will be my last quarterly call as CEO, with my planned retirement at the end of July. And I'm confident in saying that Devon has never been in better shape than it is today. We have a great set of assets, we have a very capable and experienced management team, and a rock-solid balance sheet. These winning qualities clearly offer investors a unique opportunity in the E&P space, and I firmly believe that Devon's best days are still ahead. So thanks again for joining us today, and with that I'll turn the call back to Howard for Q&A.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: Thanks, John. To make sure that we have enough time to take as many calls as possible, we'd ask that you limit yourself to one question with associated follow-ups to that question. You may reprompt to ask additional questions as time permits. So, John, with that, if you'll queue up the calls and questions, we'll go from there. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and great results today. A lot of new details, so I may jump into a more detailed question here. You introduced a Meramec type curve based upon the initial 12 wells you participated in. If I look at the map, it looks like your acreage includes oilier updip and the gassier downdip sections. Is the type curve representative of blend, or can you discuss how we should interpret that?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Evan, it's Dave Hager. Yeah, this is based more really on the results that we have to date, which is more in the oilier updip part of the play. We are going to be evaluating some as we move further down to the gassier part of the play. But the type curve you've seen is so far based on our results. We've seen the 12 wells you talked about as well as about 20 industry wells in the area.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And that's where your activity will be focused for the balance of 2015?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: The bulk of the activity is going to be focused in the oilier updip part of the play. I think we're going to draw a handful of wells down to evaluate a little further downdip, but the bulk of it is going to be in the oilier part. That's the best economics at this point.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. If I could slip just one more in. I know your DeWitt County Eagle Ford are performing – I think it's about 25% over the curve that you lifted just one quarter ago. Is that a function of coring up, enhanced completions? Can you kind of help just to kind of parse through that to understand the broader application on your locations?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, the two big things I would say are really around the enhanced completions that we're doing and then really the production optimization techniques that we're using. And so both of those we're very proud of. We think we are adding significant value to this asset with our contribution to the completion design, as well as the production enhancement techniques that we're using, coil tubing cleanouts, automation, choke management, et cetera, so the field is just performing outstanding, but those are the two big drivers.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Great results, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from Credit Suisse.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning, gentlemen. I was wondering if you guys could comment a little bit more on the Bone Spring and talk about the economic returns that you're seeing in the basin area, or location, versus slope. I believe the drilling costs are cheaper on the slope. I just wondered if you'd maybe comment on the relative returns and where the program's going to be focused in 2015.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, this is Dave again. The bulk of the program is going to be based in the basin part of the play. We have 10 of our 13 rigs working in the basin part right now. We get good economic returns in both parts of the play. So I want to emphasize that. They're just a little bit different. The slope is more a channelized deposition environment. It is more normally pressured. The well costs tend to be lower. Where, as you move down into the basin, it's a little bit deeper, it's more overpressured, and we're really – we're seeing some benefit from these enhanced higher sand concentrations up on the slope, but we really see the greatest improvement down in the basin part of the play. That's where about two-thirds of our opportunities lie. But I don't want discount the slope part of it, either. It's a good economic play. It's just a little bit different than-- it's a little lower cost and a little bit lower rate than the basin part of the plays. But the bulk of it is going to be concentrated down in the basin part, and not only in the Bone Spring, the lower part of the Bone Spring, but I'm sure you noted also the A Sand wells that we had. We talked about a second well in there, and we're really encouraged by the results we're seeing in this A Sand or upper sand in the second Bone Spring. So, Tony, do you want to add anything to that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: You covered it really well, Dave. Arun, I'd just remind you that we really started a lot of our activity on the slope initially and then moved into the basin. But, when you go back and look at the results that we've had in the slope, probably about a third of those results have been at the type curve that we just announced for the basin. So we have a lot of upside on the slope type activity, and we think as we de-risk with those three wells, we'll set ourselves up for a continued development there. So we feel very positive about going back into the slope with more development type work.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): It sounded like from your ops report you could see a potential for the inventory to increase a lot in the Bone Spring. My follow-up is just regarding the Eagle Ford. You guys talked about maybe in Q2 being a little bit facilities constrained. Could you just talk about steps that you have under way to maybe relieve some of that midstream – call it bottleneck or whatnot? And when will you have more room to continue the strong growth you've had?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Okay. I'm going to have Darryl Smette talk about this.
Darryl G. Smette - Executive VP-Marketing, Midstream & Supply Chain: Yeah, I mean, there's a number of things that we're working on with our midstream provider and with our partner out there in order to increase the capacity. A lot of that has to do with operating efficiencies. That includes getting more uptime on the stabilizer that's out there. I know currently that stabilizer has a nameplate capacity of around 170,000 barrels a day. And, historically, that has been running about 140,000, 145,000. So we're working with our midstream provider to see if we can increase that operational time. We're looking at additional compression in certain areas. We're also looking at, on the truck side of the equation, putting in delivery stations that are closer to the location so we can increase our truck activities so they don't have to drive so far. So there are just a number of things from an operational perspective that we're looking at. We also have had discussions with our midstream provider and with others about providing enhanced capacity out of the area, and those discussions continue on. But nothing has been finalized.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thanks. Congratulations on the quarter and good luck, John, on your retirement.
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: You bet. My question is a quick follow-up on the Permian Basin. You take a look at that increase to potentially 11,000 gross unrisked locations, which is obviously meaningfully higher. When you look at that in the various formations you've identified, is that fairly – should I assume that it's fairly prorated to what you already have out there on a risked basis? Or is there more upside in specific formations like the Bone Spring?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, let's talk through the – there are several areas we see upside. We see significant upside in the Bone Spring as we do these downspacing pilots that we highlighted in the operations report. We also see upside in the Bone Spring from this upper sand, this A Sand that I've been talking about, where we talked about the first two wells. So when you combine those two, there is significant potential inventory expansion because of those two factors. Additionally, in the 5,000 risked that we've been talking about historically, compared to the 11,000 unrisked number, we haven't been including anything from the Wolfcamp. We see probably four members of the Wolfcamp that are potentially prospective across Lea and Eddy counties. So that's a big driver also. Then, to a lesser degree, we do see some upside also on the Leonard and the Delaware Sands. But the two big drivers, I would say, would be the increase of potential in the Bone Spring, which again, we think is the most economic opportunity thus far in the play, and then in the Wolfcamp.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Appreciate that. And in the Eagle Ford, you did touch on – obviously the upper Eagle Ford is looking encouraging. And, Dave, what is your view on the play right now based on what you've recently seen? And if you do get more excited, is there more acreage acquisition opportunities targeting that trend?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, we probably don't talk too much about acreage acquisition opportunities. There may be some out there, but we're not going to get into detail on that too much. But I would say, from our mapping, we see the thickest part of this really being in DeWitt County over our existing acreage. We're very, very encouraged what we're seeing so far. We've had encouraging results to the northeast in Lavaca County, and as we're starting to move more into DeWitt County, we're seeing better well results. We're also learning better how to complete these wells. I think you've seen even as you can go way to the southwest beyond our DeWitt County acreage, you've seen another operator talk about encouraging results. I think they call it the Austin Chalk. And it's really the same marl formation as what we are talking about here. So we're very encouraged with the results thus far, and we still don't think we've necessarily drilled the best part of it. And so we think it is going to be a very economic play. It's a little different. It's not necessarily a shale. It's more of a marl, which is more like a limestone, really. And so your spacing may be a little bit wider. We don't know for sure. We're thinking maybe 160, but it's too early to say for sure. But we're very encouraged with what we've seen so far.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So the way I'm hearing your comments, you are increasingly becoming more optimistic at this point?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Absolutely.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And let me join – echo my congratulations. And, Dave, we're looking forward to seeing your impact, more so than you've already done already. A couple questions if I may, fellows. But maybe going back to the Eagle Ford. I guess BHP as operator has raised some concern that they wanted to kind of slow things down a little bit. I'm guessing that the infrastructure is going to kind of do that for them. But what my question really is, how do you change your capital allocation in light of the 400-odd unrisked locations in the upper Eagle Ford? And you've obviously got a much bigger opportunity set than your partner. So that's kind of my first question. I've got a second in the Permian, please.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, what we're trying to do right now, overall, Doug, is to match our activity with the availability of capacity with our infrastructure. And now we're trying to expand that capacity, and Darryl highlighted that. If you look at it, at the end of Q1, we had about 130 wells that were currently uncompleted. So we have an inventory to work through. We are staying active with drilling in the area. We have decreased the rig count a little bit, but we're getting also more wells, we're getting increased efficiencies. So we're getting more wells out of a slightly lower rig count. And so we have plenty of wells to be completed. And that's not the limiting factor. The limiting factor at this point is just solving some of these infrastructure issues, which we're confident we're going to be able to do. We are so far concentrating the bulk of our activity in the lower Eagle Ford, but we're talking to BHP about the upper Eagle Ford and plan to do some upper Eagle Ford tasks as we move into the heart of the play, which we think would be over the acreage we have with BHP in DeWitt County.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that. Thank you. But my follow-up in the Permian, obviously that's a more than potential double on your inventory. I'm just curious if – on the downspacing I guess in the Bone Spring – I'm curious, does that upside include the delineation or testing on the Wolfcamp? Or is that still ahead of us? And if so, again, how does (17:27) capital allocation go in your Delaware position? And I'll leave it there.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: When we look at the table that we've referenced in some of our previous disclosures, Doug, we've included no locations for the Wolfcamp. And we've been focused on the second Bone Springs, again because of the returns are higher in that particular pay horizon than others. But we still have a lot of industry activity in and around our position in the Wolfcamp. So we're optimistic. We're building out the technical plans for a rig line right now in the Wolfcamp, and we'll probably drill – out of the 150 gross wells that we'll drill in the Delaware, about half a dozen of those will be in the Wolfcamp this year, and another half a dozen will be in the Leonard. But the focus again continues to be the second Bone Springs just because we're trying to maximize returns in this environment.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear, that greater than 11,000 mentioned in the ops report, is there any Wolfcamp in there or not?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: There is on the gross expected locations of 11,000. There's not in the net risked count that we've disclosed.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America – Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes, good morning, gentleman, and congratulations also from me to you, John. If I could just bang a little bit more on the Bone Springs results, because this really so tantalizing. Dave, if I remember, about a year ago, I think, when you guys were expanding your – or one of the many times you expanded your inventory in the Bone Springs, at one point you described the logs out here as just like railroad tracks, like it's hard to see what makes one zone different from the other. And, as I'm looking at this now, can you give a bit of a narrative on why it is that you're looking at the upper now, and what's appealing to you? And I guess that would also go for the third Bone Springs, which is – you're going to do in one of your pilots. And what led you to that? And what could be in the future?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I remember giving that description. I think that the short answer is that you have to test these wells really to know how successful you are going to be. And that's what we've – we decided to do some tests in the upper Bone Spring, and we're continuing to appraise other areas, but it does take testing to really understand just how good they are. So, Tony, you want to expand on that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Sure will. Charles, I think the technical guys are doing a lot better job now of calibrating all the surface data we have, and of course we're getting a lot more control points as we continue to test. They're looking at micro-seismic results, and we're trying to understand what kind of a stimulator rock volume that we contact when we do our frac work there, and I think that what we're generally seeing is that while we're landing and spending most of our concentrated energy in the lower portions of the second Bone Springs, we know we're contacting a little bit upward into the middle, but we haven't seen evidence that we're contacting into the very upper portion of the second Bone. So it's really just, as we do in a lot of these type of plays where the rock is not that favorable or certainly not that obvious from first inspection, it takes a little bit more science to uncover that, and a lot of the subsurface data points just gives us a little bit more information to lead our developments down the road.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then, following up on the type curve adjustment you guys had. So you bumped the IPs by about 60%, but on your operations report, the graph right above there says your cum through 180 days is also up 60%. And so it looks like that's not just an IP effect but it's a sustained effect that you're seeing, sustained production uplift. So, if I put those two pieces together, it looks like the EUR is – maybe this is what you mean by the (21:41) but that EUR of 600 MBoe really looks to me like that's going to go higher. Is that -
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, that is an increase, Charles, from – if you go back a couple quarters, we said 450 MBoe plus. And I made the flippant comment it could've been plus, plus, plus, if I remember right.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Right.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, so now we are saying 600 MBoe in the basin. And I think what – the comment that Tony also made earlier, I hope you caught that, is about a third of the wells we're drilling up in the slope are following the basin curve. And we haven't increased it on the slope yet, but we have some evidence so far that we may have some better results coming in the future on the slope as well. But that is an increase from – we've never come out with that 600 MBoe number specifically. Before we just said 450 MBoe plus.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, Dave.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: And there may be some upside in the basin from that also, frankly. But we'll see how it goes.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Right, right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Morning, and I'd like to also begin by saying happy trails to John.
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jeff.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: You've certainly left Devon a much better company than it was when you took over. I wanted to actually talk about the Powder River Basin Parkman results, because I thought they were really quite impressive, particularly since some peers have retreated from the area during the downturn. I just wanted to ask a couple of things. If you want to count it as two questions, it's fine with me. What percentage of your focus area can support the 9,600-foot laterals that you highlighted? Will you drill shorter laterals where the geometry of the acreage requires it? And, finally, will you take your Parkman approach to the Turner or to the Frontier and see if they can show similar uplift?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Thanks for noticing the results, Jeff. I think what we spent is – if you go back in 2013, early portion of 2014, we spent a lot of our capital on the efforts really delineating a very large, broad area there in the Powder, as you know. And we have centered in on a couple of what we call sweet spots in the Parkman and in the Turner. So the work that you're seeing now is us being able to confirm repeated high return-type work in those sweet spots. And most of that has been in the Parkman. We find that there's a great uplift with extended laterals, and we will continue to do that when possible. We also find that we're bringing on – starting to bring on some extended Turner wells right now, so we'll have a little bit better knowledge of what that will look like. But I would expect the Turner to follow the Parkman results. And in terms of the total inventory, I think we've commented that we have about 1,000 locations in the Powder. We picked up a little bit more acreage in Q1 and supported our Tier 1 position in the Parkman and Turner. That adds to that location count. So on a normal lateral basis, that location count goes up a few hundred if not 300 more locations, but really goes up to 1,450 as I see in the operations report now. But we're trying to reduce that by drilling the extended-reach wells, and we think that if we can do that and core up our position, we can drop that to about 800 and see the results that you just saw this last quarter. So we're very excited about the Powder position right now.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good morning, gentleman. Maybe if I could follow up with a couple questions on capital allocation. I guess one in the near term in 2015, if limitations persisted from the second quarter on, in terms of the debottlenecking in the Eagle Ford, what's your ability to deploy capital elsewhere in the portfolio? Can you make up the difference by accelerating activity in the Permian or the Anadarko Basin?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, we don't really see that the limitations that we're seeing in the Eagle Ford at this point are going to really change our capital requirements there on a very significant level at all. So it's kind of a hypothetical question, I guess you'd say, because we just don't see that to be a limiting factor. Now, obviously, in the future – I'll expand your question. Longer term, we absolutely plan to increase our rig count in the Permian and in the Delaware Basin, because we are expanding the inventory so much. Now, we don't see that so much as a 2015 event at this point. We're balancing our cash flows with our returns and the available infrastructure and the other limitations, permits, et cetera, that we have in the Delaware Basin. But longer term, we absolutely plan to expand our activity in the Delaware Basin and most likely in other plays, such as the – up in the Powder River Basin as well. And we have scope eventually as prices improve to deploy more capital also in the Cana-Woodford area. So we have a lot of opportunities in the inventory, but we don't see a significant change to where we're spending the money in 2015.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great and maybe that segues into a discussion on 2016 on the allocation of capital. But can you talk a little bit about moving pieces in the portfolio, maybe in the case of a flat year-on-year CapEx environment? How much spend do you have rolling off year on year from 2015 to 2016 in areas like the oil sands or other places that would allow for incremental dollars to flow into places like the Eagle Ford, the Permian, and the Anadarko? And then with incremental – as you think about incremental capital growth from 2016 and beyond, can you rank maybe where the dollars go back into in terms of Eagle Ford versus Permian versus the Anadarko or other?
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ryan, when you think about where we're allocating our capital this year and what – where you might, to your question, where you might drop some capital in the future, we're spending about $700 million this year in Canada. That was largely as a result of some ongoing projects that were well under way, and also the engineering and delineation appraisal work that we're doing on Pike. And so, on a going-forward basis, that could drop to somewhere around $200 million, $250 million just for the ongoing maintenance capital for the oil sands. So that drives the $500 million, I guess, of less expenditure there. We also had some expenditures this year as we were finishing up the program in the Miss and the Southern Midland Basin that you could see curtailing next year. So those additions – and then costs, of course. We're seeing costs go down significantly as we discussed, and we still think by year-end, we'll see costs 20% or 25% below where they were in the fourth quarter of 2014. So that rolls through as well. So there's some fairly significant chunks that you could see coming off. And it's a little hard to force rank. There's no question that our Eagle Ford is giving the best returns in our portfolio. But after that, as you look at the Delaware Basin, some of the work that we're doing in the Anadarko Basin, and as Dave said earlier, and Tony, the really positive results that we've seen in the Parkman, in the Rockies, they kind of fall into that next bucket. And you'd kind of be making decisions there not based on a full basin analysis but on incremental rigs and where you're drilling within those basins. So, as Dave said, we've got lots of opportunities, and if we were in that flat pricing environment, we also have some additional cash that frees up.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin from Société Générale.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, hi. Just a quick one from the ops report. In the Eagle Ford, you mentioned that you're using a diverter and 100 mesh sand. Can you address that a little bit? Are you trying to put more sand at individual intervals, Dave? What's going on there?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: John, this is Tony. John, we're taking a engineered approach to our completion work in the Eagle Ford, so we're capturing a lot more science than we historically have done. We are trying to look at the rock that we drilled with our open-hole logs and design our fracs according to what we think will be successful to pump our jobs away. So we are using the 100 mesh trying to increase the total volume of sand into the wells, but we're also trying to be thoughtful in where we place that. And I think when you look at the results that we're seeing there, we've increased the results from our completions. We're also working with BHP, and their design is also changing greatly over the last year that we've been involved with them. Their completion results are also being upgraded as well. So I think between the two of us taking a slightly different approach, we are driving our completion results to be much more effective than we have in the past.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Yeah, John, I'm going to echo my sentiments for a happy retirement, and congrats on what you've done at Devon.
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: If I just think – I want to go back to the Eagle Ford. And if I start thinking about big picture, I mean, you're adding 20,000 – or you added whatever you added, 23,000 barrels, I guess. 24,000 barrels during the quarter. When you start talking about 170,000 and I know you can go over nameplate, how should we think about this asset in 2016, I guess? Do you kind of ramp to that 180,000 level, and kind of sit at that level? Or how should we think about that?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, we aren't giving specific 2016 guidance at this point, David. But I can tell you we're real happy with how it's performed. And I think one of the key things is also going to be just how successful we are in debottlenecking the infrastructure here, and that's going to determine to some degree what our 2016 production is. But you can see we're just producing outstanding results, and until we work through the debottlenecking and we really work through our whole capital allocation, we're just trying to not get in too much detail at this point about 2016 production, I guess you'd say. But we're certainly very happy with the results we've had thus far.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Let me ask another question, just thinking about 2016. Kind of what's your framework or how should we think about your framework for – no matter what the price environment, whether it's $50, $70, $80, $60, whatever the number is, kind of what's your goal from a corporate perspective as far as cash flow, CapEx? How should we think about that?
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, David, yeah, we said before that within some reasonable limits going forward, we want to live somewhere around cash flow, but cash flow can be different things. There's the operating cash flow. We also have other levers that we have been able to pull in the past. And so it's just a – we've got a lot of flexibility. It's a great thing about having a very strong balance sheet and a strong financial position in a tough market. But, philosophically, over time, we want to balance our capital expenditures somewhere close to what our cash flow is.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I'll leave it at that. Congrats on a good quarter, and good operational detail. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Brian.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Congrats to John and Dave. On the Meramec, you've now derisked 60,000 acres, and wanted to see both what portion of the remaining 220,000 acres has scope for the oil window, what your delineation plans are there? And then, when you look at a well being drilled there, I think you talked about 51% overall liquids, how you see that changing if at all through the life of the well?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Brian, this is Tony. Brian, just – I think what we highlighted in our operations report is we had about 60,000 acres exposed to the – what we call the oil and liquids-rich window. Industry and Devon and our partner, we're currently delineating the fluid gradients through – across the field. But order of magnitude, I would estimate that our exposure just to the low-GOR oily window would be, order of magnitude, of about – less than 5,000 acres. Most of our exposure is going to be what I would call the condensate liquid-rich window, and that would be the 60,000 acres – largely the 60,000 acres, Brian.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then, does the well have a disproportionately higher liquids content initially? Or is it kind of 51% overall through the life, in your estimates?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Well, we really don't have a lot of historical performance to look at that, but we're expecting that the performance and really the liquid content will mimic a lot of the results we've already seen in the Cana-Woodford portion of our play there. Not a lot of difference at this time, but I got to tell you, Brian, it's real early. Not a lot of performance data to tell us that.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then, lastly, in the Permian, a lot of time spent talking about the Delaware Basin, obviously a lot of improvements and efficiencies going on there. I wonder if the extent of that opportunity set makes the meager Midland Basin assets less strategic in how you're thinking about the Midland?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, we always look at our portfolio, Brian. That's, I think, one thing you can say about Devon. If you look at what we've done over the last two years that we have really high-graded a portfolio, and we don't ever consider that job fully finished. We think part of our job is to bring in top-tier assets, and then when assets can be more effectively handled by somebody else or create more value through a transaction, we'll consider that. So I'm not going to get too specific on the Midland Basin, I wouldn't say. We like Martin County, and we've had some historical success in the Southern Midland Basin and Wolfcamp, not quite as strong of economics over there, though, obviously. So we are constantly looking at what's the best return for our shareholders overall as far as whether should keep or do something with it. And certainly, the answer to this question is oil price dependent also. If oil prices move up, it significantly impacts the economics of our Midland Basin opportunities. So it's not just a – you have to evaluate it pretty carefully in different oil price scenarios.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next comes from the line of James Sullivan from Alembic Global.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Hey. Good morning, folks. Congrats to John and Dave both, also. Could you just remind me, to hop back over to the Bone Spring again, what is the average lateral length you guys are drilling out there right now? And what are you using for your type well? What is that based on in terms of a lateral length?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: These are just normal laterals, so they're about 5,000 feet at this point. We do like the opportunity to drill extended laterals or extended-reach wells when we can. And so, as we move into some of the other horizons, maybe the Wolfcamp and Leonard, you're going to see us move up into maybe the 7,500-foot lateral length. But, for now, most of our work and certainly the type curves are based on a 5,000-foot lateral.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay. Great. Just to follow up on that point, and I guess what I'm trying to get at here is, I know folks have talked about it a little bit more with the Wolfcamp, but is it a priority for you, as the focus continues to be the second Bone Spring, is it a priority for you to block off your acreage to give yourselves more double sections to drill longer laterals for the second Bone Spring? I know you do have a couple of blockier areas where you can do that already. But maybe more opportunity to do that. Is it a priority for you guys? And if it is, would you consider a bigger, more comprehensive kind of acreage swap with one of the other operators in the basin there?
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, we would. We're always trying to block up acreage everywhere we work. The Delaware Basin is an area that, as you know, we're committed to. So we would love to have both a larger footprint and a more contiguous footprint, so our guys are always trying to work those opportunities. And we'll continue to expand the position and get our footprint to the point we can have the most optimum development plan possible. So, yeah, I think we would be interested in considering a trade to core up our position there.
James Sullivan - Alembic Global Advisors LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Grigel from Macquarie.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Most have been asked. Just wanted to get the latest thoughts on looking at 2016 in regards to hedging? And if there's a plan for instituting some hedges, a little bit more agnostic of prices or if it'll be a little bit more active? Or if you prefer to enter the year, depending on prices, without hedges?
Darryl G. Smette - Executive VP-Marketing, Midstream & Supply Chain: Yeah, this is Darryl. As we've said before, we would like, over any given point in time, to have about 50% of our oil and our natural gas financially hedged. Currently, we have no hedges for 2016, although we're very well hedged for 2015. Our current thought is that as we look at commodity prices, we think there's a lot more room for upside than there is downside. And so we have not executed on 2016. We do have a process by which we consider hedging opportunities every couple weeks within our company. And so while we'll not give you any specific prices under which we would hedge, it is an ongoing discussion. But again, our overall thought is that we'd like to have about 50% of our oil and gas hedged at any given point in time. So it's something we look at all the time, continue to look at. But in the current price environment, when we look at the natural gas and the oil strip for 2016, it's not something that excites us.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sameer Uplenchwar from GMP Securities.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: Hi, good morning, guys. And congrats, John. And best of luck for you in the retirement.
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Sameer.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: What I'm trying to understand is, if I'm looking at 2016 – I know this question has been asked before; I'm just trying to get a direct answer. Is – what do you need to see to put rigs back to work, like, from a cost perspective? From an oil price perspective? Gas price perspective? Just trying to understand, because right now we're in a low price environment. But what happens in second half 2015 if prices move higher? How should we think about that?
John Richels - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Sameer, that's obviously a hard question to answer, and we're not trying to be evasive about 2016, but we're so early in thinking about 2016, and there are so many variabilities – costs and prices and all of the other variables that go into that. But I think what we would say is, whatever the price is, we're going to focus our efforts next year in the areas where we're going to drive the highest returns, or get the best rate of returns. And there are going to be some funds for that that will be available to us in even the next – in those really good areas where we've been driving the higher rates of return for next year. So, because we'll spend less dollars in a couple of the other places that we're committed to going into 2015. So there's just a whole lot of variables right now, and we're so early in the process in determining what 2016 looks like, it's really hard for us to give you an answer there. But you ought to feel that – take away from this that our focus on the Eagle Ford, on the Delaware Basin, this emerging opportunity we have in the Rockies, which looks pretty good, are all areas that are going to drive high rates of return, and we'll focus on those areas whatever our capital budget ends up being.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: Perfect. And then, on a broader basis, everybody's, including Devon's, well results continue to improve in the Eagle Ford and Bone Springs. I'm just trying to understand, what is Devon doing differently versus peers? And where is Devon leveraging on peers or partners, and just trying to get an idea about that longer laterals completion designs, or what have you? Thank you.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Well, if I understood the question, what we're doing in the Bone Spring that's different, I think two things. One, we have some of the best geology for the Bone Spring, and so our acreage happens to be located where some of the best Bone Spring opportunities are. And, second, we think we are leading the industry in our completion technology. We have really made a conscious decision to step out and test various size sand concentrations and stepping up to 3,000 pounds of sand per foot and that too in some areas, so we can really understand what's the right size completion to put on each of our specific areas. And it's obviously a price-dependent issue as well. So, I think what are we doing to lead the way in the Bone Springs? We're fortunate we have good geology. I think we have a good appraisal program going on, a good development program. And we're testing the various zones, and we are really, I think, leading the way with our completions at this point in the industry also. So, Tony, you want to add to that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Yeah, Sameer, I think what I'd add to you, and we talked about this at the last call. But our technical teams are putting a lot more science and a lot more work into the subsurface characterizations of the projects we work on. So we're taking a lot more cores, pressures, temperatures. We have fiber optics in all the plays that we're currently working, so we're able to calibrate all that information. On the execution side, the guys are doing a really good work. I think we've talked about standing up our well-con (46:25) center. So we're maintaining – we have 24-hour coverage of every drill bit that we're operating right now. So we're keeping the wells, the trajectory flat. We're keeping them in zone more than we have in the past. All that's really adding to a better completion. It's hard to measure the work that we do and where it ends up, but I think the outperformance that you've seen in the last couple quarters has been associated with just some good quality work from our technical people.
Sameer Uplenchwar - GMP Securities LP: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers Investments.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Wow, this is like Christmas. Back here again. Thank you. Let me ask two real quick questions. The first one is with regard to the second Bone Spring stacking test, the stacking pilots. The first – the Pilot 3 and Pilot 4, are those located in the basin area? And Pilot 5, because it's got a third Bone Spring well in it, is it located someplace else?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: They're mostly in the basin. We have several pilots there, but I'd also let you know that we've got a couple up on the slope. So we're testing the downspacing concept mostly in the second Bone Spring. But we're trying to understand the relationship when these staggered laterals approach and just simply the downspacing in the same interval. We're testing these concepts in original pressured environments. We're also testing these concepts in partially depleted areas to know what we might be able to come back to and further develop our current position in.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, that's great. The other quick question I just wanted to ask. Slide 16, in the Anadarko, you showed a number of zones of interest. Was just wondering if you guys have tested or have any plan to test the Springer? Some of the peers in the mid-con are calling the Springer comparable or superior to the stack. Thank you.
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Well, we do have exposure to other intervals inside of the Mississippian there, and so our guys are looking at all of these intervals. We don't have a lot of data to talk about at this point, but we're not oblivious to some of these other opportunities, and we will be testing some of these with time.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
David A. Hager - Chief Operating Officer: Looking at the queue, it looks like we're getting fairly near the end of the calls, but I was thinking – there's one area we thought we might be asked about and we haven't been and I may, since we have a couple minutes here, I might ask Tony just to make a comment about it, our refrac program in the Barnett. And this is a program that we're really proud of how it's proceeding so far, and we see some real upside associated with that. So, Tony, you want to make a comment on that?
Tony D. Vaughn - Executive Vice President-Exploration & Production: Sure. Dave, like you mentioned, we were expecting a call on our refracs. We've heard a lot of that from our shareholders in the past. And I guess I want to – or kind of summarize the work that we're doing. We're excited about this opportunity across our entire position. We've seen such a dramatic improvement in our completion results with the newer technology that we're incorporating on our original completions that we've gone back and are starting to test some of these new completion techniques with our existing producers. We've already completed about 50 refracs on vertical wells in the Barnett, all with outstanding results, very commercial. We intend to complete a program of about 200 for 2015. We've also – have completed about eight to 10 jobs on horizontal wells in the Barnett on what I would call partially depleted wells. We're encouraged by the work we're seeing there. We're – continue to test that consent. We have also – are testing refracs across the remaining portion of our portfolio. We've tested some in the shallow-water portions of the Permian Basin oil play and also in the Haynesville. We're designing refracs right now for the Eagle Ford and the Cana-Woodford projects. Overall, we understand that there's going to be technical challenges associated with a refrac program. Trying to control where you place the sand is going to be more difficult, but we're doing some real creative work in using science in our North Texas horizontal program to test both chemical diversion and mechanical diversion techniques, and we're encouraged by the work that we are seeing there. So we're using all the technology available, employing all the science that we have from these existing properties that we've been so active in, in the past, and we're just extremely positive about it. We think this could be a significant game changer for a property like the Barnett Shale. We work pretty hard to keep our rate flat at 1.2 Bcf a day, and the guys have done a lot of good work with artificial lift and line pressure reductions. We think this refrac program could be a potential game-changer for the Barnett.
Howard J. Thill - Senior VP-Communications & Investor Relations: With that, and no questions remaining in the queue, we'd like to thank you for your time and interest in Devon and your thoughtful questions. If you have any follow-ups, please don't hesitate to call Scott, Shea, or myself, and have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Thill - SVP, Communications and IR John Richels - President and CEO David Hager - COO Darryl Smette - EVP, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain Tony Vaughn - EVP, Exploration and Production Tom Mitchell - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Partners David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities Bob Brackett - Sanford Bernstein Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Michael Rowe - TPH James Sullivan - Alembic Global David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse John Herrlin - Société Générale Kapil Singh - DoubleLine Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Courtney and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Devon Energy Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Howard Thill: Thank you, Courtney and good morning everyone. Welcome to Devon’s fourth quarter conference and webcast call. I am Howard Thill, Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations as Courtney told you for Devon Energy. Also on the call today are John Richels, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hager, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer along with a few other members of our senior management team. If you haven’t had a chance to listen to the management commentary, you can find that along with the associated slides and our new operations report at devonenergy.com. Additionally, we have included our forward-looking guidance in our earnings release. I hope you've all had a chance to review those documents as today’s call will largely consist of Q&A. Finally, I’d remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call will contain plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates which are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. For a review of risk factors relating to these estimates, see our Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Howard. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. You have a lot of detail in the operations report that was posted last night I sure hope that you’d like that new disclosure and you find the report very helpful as you work your way through the information. Just before we jump into Q&A, I just like to make a couple of points. The past year was an important really transformational year for Devon and the Company delivered what we think were some outstanding results in 2014. As we discuss our 2014 results today and our outlook for 2015, I hope you come away with three important messages. First, the dramatic portfolio transformation that we accomplished in 2014 has resulted in Devon having a top tier asset portfolio with a deep inventory of high rate of return investment opportunities and years of running room. Secondly, we’re approaching 2015 with caution and with a view to maintaining flexibility given the challenging business environment. With that in mind, we’re laser focused on execution which is allowing us to decrease E&P capital spending by roughly 20% in 2015 without any reduction in our previous total production growth guidance or our previous guidance of 20% to 25% oil production growth. And lastly, we have a terrific balance sheet that continues to be one of the strongest in the E&P sector and we have a very strong hedge position, ample liquidity and a number of other financial leverage that give us superior financial strength and flexibility in the current business environment. So in spite of the challenging macro environment, we think we are very well poised to deliver superior returns for our shareholders in the upcoming years. Again thank you for joining us and with that I’ll turn the call over to Howard to start the Q&A. Howard?
Howard Thill: Thanks John. And before we start, I’d ask you to make certain that we can get as many people as possible on the call that you limit yourself to two questions. And you can re-prompt to ask additional questions as time may permit. So Courtney with that we’re ready to take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: If I may take prospectus first of all on the increase in the type curve on the Eagle Ford I guess I was looking for some incremental disclosure on the rest of the Eagle Ford position Lavaca I guess the Upper Eagle Ford inventory potential because the reserve life there rather the drilling life is still relatively short and in the current price oil environment I am just curious as to how do you think about that inventory as we go forward? And I’ve got a quick follow-up please.
David Hager: Hi Doug this is Dave. Well, we’re very encouraged with what we’re seeing obviously in the Eagle Ford we’re up the type curve due to the results that we’ve had with our optimized completions. We also -- the production optimization specifically the choke management have yielded outstanding results and you can see highlighted some increase in the type curve and then a few incredibly great wells, greater than 3,000 Boe per day on a 30 day IP. We have decreased the drilling activity somewhat in the -- or the rig activity somewhat in the Eagle Ford we’ve dropped down we were thinking we’re going to go from around 15 to 16 rigs, we’re down around 10 rigs in DeWitt County and then we’ll be drilling some wells in Lavaca County this year and we will also continue appraising the Upper Eagle Ford. We’re very encouraged with earlier results that we see in the Upper Eagle Ford at this point. Lavaca County is still a part of the overall program. I have talked about previously how it’s a little bit thinner over there you don’t get quite the rates in the EUR as you do in the other and given the current commodity price environment we think it’s prudent to focus our activity in DeWitt County but we have a strategy for holding on to the Lavaca County acreage and that will be part of our go forward program when commodity prices recover somewhat. So we still have Lavaca it is there the DeWitt County and the Lower Eagle Ford just keeps getting better and we still don’t have the results from the Devon completion that we did here and start coming online here at the first year, but these are from the revised BHP completions, we think took us about 80% away to where we want to go with the completions on and that’s getting significantly better and the earlier results on the Upper Eagle Ford are encouraging. We just need to get more appraisal activity. So I think overall it’s positive and with the lower growing activity and with the Upper Eagle Ford potential there, there is potential for lengthening the inventory that we have.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer Dave, hopefully my second questions will quicker. Obviously there is a lot debate over how quickly and what scale of cost reduction the industry can expect in this lower oil price environment so I was just -- if you could give us Devon’s perspective please in terms of what have you assumed in your capital budget by way of cost reduction and then ultimately where do you think it can get to sort of by year-end as opposed to the average for the year? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
David Hager: I think your question was quick on the first one my answer was long so it wasn’t your fault, but I’m going to turn it over to Darryl Smette he is going to talk a little bit about the cost reduction.
Darryl Smette: Yes Doug, just to kind of set the basis here what I’m going to do is give you some numbers and they’re going to be in relationship to the cost environment we saw in the fourth quarter of 2014. So what we’ve seen so far is a cost reduction on different phases of our CapEx from drilling rigs to drill bit to LTG those types of things of about 10% compared to the fourth quarter. We are still in meaningful discussions with all of our equipment and service providers. We have high hopes that we will continue to drive additional cost out of that system. Right now we’re hoping that we could get an additional 10% to 15% by year-end. What we have currently in our budget is a 10% reduction from fourth quarter and that does not include any efficiency as it we might gain from our operational people that is just price related to our service providers.
Doug Leggate: So 25% would be the total dollar just to be clear?
Darryl Smette: That would be a comparison of fourth quarter 2014 versus fourth quarter 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Subash Chandra with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra: First question is on the uncompleted inventory, how do you see that exiting ’15 versus ’14?
David Hager: Yes this is Dave again. Talking specifically in the Eagle Ford, we had about 150 wells they were not completed at the end of 2014. We have decreased our completion crews out there. We did have nine crews working at one point. We’ve started five. We added four more, two of which were Devon operated. We’ve gone from nine down to four at this point three of which are BHP operated, one of which is Devon operated. The Devon operated crew is also in DeWitt County. We’re going to do a few more wells there and then we’re going to move it to Lavaca County and then after that we’ll be dropping that completion crew also. Having said all that we do anticipate the uncompleted inventory in Eagle Ford to basically have by the end of the year. So somewhere on the order of 70-75 uncompleted wells there. The other key area I’d say that we have an uncompleted inventory is in the Delaware Basin and the Permian Basin overall we have about 55 or so wells in the Permian Basin I think about 35 in the Delaware Basin that are uncompleted and that’s going to be part of the basis of our growth as we move into 2015 as we drive that inventory down to probably more on the order of 20 to 25 uncompleted wells by the end of ’15. So we’re taking a measured approach at this in light of the current price environment but we will be driving the inventory down.
Subash Chandra: And a follow-up I guess I will wait for some details in the K but any sort of flavor you can add for the ’14 reserves sort of where the hits and misses or the highs and lows were as far as reserve credit you might may or may not have gotten?
David Hager: Take a shot John and I will add to it.
John Richels: So Subash, what we look in our 2014 I mean some of the big pieces, and you’re right you’ll be able to get lot more detail but some of the highlights of that I guess was the light oil reserve additions were very-very strong we actually added about 200% of our light oil 2014 light oil production to the extent there were some downward revisions they were largely gas as a result of the five year rule if my memory serves me correct I think it’s 74 million barrels were related to that. So they’re just off because we’re not developing that gas right now and it will come back at the right time. Dave, do you have anything to add to that?
David Hager: I think that’s the key we had extensions discoveries around 200 million barrels or so and we purchase of about 265 million barrels we had revisions other than price of negative 65 million and that was essentially all of that and although more it was due to the five year rule so that’s the key highlight. So we think when we put it all together from a all-in F&D standpoint or drill bit F&D we had very competitive metrics.
Subash Chandra: Yes, I guess I was sort of looking at in context of what you’d spent in ’14 versus ’13, look to be a bit more and with revisions or say even without revisions look to be about the same as the prior year if there was any read through in that?
David Hager: Well, the one thing you have to keep in mind in general when you’re thinking about F&D is that as we shift to oil the F&D maybe a little bit higher but it’s still has the value equation makes it more than worthwhile as you still are on from a returns standpoint you still get much higher returns. But as you make the shift like we have to oil, oil F&D tends to be a little bit higher.
Subash Chandra: Okay, that is all. Thank you.
John Richels: And as we said Subash the bulk of that or a big piece of that reserve addition was on the light oil side which is our highest margin product as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David Tameron: If I think about the ability to ramp in the second half of the year and kind of how you guys are with price sensitivity and I assume like every other E&P company you’ve run 10-15 different scenarios since October-November. But how should we think about if oil comes back to 65, what’s that look like can you just give some general framework and thoughts around that?
David Hager: Yes this is Dave again. Well there’re a lot of variables that go into that equation and we’re going to give you a fairly non-specific answer here because of that. But we have to look at also what is the cost environment if oil does go back we have to look at what returns we’re getting in each of those plays, what the takeaway capacity is, what the drilling results are, et cetera. So there is -- it's ought to be too specific on that I would say that the key thing is we have a lot of flexibility both to take capital down or to take capital back up. The vast majority of our rigs are on a well-to-well basis. We have very few on a long-term contract. Almost all of our acreage is held by production. So there is no concern with drilling wells just to retain acreage. So we have all the flexibility. So we’ll assess that situation if that were to occur and make the right call understanding we are looking at first the returns at a well level and then second what’s our balance sheet look like.
David Tameron: And one follow-up on that, if I think about 2016 let’s say I know it’s long ways out. But if I think about oil and where it’s at and let’s say you get those 25% reductions on the service side that you’re targeting by 4Q. Does that set up a scenario where 2016 and I guess would that set up a scenario where margins come in sets the 2016 looks similar to what you would have done in 2013-2014 just at a lower price band. Does that make sense?
David Hager: Yes, I understand what you are trying to scribe there David. Well, it’s possible that’s true from I think in that scenario and again there is a lot of variables go in there so it’s hard to say for sure. But I think you could paint a scenario where you could be getting similar type returns to what you’re talking about in 2013-2014, you would have to also then consider though the cash flow for the company and the desire that we want to say with a strong balance sheet. So, obviously 65 to 70 you would have lower cash flow than you would have had at $90 a barrel. Having said that, we’re also looking at in addition to what we have talked about we have a lot of productivity gains that we’ve been able to get here through the improved completion design. And so I think at the well level you could just paint a scenario where you could have very-very good returns in that kind of price environment. I think you’d have to look at the overall cash flow for the company and just say how much capital do you want to spend and then maintain a strong balance sheet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: I have a question about the JVs and how you allocate capital in the Eagle Ford that BHP JV, how do you develop that plan, do they put forward a plan for the number of rigs and you either consent or not consent or you do it interactively?
David Hager: Tony Vaughn our Head of E&P is in the room and we’re going to turn the call over to Tony, he was probably the closest of any of us with BHP and we’ll have him answer that.
Tony Vaughn: Hi Bob this is Tony. I appreciate your question. We do work very closely with BHP. We actually have some of our engineers accounted into the BHP office so it’s very close working relationship. As you know we were running about 15 rigs in DeWitt County three and our Lavaca County work. We jointly decided to reduce activity on the DeWitt side of the business back to 10 it affords us the opportunity to actually high grade the completions and you can see that the type curve was increased from about 1,200 up to 1600 Boe, 1,650 Boes per day but the average for the last quarter was all the way up to 2,100 Boes per day. So it’s really a joint effort. We have a concept of working in a project team environment between the two companies and a lot of synergies there bring all of our technical skills to the table and we just jointly work that process.
Bob Brackett: Okay. And then a similar JV question on this line it looks like you still have some money left on the carry, why not go ahead and use up that carry since you got at 70%?
Tony Vaughn: Well, that carry is fungible. So we can move it, if you remember the original was the set up in five different plays and we can use that carry up in the Rockies as well and that’s our intention to use rest of it. The JV money the signer pack is in the Turner and below but they’re not in the Parkman but we will be drilling some Turner wells and that will use up that remaining JV carry and we think that’s the most efficient place to do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles Meade: I’m wondering on the NGL front the guidance you guys gave for pricing surprised me a little bit and I’m wondering from your advantage business point at both a producer but also operating EnLink if you could talk about how you see that market evolving over the course of the year?
Darryl Smette: Yes, this is Darryl. Obviously NGL prices have really taken a hit. Starting a couple of years ago but just in the last three or four months that has deteriorated even further. There is a couple of things at work there. First of all we’ve had, because of the success the industry has had, we’ve had a tremendous amount of new NGL that has come on to market and that is including virtually all the products but primarily ethane and propane. Over the last few months what you’ve seen is the deterioration in the propane price and that has been caused by a couple of different things, number one the increase in supply but in the middle part of 2014 and early in 2014 we were able to export large portion of that propane internationally because of the downturn in the economies and the low crude oil prices now the crude oil Napa price is able to compete internationally with propane. So the propane price internationally plus the cost does not make that a good exportable product right now. So that has really backed up propane and caused a large growth in storage. As we go forward we don’t see, and let me just add to that, what we had is a very mild winter in some parts of the country especially early on in November and December and so there was on the propane side a number of demand scenarios that didn’t play out because of that warm weather. As we move through the year it’s going to take a while to work off that propane supply. So while we might see some improvement, we have seen some improvement in the last 30 days or so. We still think that propane is going to be under pressure. We do think ethane will continue to be under pressure simply because of all the ethane that is out there. We do not think ethane will start trading above the Btu equivalent of gas until we get into the late 2016 maybe early 2017 as additional pet Cam plants come on-stream. Even though there are some export facilities that will be available at least on the water coming in the next year or two in the current environment we don’t see that helping a lot. So we think ethane is going to continue be under pressure for the next year and a half or so and we think propane as we go through the summer months may improve a bit at least in the near-term that doesn’t give us much hope either.
Charles Meade: That is a lot of great detail and I’m sure some of the people on the call up in the Northeast are wondering about that mild winter you’re talking about but on the different front your thermal oil in Canada, can you talk a bit about how that asset I know the operational performance looks great, but I’m wondering if you can talking more broad sense how that asset looks in your portfolio now and if you -- how it compares to your light tight opportunities and particularly with the performance but also I know there is a different tax regime up there and all that sort of thing?
Darryl Smette: Charles, when you look at the -- we got the production continuing to ramp-up in Canada as you know from Jackfish 3 and we actually have another pad coming on at Jackfish 2 to help ramp that production up through the end of ’15 and through all of 2016. We’re not making a lot of capital expenditures and undertaking a lot of capital expenditures in Canada in that heavy oil business today. And this is a business that we always thought you have to take a long-term view on it and you have to be in one of the best projects. And we’re in an area with Jackfish and Pike frankly our neighbors there are Cenovus’ Christina Lake and MEG and we’re in really what appears to be the sweet spot for oil sands development in Canada. So we’re not expanding a lot in terms of additional CapEx right now. The returns from that over the last year have always been cash flow positive even we’re cash flow positive even at a $40 or $45 WTI because we are in one of the very best projects and the returns over the last year have ranged from some of the lower values with the $45 WTI to very high returns when oil was trading at $100 and the differential was 14. So it’s something that you have to take a bit of a long-term view on but it’s still provides at a WTI prices where they are today a pretty good rate of return on cash going forward basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer: On the cost front your guidance for both lease operating expense and SG&A costs per Boe appears to be rising a bit in 2015 relative to ’14. Can you talk to what’s driving this and if you see or have baked in cost deflation opportunities?
David Hager: I may start off on the LOE side here briefly and then hand it over to Tom Mitchell to talk about on the G&A side. On the LOE side, the increase is primarily driven just as we continue to shift our portfolio to an oil oriented portfolio versus a gas oriented portfolio. And so if you remember and part of 2014 we still have the conventional gas assets in the Canada as well as the non-core gas assets in the U.S. And so they contributed the overall number for 2014. So it’s just a shift of the portfolio. But in a normalized price environment you are still increasing margins significantly as you move to this oil oriented portfolio. But that’s the only thing on the LOE side. I think Tom can give you little more specifics probably on that and also on the G&A side.
Tom Mitchell: Yes Brian, on G&A, first of all, you got to remember that reported volumes are down year-on-year when you take out the non-core assets that have been divested so that’s part of it. We do have some increases you’ve got a full year of EnLink in there and EnLink s is up a little bit. And then addition to that and this is really positive and you’re seeing it in our execution some investment has been made primarily on the technical side that’s going into G&A here back in Oklahoma City and a huge investment really in just execution overall within the company and you’re seeing it in our results here in the last few quarters in particular. So those are the primary drivers behind it.
David Hager: Brian one thing I didn’t answer is we have not assumed any cost savings on the LOE side. Now we are going after those obviously but unlike the capital side where Darryl talked about the cost savings we have not assumed that in our budget case again we are aggressively pursuing those but we have not made that assumption.
Brian Singer: And then my follow-up actually goes a bit back to the prior question with regards to oil sands. When you think about Pike this is a year I think you said you’re going to be doing the final review as you think about potentially looking at it again for sanction next year. But do you see cost deflation opportunities and have you locked any in, in terms of Pike or future in situ oil sands and what pace is that moving at relative to what you’re seeing in onshore U.S.?
Tom Mitchell: Brian you are absolutely right we are seeing some cost in. So what we’re doing at Pike now as we’ve previously discussed and Dave can maybe give you if you like some more detail around the engineering. But we’re doing some additional engineering work throughout this year to scope out the project properly and also at the same time scoping out costs because that we’re seeing exactly what you have alluded to we don’t quite know where those costs are all going to work out throughout the year but we think we’re going to have significant cost savings going into a decision as to whether we move ahead and when we move ahead with Pike. And that makes a significant difference if we can keep those costs down. We’re going to revisit the decision on Pike after we’ve done this additional appraisal work and the additional engineering work and scoped up the cost more towards year-end. And in addition to the cost side that will also give us more clarity and some visibility hopefully on FX which is an important factor as well to give us more clarity and visibility on commodity prices and also on differentials because we’ll maybe have a little bit more definition around projects like Keystone XL or TransCanada’s Energy East and Alberta Clipper and Kinder Morgan and the rail process all of those things that go into determining differential. So we’re going to get lot more of that information but we are definitely seeing the cost structure come down, having said that because we’re still working on the final engineering documentation. We haven’t been locking in costs at this point in time but we’ll get a lot more clarity on that as we work our way through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Rowe, TPH. Your line is open.
Michael Rowe: I actually wanted to go back to comment made earlier just about 2016 and kind your willingness to out spin cash flow. I’m just wondering if hedges kind of roll out in 2016 and current strip price proves to be accurate, could you maybe talk about the ability of your high rate of return Eagle Ford and Delaware Basin assets to sustainably grow within cash flow and if they can’t I mean do you have some level of comfort to out spin cash flow and given your ability to monetize midstream assets to EnLink?
David Hager: Michael, certainly I mean yes the assets you’re talking about our returns in the Eagle Ford and Permian are very high and certainly maintain that, but as I said in the comments at the beginning, we are in a terrific position obviously to depending on our outlook for the future at the time. We’re in perfect position to take advantage of that because of our strong financial position and because of all of the financial levers that you’ve talked about. So our plan is as we kind of look in the future our plan is to live pretty close to cash flow, but we’ve got a whole lot of other financial levers that we can take advantage of if we felt the time was right and the circumstance at the time were right.
Michael Rowe: And I guess just the last question I guess would be sort of around your hedging strategy, just given the highlights of return that you can get in the Eagle Ford as an example even today do you have any desire to hedge 2016 at this point and I guess what are your parameters that you’re thinking about internally before you’d make a decision to actually roll on hedges in 2016? Thank you.
David Hager: Well so far we have -- our philosophy generally has been that we try to lock in about 50% or hedge about 50% of our production and we do that just as a matter of prudence even having a strong balance sheet and having the financial levers it is just to ensure some level of cash flow every year. So that’s our general philosophy. Now we haven’t been layering in a lot of hedges for 2016 at these prices because we believe that the price is going to be higher in 2016. And what we have typically tried to do although we have swapped some volumes, we typically try to do it on collars where we can lock in or protect the floor price and keep some of the upside as well. But given that we haven’t been layering in the hedges at this price we’re going to have to see a little stronger price or we have a change of view in the future. And the other thing that you always have to remember is, we always try to keep in mind is that when we do lock in the price side that doesn’t lock in the cost side. And so you’re only locking in half the equation and so we’re watching where costs are going now and we’re watching where commodity prices are going as we continue to prepare for 2016 and the position we might take in our hedging decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Sullivan with Alembic Global. Your line is open.
James Sullivan: Just wanted to go back to a topic actually from a little minute ago about the NGL pricing you guys gave some nice color there, thanks for that. But I wanted to talk about how that affected your thinking on capital allocation to the Anadarko Basin and CANA specially, obviously the NGL wide rate parallels are kind of a bigger part of the economic proposition for those wells how do you think about that and how is that affecting well economics your generally kind of poor view of the NGL market. I know that you have a bigger asset there now so I’m not sure if we should think of the 400 million is an increase in spending, but just any color on that?
David Hager: We have a very deep inventory of development opportunities that we’re pursing in the CANA field particularly not to mention now the Meramec that has, we’ve had a couple of good wells in the oil section of the Meramec that we’ve operated and then you can see we are in a number of non-operated Meramec wells that were oil oriented in the past year so that’s kind of a separate story but that’s a very positive story as well. Regarding CANA and the funding of the activity that we’re doing there is the completion designs that have really carried the day to improve the economics and the rates of return that we have out there where we upped the sand count tamp around 3.5 million pounds of sand around 6 million pounds of sand or around from 700 to 1,200 pounds per lateral foot. And we’re frankly testing that over 2,000 pounds per lateral foot now. We may see even further improvements by the size, the type curve, improvement we’ve already described to you. And so that carries the day we have baked these lower NGL prices that Darryl described into our rates of return and bottom-line with the improved completion techniques that we’re seeing these wells compete well with the other opportunities that we’re funding this year because of those improved completion designs.
James Sullivan: The other thing I had is you guys have talked and this actually goes to some of the work you guys have done in that same filed but about optimizing performance on base production I think you have had some asset jobs that you were doing out there and showing some really nice upticks there. Could you give a rough and I know would have to be rough companywide base decline estimate and that can be either net or not net or whatever maintenance efforts you guys are undertaking eventually in the Barnett too?
Tony Vaughn: James this is Tony Vaughn again. Our base decline just overall for the company without CapEx is roughly about 20% maybe not quite that high some of the good work that the teams have done across the company have really focused on up time they focused on line pressure reductions in areas like the Barnett and at CANA. As you mentioned we’ve worked on some chemical jobs in CANA that really had a strong boost in our rate and have major rate impact in ’14. The guys are looking at artificial lift with a strong focus on that more than we had in the past so all that collectively in my mind in ’14 was probably one of the primary reasons for outperformance over expectations. And so I think there is a renewed vigor we’ve really segregated our workforce into a couple of different areas. So we have the team in every business unit that’s focused on nothing but the base. We also have a team focused on the execution part of the business as well as the asset management side. So I think we’re just bringing a lot of clarity and a lot of focus to the wellbores that we operate.
David Hager: And let me just add a little bit to that too I often get asked when I am out meeting with investors why are we doing is this is the new Devon why are we doing so much better operationally and Tony is actually probably even if anything he is underselling the transformation that’s taken place internally to Devon and around the execution around the assets. Bottom-line we are very focused on being one of if not the best operator in each of our core areas and it’s not just words that we’re saying here but about 18 months ago we took some of our top-technical professionals away for a few months along with a couple of consultants and said what new we need to do to transform our operational performance. And what you are seeing today is the results of that effort and there are a number of very specific initiatives that came out of that where we added technical staff that Tom mentioned earlier where we’ve added separated the execution for the long-term asset management. We’ve added project management skills. We have a 24x7 well control center where we manage all the operations of all our wells. We have state of operations we have computerized operations in all of peered office where we remotely monitor production of all the wells. I could go on with several other things but I think that’s what gives us confidence that the tight performance that you’re seeing out of Devon is going to continue on into the future. We’ve got the top assets, we’ve got strong balance sheet you’re seeing the execution now. We’re humble about it but we intend to continue doing what we’re doing and we’re going to keep getting even better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy. Your line is open.
David Heikkinen: Just thinking about improving service equipment reliability and just the efficiency and pace of wells per rig per year, can you give us some thoughts about fourth quarter ’15 versus fourth quarter ’14 of, is that a 10% improvement or are there any particular areas where mud motors or frac equipment was less reliable and now that the industry has slowed down you’d see a bigger improvement in just that efficiency side as we head into ’16?
Tony Vaughn: David, this is Tony Vaughn again. I think what you’re describing is well within our expectations for as we go through ’15 as Dave mentioned we’re putting a lot of thoughts into and a lot more granularity into all of our wellbore designs we’re really trying to drive out efficiency using project managements skill to manage cost to stay on schedule. We are starting to see the benefits of that right now. We have incorporated some stretch in inside of each of our business units for the execution part of our work so I think the 2% improvements that you described is relevant I’d also mention that we through our capital allocation process we have really cored up into the sweet spots of these areas that we work in, we’re really doing more development type work and less appraisal work. We have spent a fair amount of money on science and some of these appraisal areas such as the Lavaca County and also in the Delaware all that will come to will pay-off dividend here probably in the second half of this year. So I think the 10% that you described is probably well within reach then.
David Heikkinen: And so as we think going in the ’16 just kind of modeling in the increase in wells at this rig count before you even think about ramping rig count is reasonable that is cool. The other question I just want to make sure I was understanding what you said on the LOE front that you haven’t factored any cost savings and not putting words in your mouth but again kind of the same 10% CapEx reduction that you built in I don’t see a reason why some of your maintenance and kind of base LOE couldn’t come down at fair amount as we go into ’16 is that a reasonable framework?
Tony Vaughn: You know what David we have put some challenge to our business units cost contentment is going to be a real driving force inside each of our business unit teams. I think the ability to reduce LOE is there I think a larger percent of that cost component is associated with labor which is a little bit stickier than some of the other things that we’ve talked about today. I do think we still have the ability to shave off some LOE and it will be a little bit better than what we have forecast but you have to remember we’re seeing projects like the Barnett which is accreted to the company LOE is starting to decline replacing that with some higher cost barrels in places like the Delaware. So we’re working that, got a lot of focus on that as we just described.
David Heikkinen: And just one last one, and I’m assuming you don’t want to give an expectation for an exit rate for production at this point, for ’15?
Tony Vaughn: David I don’t think we’re not focused really on the, or giving an exit rate. But suffice to say our production stays pretty strong through the year. We have a pretty good bump in the first quarter and then it holds pretty steady after that throughout the year. And we put ourselves into really a great position with the ton of flexibility as we move into ’16 which I think is really the important part as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: I wanted to first ask few questions on the Eagle Ford and perhaps maybe try to understand to what level kind of the new completion design is driving the improve results. I was wondering if you had any data on perhaps wells that are located in the same area, and what you’re seeing in terms of the new completion design versus the old one?
David Hager: Well Tony, can give a little more specific here but in general the wells that you saw are in the fourth quarter were the results of a revised design that we worked with BHP on I generally characterize as probably somewhere around 80% of where we’d have liked to go with the completion design. Now we added for a period of time during the fourth quarter two completion crews that Devon operated by themselves and pumped a number of jobs those wells are just now starting to come online. So we’re not sure if you are going to see the other incremental improvement or not but we’ll see and we’ll probably have the results for that in the first quarter. But the type curve improvement that you’re seeing I think is in that wells that are in like type areas and that’s the result of that, I don’t know if Tony wants to add any more detail around that.
Tony Vaughn: Yes, I think that’s right Dave, BHP has got a good design I think they’ve actually been changing that over the course of the last 9-10 months which is approaching a summer design to Devon and we pump a little bit more sand we pump more fluid they have a little bit different philosophy there but I think their completions are moving up. It will be interesting to see if the design that we pumped on the 28 wells that we worked on in DeWitt County have any incremental benefit in that. But I think overall we’re starting to see good collaboration between the two companies trying to take the best from both. I also mentioned to you that some of the science that we’re doing especially in Lavaca County is very unique. We have run fiber optics we drilled vertical well there taking 240 feet of core, doing a lot of micro seismic work, trying to have a really good understanding of what delivers value on the completions in the Eagle Ford. So I think that will continue to improve. We’re also seeing a lot of benefits from our production optimization work that I think we’ve talked about in the past and there are guys they have taken a really I think a really aliquant approach to managing their bottom out pressures and rate. We’re seeing the type curves move up and exceeding performance on that. We’re waiting to see if there will be a corresponding improvement in the expected ultimate recovery per well. I think that could come but we need little bit more data to understand that better.
Arun Jayaram: And my follow up question is just regarding future potential dropdowns to EnLink I guess you guys highlighted in the ops report about expecting to do the Victoria Express Pipeline some time in 2015. I was wondering if you can maybe give some more details around that. And secondly regarding Access how big of a factor would be in terms of that ultimate valuation would the FID be on Pike in terms of future volumes?
Tony Vaughn: Yes Arun, what we talked about with the Victoria Express is potentially dropping that down some time in the first half of the year guys on both our folks here and on the EnLink team are working on that and what that would look like and what the valuation would be and we can’t give you a whole lot more color around that right now. As we move into Access we’re working a lot on that. There are some complexities with it because it’s in Canada and it’s a large asset it will certainly our pace of development of Pike later on in the year will certainly have some bearing on that valuation. So as we get to the time of the year when we’re revisiting that making that decision that will come into play. But we always talked about the dropdown on Access probably being late in 2015 or maybe even moving over to the beginning of ’16.
Arun Jayaram: Okay, so it sounds like in the next year or so?
Tony Vaughn: Yes sir and I think that’s what we’re looking at right now but there is a lot of moving parts right now so we will have to see whether it works out that way that’s the current or that’s currently what we’re moving towards now whether we get all of that work done and whether it all pans out exactly the way we think will remain to be seen. But what we’ve always talked about is potentially doing it in the latter half of this year or early in ’16.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Société Générale. Your line is open.
John Herrlin: Two quick ones in the U.S. you had a negative 38 million barrel revision for oil that wasn’t related to price, John earlier you talked about the revisions being related to the five year rule is that the case for the oil in the U.S.?
John Richels: Tony can answer that on -- sorry John that was largely, the five year rule was largely related to gas.
John Herrlin: Okay, I figured that.
Tony Vaughn: On the oil side we saw a little bit underperformance in our expectations in the Mississippian so we wrote down some per well performance there and also in the Southern Midland Basin we had to write down a little bit of reserves associated with that. And mostly as John had mentioned these were mostly gas write offs and associated with the five year rule.
John Herrlin: EnLink bought the Coronado system in the Midland Basin Darryl how are you configured for the Delaware side in terms of GTP do you have adequate infrastructure at this stage?
Darryl Smette: John look just to kind of paint the background here and I think we’ve mentioned this before but a lot of acreage Devon has in the Permian Basin is acreage that we have acquired overtime. The vast majority of that acreage is currently dedicated to other parties. And so we have very little acreage that’s available to go into any of the EnLink facilities out there although the acreage that is available in the facilities are closed that is certainly a party that we talk to all the time. In terms of the facilities that are third-party facilities we have issues every now and then closer to well head we have to put in the different types of facilities that kinds of ebbs and flows and it depends on the performance of the wells generally. So when we are seeing some really-really good results from some of the wells and they come on stream which has happened more recently. There is a period of time when we have to have the facilities that catch up our third-party providers have done a very good job of doing that for us. We have a team of Devon what we call facility and pipeline people who are busy installing the facilities that we need to get to the third-party people. So right now we feel pretty good about where we’re at. We have a few bottlenecks we have some wells that are offline waiting for some pipeline and some other facilities to be installed. Most of that will be up and operational by the end of the second quarter, but we have made pretty good progress and for the most part are staying ahead of the curve. But there are some isolated incidents where we have a two or three month wait to make sure all of our production moves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kapil Singh with DoubleLine Capital. Your line is open.
Kapil Singh: Just a quick question on leverage, where do you see that going what are your sort of targets over the next kind of 12 months? And then related to that your ratings as well. And what is sort of the plan to achieve whatever those targets are?
Tom Mitchell: Yes this is Tom. We’re pretty solid in our ratings we just have visited with the rating agencies in the last few week. So they’re comfortable with where we are, they’re comfortable with the capital plan. As far as movement in leverage it should be pretty much where you’re seeing it. We are relatively neutral on a cash flow spend in the plan and what we have presented before them. So it’s really one of the sweet spots for the company right now. We are very strong in this area and with the agencies.
Kapil Singh: But is leverage going to stay consistent as earnings for our EBITDA drops but that I think is same right you’re not planning to pay down debt or is that wrong?
Tom Mitchell: There is no particular debt pay down, and as you get into ’16 and ’17 I’m not really projecting out into that timeframe right now but for the near-term year and a half it is stable.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of James Sullivan with Alembic Global. Your line is open.
James Sullivan: Just a quick clarification, you guys have 13 Second Bone Spring wells that you talked about both in the ops reports of Q3 and Q4 that had a very good third year rates about 900 Boes, all 26 of those were done with a heavier sand loadings, is that right?
David Hager: That’s correct.
James Sullivan: Just want to check that out, so that’s a pretty significant corpus of data there.
David Hager: And we are testing bigger sand rates beyond that James just to give you an idea we will have results for that in the future.
James Sullivan: The other thing I had was you guys had a little bit of commentary in the ops report about the possibility of the EUR estimates going up if you guys could provide the type curves but generally done with increasing the IP rates, 30 day rates and I guess that could be interpreted as hedging your bets on whether you’re accelerating resource or adding it per well. Is it fair to say that you guys are seeing something with the longer data series that you’re seeing data that would suggest you that you are capturing new resource with the new completions?
David Hager: We’re very confident in the Bone Spring that we’re going to increase the EURs. We’re just trying to figure out what the number is and get a little more production history before we do that. And Eagle Ford Tony talked about it’s always less certain it’s earlier on we think there is a possibility when we may bring up the EUR there as well but there is less certainty there than the Bone Spring.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to Mr. Thill for closing remarks.
Howard Thill: Thank you, Courtney and we appreciate all of the questions. We appreciate all the interest in Devon and look forward seeing you on the road in the near future. If you have anything else that comes to mind don’t hesitate to contact us in the interim. Thanks much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Howard Thill - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations John Richels - President and CEO David Hager - Chief Operating Officer Darryl Smette - Executive Vice President, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain Tony Vaughn - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets Charles Meade - Johnson Rice & Company Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs John Herrlin - Société Générale Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brother Investment Research Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna International Group Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Howard Thill:  Thank you, Connor, and good morning. I too would like to welcome everyone to Devon’s third quarter analyst and investor call. I am Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Devon Energy. Also on the call today are John Richels, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hager, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally we have a number of other Devon executives in the room with us. If you haven’t had a chance to listen to the management commentary, you can find that along with the associated slides and our new operations report at devonenergy.com. Additionally, starting with this quarter’s results, we have included our forward-looking guidance in the earnings release. I hope you've had a chance to review those documents as today’s call will largely consist of questions and answers. Finally, I’d remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call may contain plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates which are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. Our comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainty that could cause our results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. Additionally, information on risk factors that could cause results to materially differ from the forward-looking statements made today is available in our 2013 Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs included under the caption Risk Factors. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels:  Well, thank you, Howard and good morning, everyone. As you all have seen, Devon delivered exceptional performance during the third quarter. We achieved record oil production which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 6,000 barrels a day. With that strong execution, we increased our 2014 production outlook -- our growth outlook by about 300 basis points from 11% previously to 14%. And very importantly, that increase came with no change in our 2014 capital spending profile. We also increased our profitability with pretax cash margins expanding by 20% year-over-year and exceeded Wall Street’s earnings expectations by $0.10. And lastly, we completed the final leg of our strategic repositioning with the closing of our U.S. non-core asset sales. So overall, it was an excellent performance for Devon and we expect a strong operational momentum that we delivered to continue into 2015. While we’re closely watching developments in the commodity markets, we’re extremely well positioned to fund our 2015 capital program. We’ve got one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, we’re very well hedged and we have visible opportunities for continued drop downs to our midstream business. This places us in a position to continue to invest in our portfolio of high rate of return projects in many of the best U.S. resource plays. So with that, as Howard said, today’s call was going to be a Q&A call basically. And I'd just like to actually congratulate Howard and his team for the change and I hope that you all found it helpful. But we've tried to put out the very best information that we could. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Howard for Q&A.
Howard Thill: Thanks, John. And before we get started, I’d just like to remind everyone to please limit yourself to one question with an associated follow up so that we can get as many people on the call as possible. And you can re-queue for additional questions as time permits. And so, Connor, with that, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  So, I wonder if I could take a couple. First of all, you’ve still not taken any steps to increase your inventory in the Delaware Basin. I realize you’ve taken type curves up so on, but just kind of curious as to what is it going to take for us to see the greater confidence level as you de-risk that play? And I’ve got a follow-up.
Dave Hager:  This is Dave Hager. We are doing downspacing pilots in the first half of 2015. When we see the results of those downspacing pilots in the second Bone Spring, we anticipate that our inventory will increase. If you obviously look at our presentation and our investor book, it shows that we’re currently just using four or five wells per section. And so we think there is upside particularly in the second Bone Spring to this and we’ll test it with these downspacing pilots. I'll remind you also that in our 5,000 locations, we haven’t counted anything for the Wolfcamp. We think that’s going to work and we think it's going to work well, but we think the economics are stronger in the second Bone Spring. So, we’re going to concentrate our evaluation there initially and then let the industry do some of the de-risking in the Wolfcamp and the Leonard Shale.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, Dave, I should have been more specific. I think I really was just talking more to the Wolfcamp than the Bone Spring, because that's the area that's still TBA. And after the numbers that we saw from you this morning, it would seem that they were starting to kind of suggest in a very similar area to yourselves that they have got a lot -- a much greater confidence. I am just wondering what is it going to take for you guys to get to the same point?
Dave Hager: Well, we are drilling -- actually we drilled our first Wolfcamp Shale well in Loving County just on the Texas side. We’re currently flowing back that well as we speak, so we'll have results for that. And in next quarter's call we’ll be analyzing all of the industry data and be providing numbers. Again, we have the acreage. It's not a question where do we have the acreage, it's just the matter of us analyzing the industry results and then providing you guidance around that based on the industry results. So, we’re very confident it's going to work and so our overall inventory is going to go up. It's just that we want to see a little more results. And again, we think the economics are a little bit stronger in the second Bone Spring. We have more of the second Bone Spring than some of our industry peers just given where our acreage is actually located. But the second Bone Spring is a little bit shallower, it's a little less expensive to drill and it's a little more oily. And so all of that cause the economics in the second Bone Spring to be a little better, but that’s not to say it's not a good strong opportunity in the Wolfcamp and we’re glad EOG is having success. It just makes our acreage look that much better.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow-up, if I may, Dave, is kind of related. And I guess before I get into this, I should say that the new disclosure and the conference call before and everything else is really terrific. So thank you for making our lives easier. But my question really is more about the increase in the type curve in the Bone Spring. So, the IP rates obviously have been up significantly, but the type, the actual EUR did not appear to move. I think you put a plus on it as opposed to changing the numbers. So I am just wondering if you could, if I am missing something there or if you could help us understand what your realized aspirations are as you look at that?
Dave Hager: We probably could have put a plus, plus, plus on that, to be honest with you, Doug, because we feel very good about that as we get additional data and we get more production data on these wells that the EURs will increase. We just want to see more production history before we say exactly what the new EURs will be. But I can tell you so far what we’re seeing is these wells are coming on at significantly higher rates and they are essentially paralleling the old type curve. They are not falling off more rapidly. So there is -- we feel very confident that the EURs are going to increase. We just want to get more data on these wells before we actually come out with what the increase will be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC. Your line is open.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Maybe to stick with the Northern Delaware Basin for now, just a little bit more color on some of those downspacing pilots. Obviously four to five wells, you seem pretty confident and you're going to eight. Can you just give us a little bit of color what you're looking for there? Is it just maximizing recovery and should we expect because those reservoirs drain pretty well, is it going to communicate a little bit or do you think that those eight wells could be fairly independent?
Dave Hager: Well, obviously that’s what we need to find out with these downspacing pilots. But what we’re looking for is do we have good economic opportunities with these downspacing pilots and so do they generate returns that are competitive within our portfolio that we would want to drill these downspace wells. We think that particularly the most opportunity does set in the second Bone Spring for this downspacing opportunity and that’s what again, as I have highlighted already that those are the best economics in the Northern Delaware Basin anyway. So if we have down spacing opportunities, our belief is that they will compete very well within our portfolio. But that’s what we’re really looking to see is just what kind of -- obviously there may be a little bit of degradation of performance, we don’t know. But with these larger fracs that we have – again, the whole idea is to create more complex fracture networks immediately around the wellbore, but not to have them reach out as far so you that can create these downspacing opportunities where you can do the same thing on a downspacing basis and have very strong returns. That’s the theory of where we’re going. We think it’s going to work. We just want to see the proof with the actual pilots.
Scott Hanold – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And is your acreage such that you could do a lot of this in pad development? Are you blocking up where this could be a pretty good thing where -- I don’t know what the right number is, but what do you envision wellbore...?
Dave Hager: Well, we’re doing a lot of the pad development already and we can continue to do a lot of this with pad development. Now, the specifics of how we would develop the downspace pads, I mean I have to defer. We may have to just build additional pads and take them into incremental facilities on the same acreage there. I think that’s our plan right now. But frankly, we need to get a handle early on how much -- there is not only downspacing opportunities in the second Bone Spring, but if you go back to our investor presentation, we have slides there that we have showed that also on some of these areas we have Delaware sand potential, we have Leonard sand potential and we have Wolfcamp, not all of them on all of the same acreage. But we have some areas where multiple formations are prospected. We actually have even additional zones within the second Bone Spring that we’re not sure that we’re fully exploiting at this point either, an upper sand in the second Bone Spring, we’re testing that as well. So, there is not only downspacing opportunities, but there are stacked lateral opportunities in the Delaware Basin that again could significantly increase our inventory. And we need to get a handle for how many wells per section that might be ultimately and so we’re doing some pilot testing around that. But the four or five wells per section, when you look at our stack basis, may be significantly higher than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice & Company: A lot of good stuff you guys have this quarter. But if I could just go back to the earlier question on the Bone Spring. I wonder if you can add a little bit to the narrative of you’ve changed your completion design and how much maybe that -- whether those, I believe it was about 13 new wells in the quarter that led to this updated type curve, whether those were using that 1,500, 2,500 pounds per lateral foot that you reference in your new completion design or whether those were before this recent [Multiple Speakers]?
Dave Hager: Our old completion design was really around 600 pounds per linear foot. We are now testing, as we said, up to 2,500 pounds of sand per linear foot. So far we have pumped between 25 and 30 jobs in the 1,500 to 2,500 pounds per linear foot range. Of those, we have actual well results on about half of those. Now, some of those have just not been on very long at all. And so we’re still monitoring others we have 30 days plus. But the bulk of the well results you’re seeing in Q3 do not have the larger, thus far from a production standpoint, actual production, do not have the larger jobs in there. And that’s why one reason we have confidence our volumes can continue to grow in the future. Now, what is the actual sand size is in our type curve. I can tell you it’s not -- it’s less than 1,500 pounds of sand per linear foot. And so we think that if these jobs work on a consistent basis, there is additional upside to our type curve in future quarters. But we need to see those results first and see that on more wells to really be able to say exactly how much that would be.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice & Company: Dave, that was an excellent answer. You actually saved me from having to ask a follow up because I was going to ask you about what the future holds up. Let me, if I could, go in a slightly different direction for my follow up, a lot of which you talks about in the Eagle Ford. Or one of the things you talk about in Eagle Ford was the optimization of choke management once you put those wells on production. That makes sense with you guys being -- you’re taking new operatorship at that point. But is there a chance for a similar sort of completion optimization in putting up higher sand loading on those Eagle Ford completions as well? 
Dave Hager: We’re working with our partner BHP on that right now. Absolutely, we think there is -- we’re working with a revision of a completion design on that. We're not prepared to go into a lot of detail as we speak right now. But we can tell you that there is -- we think there is upside associated with that when we get more results with our revised completion site. We’ve already made modifications to it, but we’d like to see more results before we actually go out with anything. I'll also mention here, Tommy here mentioned another good thing to mention. We have done the larger revised completion design in Lavaca County where we actually operate and you’re seeing the IPs on those. The other thing I might mention on this choke management is that we have so far most of the choke management work we’ve done, we’re doing on a very engineered basis, that has been done primarily on older existing wells that have already had significant decline. The real upside here which we’re not seeing yet in the production numbers and which are upside to the type curve also is when we start applying this very engineered approach to new wells, to new completions and so that’s upside that we have not yet quantified for you but we think exists with the inventory. And we’re starting to roll that in to -- again on a managed basis, managing well pressures to make sure we’re maximizing rates of return and we’re not degrading performance. But we’re starting to do this on an engineered approach with new wells. And so there's still big upside potential if it works as well as we think it will on new wells.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  I wanted to see if you could maybe elaborate a little bit on some of the commentary around 2015, E&P capital being at similar levels to '14. And just wanted to see if you could give us a little bit of color, because you are accelerating in Cana, you a full year of Eagle Ford spend in '15 versus '14 and you are accelerating come completion activity and you’re ramping in the Delaware as well. So just wanted to see if you can give us some comfort level with next year’s CapEx.
John Richels: Arun, as you know, we’re still pouring next year’s budget. I mean we’re just working on it now and we’ll be coming out with it over the next little while. You’re right, we’re changing the number of rigs that we have working in some of the areas and all the things you point out are correct. But part of what we’re doing is just shifting our focus to the highest rate of return areas. So for example, we expect next year that the number of rigs that we have working in the Miss will probably go down and some areas in the southern Midland basin may go down and we’ll shift those rigs over to some of these other areas. So we feel pretty confident at this time that the kind of growth that we’ve talked about, the 20% to 25% oil growth in 2015 is achievable in a budget that is similar to what we had in 2014, which I think is a really positive development for us.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: And perhaps another factor, just perhaps reduced spending at Jackfish on a year-over-year basis?
John Richels: Well, that as well. Certainly we have less spending at Jackfish. As we mentioned, we’re going to do some appraisal work and some additional engineering work on Pike, be probably $250 million. But with the completion of Jackfish 3 and relatively low maintenance capital on that whole Jackfish complex, we’ll see our expenditures come down there as well.
Dave Hager: Arun, this is Dave. A reminder too, what I have been talking about with these previous answers I have been giving, we’re getting a lot more efficient and so we don’t have to add as much capital, because we’re getting much higher IPs and we think we’re getting higher EURs in a number of these plays. And so it’s not all about adding rigs. We add rigs when we need to. But if we can get it rather out of better completions and much more efficient way with higher rates of return, that’s a better way to go and we think we’re accomplishing that in a number of our plays.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: So just in summary, so the efficiency gains that you’re seeing are going to offset maybe higher activity levels, plus the impact of some of the carriers wearing off, is that fair?
John Richels: Right. That’s certainly part of it.
Dave Hager: We have not seen it going up. Again, we stand by what we said on the capital though, it's going to be very similar to -- we can have these kind of growth rates with very similar capital as we had in 2014 and those were the reasons why.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: And my follow-up question is just regarding EnLink. Just wanted to see, John, if you could articulate maybe your thoughts and ways to maximize value from this strategic partnership with EnLink. And perhaps you could just remind us how this now improves Devon’s overall capital efficiency and some of the cash flows you get on a recurring basis from dividends.
John Richels: Well, you hit on a couple of important points. Over the past several years we’ve had a fair amount of capital that we've put into our midstream operations. And with the transfer of assets to EnLink, that obligation or that responsibility for that expenditure goes to EnLink. So that just leaves more of our cash flow available for our development projects, which is a good thing. We also had -- given that EnLink has very stable fixed contracts for the most part, we have a fairly reliable cash flow stream that comes to us from EnLink. And as we look at the future, we’ve got a great asset there. The day we transfer our assets into the new entity that formed EnLink, it had a market value of about $4.8 billion today. It's somewhere up around $9 billion. And as I said earlier, we have a very visible growth profile as we continue to develop the assets that our management team at EnLink have brought to the table. They're got a lot of organic growth opportunities. But we have continuing drop downs both from the general partner to the limited partner and from possibility of facilities drop downs from Devon to EnLink. So all of those things point towards more efficiency on our part, more capital efficiency on Devon’s part because of the increased cash flow that's going into our development projects and an increasing valuation for EnLink over the next while. So, all-in-all a real positive development for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Research. Your line is open.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors:  One question as I think about Pike and the $250 million of the spend next year, how does that fit into any partnership sell down or joint venture thoughts between now and kind of fourth quarter '15 when you remake your Board consideration?
John Richels: Well, as you know, David, on Pike, we’ve got, we’re a 50% owner of Pike and are non-operative partners with BP with a 50% interest as well. So, this work that we’re doing is very necessary work in order for us to really understand the project and know what the capital costs are going to be and to fully delineate the area with the additional stratigraphic test flow. So, this is work that’s absolutely necessary for us to do and it doesn’t really change anything that we might do going forward. I think we’ll get this work done over the year and then take it back to our Board for consideration in late in 2015. And then we have the full impact on -- it really has no impact on exactly how Pike rolls out overtime, because this is work that -- this is a great looking project in what looks to be the sweet spot of the oil sands for SAGD developments. So it's something that we absolutely need to get our arms around and then we’ll take that to our Board for consideration probably late in '15.
David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: And then in the Eagle Ford, I thought your comments and you highlighted in, again reiterating Doug’s comments, the operation report is really helpful and kind of bold and italicized, kind of stands out. So the potential for new type curve improvements in new wells around optimized production practices relative to your quarter-over-quarter growth rates and your 100,000 barrel a day at least target in '15. How should we think about a sustained growth rate in the Eagle Ford with kind of new type curves, improvements and it just seems like your quarter-over-quarter growth rates accelerate given the pull down of backlog for the next couple of quarters? Is that a fair assumption to think you're accelerating growth in the fourth quarter and first quarter?
John Richels: Yes, I think just probably a pretty fair assumption, Dave. We’re really pleased with the way the things are working out and we do see with these new completions that we’re working on right now as well as our production optimization activities that we’re doing, we see that things are continuing to improve, I would say. So, we haven’t come out with an affinity guidance regarding 2015, so I am being careful not to say too much. But I can tell you things are on the positive rather than on the neutral or negative and so we feel really good about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research:  Again, thanks very much for the additional disclosure, we always greatly appreciate that. A very high level strategy question. Hearing you talk and describe the way things are going, it sounds like the move in oil prices really hasn’t changed anything. Is there anything that has changed in your view of future strategy as a result of the $25 drop in the barrel oil prices?
Unidentified Company Representative: First of all, when we’re implementing our strategy, as you know, we’re looking at longer-term prices, not with the spot prices today. And frankly, the longer-term prices haven’t changed that much from where they were when we developed the strategy and when we made the moves to so significantly transform our portfolio. So, we put ourselves in the position today of having an asset base that has very good rates of return that can generate high margins where we can have robust growth and that has a lot of flexibility for the future in terms of oil or liquids rich gas. So, it really -- the spot price, the change in the spot price hasn’t really affected our view of what we might do. And as we get into 2015, I think the very strong position that we are in is – we've got one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, we’re very well hedged already for 2015. We've got over 50% of our productions hedged at a oil price of $91 a barrel. So, we’ve got a lot of price protection from that point of view. And with the additional financial levers that we have with the drop downs that we’re talking about and other, we've put ourselves into a very, very good position even if prices stay a little bit soft in the near term. But as you can appreciate, as we get into 2015 and we start executing that '15 program, we’re really more interested in what oil prices are towards the end of '15 and '16 and '17, because that’s when that production comes on and when you really drive the returns on the additional work that we’ve done. So, we feel very good about the strategy. We feel very good about the portfolio and the opportunity set that we've created for the next several years.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: On gas markets, could you just update us on what you see out there on natural gas as we head into winter?
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl. And obviously, we had -- we started out 2014 with a very severe winter weather, drove gas prices up. As we went through December, we’ve seen additional production come on stream which was anticipated probably a little bit more than we originally thought especially out of the Utica and the Marcellus and then a very mild summer compared to the last couple that we’ve had. But as we go into 2015, while we do see a continued increase in supply, we also are starting to see some increase in demand, we think. Most of that will come in the second half of the year and into 2016 with some additional capacity coming on with petrochemical plants, electric generation, more exports to Mexico. So we’re still fairly comfortable that over the longer term we’re going to see prices that range between $3.50 and $5. And as we look right now, there is probably going to be a $3.75 to $4.25 price for 2015. So we’re pretty comfortable with those numbers. Those are numbers that we’ve used in all of our economic evaluations for the last two or three years. So, just as John said on the oil side, there has really been no surprise to us in terms of what gas prices have been and how we’ve modeled the projects we’ve had before us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: We definitely appreciate the ops reports, thanks so much for that. Can you talk to your needs for infrastructure investment, particularly in the Eagle Ford and the Permian over the next couple of years? And how that level of investments defers, if at all, from what is being made in 2014?
John Richels: Let’s let Darryl answer that question. He is the expert on it.
Darryl Smette: Brian, and when you’re talking about infrastructure, I assume you’re talking about what I’ll call marketing or midstream infrastructure. Is that correct?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Actually, let me be clear, because that’s a good point. I was thinking more to support your E&P growth. So processing to support directly support your production growth plans, any sand expansions or logistics expansion, water, et cetera, as opposed to what would be done by the midstream subsidiary for third parties.
Darryl Smette: Well, I’ll let Dave talk about water. But just in terms of, let’s take the Eagle Ford first. Our acreage, except for the Lavaca County, both on the gas side and the oil gathering side, is dedicated under a long-term contracts with third party midstream companies. Under those contracts, they have obligations to increase capacity as we increase production in both cases. We so far have been them perform, although we did have some gathering issues on the liquids side. Once we acquired from GeoSouthern, they worked very diligently to correct those issues and each day that gets better. So we expect in terms of takeaway both on the oil and the gas and the liquids side in the Eagle Ford that that won’t really be an issue for us. Turning to the Permian, we’re in a lot of different areas. But what we have here is a little bit of a similar story and that a lot of our acreage that we have here has previously been committed to third parties. Now there are some opportunities in some areas for us to do independent work. But for the most part our acreage is dedicated to third parties. And we’ve worked with them consistently over the last two or three years to make sure that we have facilities in place when we develop our wells. Now, we do not anticipate through at least 2015 and into 2016, we do not think there is going to be any takeaway capacity problems either on the gas side or the oil side or any processing issues. Now that could change if we get much better results than we anticipate. But right now, we feel pretty comfortable where we are there. We do have some issues on some Devon facilities, gathering facilities, where we undersized those facilities based on the success we’ve had. And so we’re now in the process of going back to those facilities and increasing capacity on those and that process is ongoing. We think most of that’s going to be completed by the end of the first quarter, maybe into the second quarter of 2015. But we feel pretty comfortable where we are from a midstream type perspective in both of those areas.
Dave Hager: Brian, I might just -- this is Dave -- I might just talk briefly about from the sand and the water standpoint. Before I do, I might just make a more global comment here that we have put a real emphasis internally in the company on what we call project management, which really is to make sure that we’re doing good long-term planning addressing all the issues that you’re describing. And so that’s a real focus within the company. We’re not just out there drilling wells, we’re looking down the road two, three, four, five years and making sure we’re addressing all those issues that you’re bringing up. Regarding the sands side of the business, we think that we’re -- I am not going to say it’s not tight, it has been tight. But at the same time we think that we have the ability through our relationships with the service companies to get the sands there for the wells. The tightest have been in the Permian Basin obviously and historically the most difficult part is what we call the last mile, which is really the trucking to the location. Now that has been somewhat improved here in the past couple of months or so. But overall, we think it’s going to be tight. But we think that given the strength of the company and the strength of our relationship with our service providers and the bigger service providers particularly that we use the most, we can handle that. On the water side, we do not see any significant issue there at all. We’re bringing in water actually from outside from the north into the -- near our activities located in the Delaware Basin. We don’t see any significant issue and we’ve been planning for that. So we’re in good shape.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  And my follow-up is actually a follow-up to David Heikkinen's question earlier with regard to the Eagle Ford and the potential for type curve improvements next year. Can you just add some color on what you’re thinking about spacing in DeWitt County? And whether there is the simultaneous potential for downspacing and a type curve improvement whether the spacing is set and so it would just be a type curve improvement or one of the other?
Dave Hager: Well we’re drilling on average at about 50 to 60 acre spacing. Now that is composed of 40 acre spacing in the more oily parts of the play and then 80 acre spacing where it gets a little bit more gassy towards the southern end of our acreage position. On an average, it’s around the 50 to 60 acre spacing currently. Now, do I, in theory, see some potential upside for the same type thing we’re talking about in the Delaware basin where we could with these more advanced and more complex fracs that we’re not reaching out as far? Do I see some downspacing potential in theory? I think it may exist. But frankly, we’re less -- let me put it this way. We’re less mature in our discussion process with our partner regarding that potential right now than we are in other initiatives. And so, first thing we do is get these better completion designs working real efficiently. I think we do, then we may be able to make some progress on downspacing also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Société Générale. Your line is open.
John Herrlin - Société Générale:  Dave, with respect to the shale wells with greater frac completion intensity, are you just waiting for time to recognize the improvements, are you doing any science, any monitoring, micro-seismic or traces or anything?
John Richels:  We’re doing quite a bit. I’ll tell you what, I am going to turn the call over to our Head of E&P, Tony Vaughn, who can give you an even more detailed response to this, John. He’s really close to this, so I'll let him talk you about it a little bit.
Tony Vaughn:  John, I think you lead into a good conversation. In general, we’re being much more bullish in acquiring a lot more data than we had in the past. And I think some of the things that have differentiated Devon from some of our other companies that we compete against are just that. And so we’re taking cores, pressures, temperatures, we’re using fiber optics in a lot of our wells around the company. We also have a well [conn] 24 hours, seven day a week, 365 center that really monitors all of our execution activities very closely. So the attention to detail is much higher. We’ve stood up a lot of our integrated reservoir optimization teams to take this data, incorporate more technical work into it. It's really providing a lot more abilities for us to model both the reservoir, model the frac design work that we do. So yes, the long answer is yes, we’re taking a lot more information, we’re monitoring the data, we’re micro-seismic and in some cases through fiber optics. It’s really causing us to see the real specifics about where our injected volumes are going, what’s really providing benefit and what is not. So actually I think some of the questions that have started to call out was more -- and I think Dave hit on it very well -- was more about optimization and that’s exactly where we’re at. So we’re seeing prove rates, recoveries and returns on almost all of our area and I think Cana was a great standalone example of taking a project that really wasn't competing in our portfolio from a commercial standpoint and through much more improved debt acquisition and technical work has turned it into a project that we are anticipating funding in a much more aggressive fashion in '15.
John Herrlin - Société Générale: My next one is for John. With the free cash flow from Jackfish, obviously you could fund Pike. But in the event that that’s not going to be a project that’s ramping up immediately, would you repatriate $1 billion a year to the U.S.?
John Richels:  Well, we sure want to try to do it, John, in the most capital or a tax-efficient manner that we could. And frankly, I will point out to you, even if we go ahead and fund Pike, we’re still going to have a bunch of free cash flow in Canada, because it's not taking out the Pike project, if they were to go ahead, it wouldn’t take up $1 billion of your EBIT. So, we’re going to have some free cash flow and my guess is that we will bring that back. We’ll try to do it as tax efficiently as we can and deploy that here in the U.S. We haven’t -- in the past, we've sometimes left those funds offshore or in Canada because we have not had to change or alter our capital spending plans as a result of where cash is. I mean, we've got enough balance sheet flexibility, as you know, and enough liquidity that we're not constraining our capital decisions in the U.S. by where the cash is. So, that all points to trying to bring that cash back in the most tax-efficient way and not hurting it back because it's really not going to change our behavior in any event as long as we have the financial strength and liquidity that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brother Investment Research. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brother Investment Research:  I’d like to add to the commentary on the ops report, which I’ve already told Howard, which I think is very good. But I also want to thank you for this expanded Q&A. My first question is on the Delaware Bone Spring. Can you talk a little bit about how much the enhanced completion method is increasing the per well completion costs on average versus the previous completion methods? And can you provide any color on the return uplift that you alluded to in the ops report from these larger completions?
Unidentified Company Representative: The incremental cost is around $1 million, give or take, for the larger fracs. Obviously it depends on whether it's 1,500 pounds of sand or 2,500 pounds of sand, but it's per linear foot. But that’s a good estimate for what it is. So far, and again we haven’t come out with the potential higher EURs, I can tell you that based on the very preliminary data that we’ve seen that the enhancements in the rate of return are somewhere between significant and staggering. And they are outstanding and certainly justify the incremental $1 million cost. And so we just want to get a little bit more confidence in that before we roll out all those numbers.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brother Investment Research: The other question I want to ask was with regard to the Eagle Ford. Could you provide some color on how you built such a large inventory through the third quarter '14 that you alluded to in the report? And going forward, what is the sort of inventory number you prefer to see?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, it just has to do -- the inventory that has built up, it just has to do with the fact that we obviously -- and this part of the business again managed through BHP historically, but they just have been drilling wells and they haven’t had enough completion crews to quite keep up with the number of wells that they've drilled. Now that is why we have agreed to increase the number of frac crews and actually they have agreed to have Devon operate two of those frac crews. So, we were increasing from five to nine, so two of those nine will actually be operated by Devon and we anticipate they will take the number of uncompleted wells down by approximately 50%, from around 120 to somewhere around 60 wells somewhere at the end of Q4. And that’s one of the things that does also give us the confidence not only we’re going to see good production increases in Q4, but that’s going to sustain itself through the first part of '15 as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Biju Perincheril – Susquehanna International Group: A quick question. Obviously, your domestic portfolio has improved tremendously over the past year or so. And just wondering was that -- has there been any change in how you are thinking about the oil sands business, where does that stack up relative to your domestic business now?
John Richels: Biju, the oil sands business has some very positive characteristics that are different from some of the rest of our business. And we’ve always said that we thought that overtime we were going to provide the best returns and the most solid returns to our shareholders by having a diversified portfolio. And we never wanted to be just the gas company or just an oil company. And so to have – we like that mix between natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil and the mix between light oil and heavy oil as a positive one because they trade very differently and have very different characteristics. What we’ve been seeing with our heavy oil business is that the margins have increased significantly over time. And part of that is the reduction in the differentials as more certainty has risen around the Canadian oil sands business with regard to takeaway capacity and that’s likely to continue. So our view of the future from a differential perspective is that it’s going to continue. It’s going to become more stable, less volatile over time and that it’s going to be lower than it has been historically and that’s as a result of Energy East and Keystone XL which will come on at some point in time and Flanagan and all of the pipelines that are being built, rail now being a significant part and probably a permanent part of the takeaway capacity. So, it’s a very good business. As a matter of fact, in this quarter, our operating margin from Jackfish was somewhere just shy at $40 a barrel. So it’s a pretty good business. And so as we look forward, to have a piece of our portfolio and this type of asset that has basically no decline for 25 years, relatively low maintenance capital is a nice piece to have. So, it's still firmly part of our business. And I will say that, and you’ve heard me say this, Biju, that when we got into this business, we recognized that if we were going to be in this heavy oil business, we had to be in the top quartile or a top decile project or we can’t make money otherwise. And we are fortunate our guys did a great job and we picked a project area that is really in the top part of this industry. And so it’s a real strong part of our business going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillips Johnston with Capital One. Your line is open.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities: Two quick question on the Medina well and other four upper Eagle Ford wells that will be spud by year end. First, are you using enhanced completion designs on those wells? And do you plan to apply the same choke management system that you’ve tried in the lower Eagle Ford?
Dave Hager: Yes and yes.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities: And just as a follow up, you’ve talked about how these wells are located in the thickest part of the upper Eagle Ford and certainly thicker than the area to the Northeast where there have been some very good well results by other operators. My question is, what sort of IP rates or 30-day rates would you expect from these wells? And if the wells are successful, how many upper Eagle Ford locations could you potentially add to your overall inventory in the Eagle Ford?
Dave Hager: Well, I don’t want to -- it’s not even about initial IP or 30 day rates. It’s about the sustainability of those rates and what kind of EURs we need ultimately from those wells. So I don’t have a specific number that I am going to lay out there for that to judge success or lack of success on those. But we’ll be obviously watching the first few months of performance. How much there is? We’re not quite ready or I don’t think we have enough information really to say how much additional resource or how many locations we have. We need to see some success here. This is a different type of formation geologically also. This isn’t a shale this is a marl, which is a type of carbonate reservoir and actually has a little bit of primary porosity to it. So it’s going to behave significantly different than a shale reservoir well. And we need to see more results to really say what kind of spacing we could have if we works to see how many locations. I will point out, I think you’re probably well aware that obviously there have been some wells drilled to the Northeast by other operators, Penn Virginia and others, but I think also if you move to the Southwest, there have been other companies, I think specifically Marathon has been drilling wells for the same interval. This is not the upper Eagle Ford shale. Some might call this the lowest-most Austin Chalk. But we’ve chosen for historical marketing reasons I say to call it the Eagle Ford rather than the Austin Chalk. But it’s actually a marl section that’s above the upper Eagle Ford shale.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to John Richels, CEO, for closing comments.
John Richels: Thank you. And let me just make a couple of comments and I’ll turn it over to Howard just for a couple of comments as well. But I just want to say a couple of things. Thank you for hanging in with us for this long call and we got some great questions. But just want to pass on our thoughts here. We’ve seen a significant transformation in our asset portfolio over the past year. So we have a great portfolio today with high margin assets and a portfolio that has years of visible growth. So today we are laser focused on execution and that’s what’s helped us deliver a great quarter for the third quarter of 2014, allowed us to raise our full year production targets and we’re not taking our foot off the gas. This strong operational momentum is going to continue into 2015 as we continue to grow our oil production and our cash flow. And again, notably, I think we’re doing that in a very capital efficient manner. We’re well positioned to fund our 2015 capital program with our strong financial position. And lastly, while we clearly possess a great deal of financial strength, we are fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our growth in cash flow per share adjusted for debt. So with that, again, thank you for hanging in. And I’ll just turn it back to Howard.
Howard Thill: Thanks, John. And I’d like to echo John’s thoughts. We appreciate all your support. I also appreciate the kind words on ops report and the other changes. I want to throw out some thank yous to Scott, Shea, Chris and the rest of the team that have done an outstanding effort to bring this forward. And if you have any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to give any one of us a call. We look forward to seeing you out on the road. Have a great day. Good bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Vince White - VP, Communications and IR John Richels - President and CEO Dave Hager - COO Tom Mitchell - EVP and CFO Darryl Smette - EVP, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain
Analyst:  David Hickman - Hickman Energy Advisor  Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Subash Chandra - Jefferies  
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session. The call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White:  Thank you and welcome everyone to Devon’s second quarter earnings call and webcast. Before we get started, I want to make sure that everyone is aware that we have prepared a handful of slides to supplement today’s script. These are integrated with today’s webcast and they’re also available for download in PDF form on Devon’s home page devonenergy.com. For those that are not participating via webcast, we’ll make sure we refer to slide numbers during our prepared remarks so that you can follow along. Today’s call will follow our usual format and I a few preliminary items to cover, then I’ll turn the call over to our president and CEO, John Richels for this comments, following John, Dave Hager, our chief operating officer will provide an operations update and we’ll wrap up the prepared commentary with a financial review by our CFO, Tom Mitchell. After our financial discussion, we’ll have a Q&A session and we’ll conclude the call after about an hour and of course a replay will be available later today on our Web site. The investor relations team will also be available this afternoon should you have any follow-up questions. On the call today, we’re going to update some of our forward looking information. In addition to the updates that we are providing in the call, we will file a Form 8-K later today that will have details of our updated 2014 estimates. A copy of this updated 8-K will be available within the Investor Relations section of the Devon Web site as well. The guidance we provide today includes plans, forecast, expectations and estimates which are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These are of course subject to a number of assumptions, risk and uncertainties many of which are beyond the Company’s control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and we’d invite you to see the discussion of risk factors relating to these estimates and our Form 10-K. Also in today’s call, we’ll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures we are required to provide specific related disclosures, those disclosures can be found on Devon’s website. As many of you know I am retiring from Devon at the end of this week. I can honestly say that being a part of this organization for the last 21 years has been both a pleasure and a privilege. I am truly grateful to all my friends at Devon and in the investment community and the industry for making my time here so rewarding. So thank you. At this point I’ll turn the call over to John Richels. John.
John Richels:  Thank you Vince and on behalf of the Company and many people you have positively impacted over your career. I just want to take this opportunity to thank you. You’ve done a terrific job through the years and you have been a great friend and we wish both you and Marty a very happy and healthy retirement. Now as many of you know with Vince’s retirement, Howard Thill has joined our team as Senior Vice President of Communications Investor Relations. Howard has a long history in the business with over 30 years of experience the last 12 and much the same role at Marathon Oil and previously at Phillips Petroleum. We’re very fortunate to have an individual of Howard’s experience join our team and we welcome Howard to Devon. I am sure that many of you will have the opportunity to meet with Howard over the coming months. So let’s move to the results of the quarter. The second quarter was another outstanding one for Devon both operationally and financially as we continued to successfully execute on our strategic plan. As we point out on Slide 3, during the quarter we announced the sale of our non-core U.S. assets the final piece of our portfolio transformation. Since announcing this planned transformation just nine months ago we have taken three very significant steps to reconfigure our portfolio, the accretive Eagle Ford acquisition, the unique and innovative EnLink transaction and the sale of our non-core properties at very attractive prices. Also during this time our drilling program has delivered impressive oil production growth through our focus on our reconfigured portfolio. This oil focused effort helped to deliver a 47% increase in cash flow this quarter compared to last year’s second quarter. And during the period we also completed number of major projects that we’ll discuss in more detail during the call. So let’s take a look at some of these highlights in a bit more detail. Looking at Slide 4, in the second quarter we achieved year-over-year oil production growth of 34% from our go forward asset base, reaching an average daily rate of 205,000 barrels per day. This growth was driven entirely by light oil production from our retained U.S. assets which increased an impressive 79% compared to the second quarter of 2013. This dramatic increase in U.S. oil productions largely attributable to growth from our world class operations in the Permian basin and in the Eagle Ford. With the aggressive transformation of our North American on shore portfolio, total liquids production is expected to approach 60% of Devon’s go forward production by year-end, and that’s up from just over 30% a few years ago. As shown on Slide 5, our focus on high margin oil development increased our companywide oil revenue 42% in the second quarter compared to the previous year and accounted for more than 60% of our total upstream revenue. This strong revenue growth combined with our low cost structure has expanded our pre-tax cash margin per barrel by 40% year-over-year. As shown on Slide 6, as I mentioned earlier, we announced the $2.3 billion sale of our non-core oil and gas properties in the U.S. during the second quarter. This transaction valued these gas weighted assets at approximately seven times EBITDA, significantly above our current trading multiple thereby making it immediately accretive to Devon shareholders. Combined with the sale of our Canadian conventional gas business earlier in the year, which has also had about seven times EBITDA, pre-tax proceeds from our non-core asset divestiture program totaled more than $5 billion. We are applying these proceeds to strengthen our balance sheet by reducing the debt taken on to fund our Eagle Ford acquisition.  This portfolio repositioning provides Devon all the necessary attributes to deliver superior per share growth. Our go forwards assets are generating excellent full cycle returns, we have a strong investment grade balance sheet and we have a deep inventory of highly economic low risk development projects in some of the most attractive basins in North America. As you can see on Slide 7, this formidable and balanced portfolio consists of three world-class oil development plays in the Permian Basin, the Eagle Ford and the Canadian oil sands and two of the best liquids-rich gas areas in the U.S., the Barnett Shale which is nearly 30% liquids production and the Anadarko Basin which is about 45% liquids. We also have two emerging oil plays which could further bolster the depth of our portfolio and we have a majority ownership in EnLink Midstream, one of the premier midstream companies in North America.  Turning to Slide 8, with the first six months of 2014 results now in hand, our retained asset portfolio remains on track to deliver companywide oil production growth of more than 30% year-over-year. This exceptional oil growth rate is driven entirely by the 70% plus increase we expect in U.S. wide oil production. This should drive about 10% top-line production growth on a 6:1 energy equivalency basis. And on a value or price equivalency basis, applying a more realistic oil to natural gas price ratio of 20:1, expected top-line production growth in 2014 will be approximately 20%. Moving to Slide 9, I'll remind you that about 80% of our 2014 E&P capital budget is focused on our core and emerging oil development opportunities which will continue to drive our oil production growth in the second half of 2014 as well as next year. As you can see on the table to the right of that slide, year-to-date, we have spent just under half of our 2014 capital budget.  With large high quality acreage positions in each of our core assets, we're positioned with a deep inventory of repeatable investment opportunities. In fact as we discussed on our call last quarter, one of the most exciting operational developments over the past several months has been the significant expansion of our drilling inventory and our resource potential in the five margin core areas. Led by the tremendous results that we are seeing in the Delaware Basin, our gross risk undrilled inventory has now increased by more than 5,000 locations year-to-date. These 5,000 plus locations have been rigorously risked based on historical well performance, in-depth technical evaluations and disciplined economic expectations based on the current price and cost environment just to mention a few. As we continue to de-risk and develop the opportunities within our portfolio, we fully expect our inventory to further increase overtime. In fact with the technical work that we have done over the last quarter, we have increasing confidence that we can materially grow this inventory in the near future and Dave will speak to this in more detail later.  Not only do we have a very large resource base but we also have the financial capacity to efficiently convert this resource into production and cash flow. Our balance sheet's in terrific shape and our operating cash flow continues to accelerate, thanks to our rapid oil growth, driving margins higher. And don’t forget that another potential source of cash for Devon is the ability to dropdown additional midstream assets to EnLink. As seen on slides 10 and 11, two potential dropdown candidates are the access pipeline in the Canadian oil sands and the Victoria Express Pipeline in the Eagle Ford, both of which were recently completed. These strategically located assets have exposure to two of the fastest growing oil plays in North America. While no decision has been made, these high quality pipelines could be dropped into EnLink within the next year or two. Given the visibility of our significant cash inflows, coupled with a high margin asset base ready for development, we expect to accelerate drilling activity in 2015 across several of our core and emerging plays.  As you can see on Slide 12, Devon is positioned to deliver organic oil production growth in excess of 20% in 2015 while delivering a healthy topline production growth in the mid-single digits. The Eagle Ford and the Delaware Basin will once again lead our oil production growth in the U.S. and we will also see significant oil growth from our Jackfish 3 project in Canada where we recently started steam injection. In summary we’re very pleased with the execution and outcome of the transformative steps that we took over a relatively short period of time to high grade our portfolio and meaningfully improve our growth trajectory and margins. When you combine the growth potential of our top tier oil development projects with our high quality natural gas optionality, we’re very well positioned for competitive growth for years to come. And as we execute on our growth plans Devon shareholders will continue to benefit from improving margins, higher cash flows and further value recognition through EnLink. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed operations review. Dave?
Dave Hager:  Thank you John. As John mentioned our solid execution in the quarter resulted in strong oil production growth driving an impressive increase in our operating cash flow. We are laser focused on the key drivers of outstanding operational performance, including driving down drilling times, optimized conclusion designs and very efficient production operations. Continuous improvement in each of these areas and others will provide incremental value in each of our operating areas. Now let’s take a closer look at some of Devon’s key operating highlights in more detail. In the Permian basin we increased production 25% compared to the same quarter last year to 95,000 BOE per day. The solid execution of our development programs in the Permian place is firmly on track to grow 2014 production by 20% compared to 2013. Importantly light oil production accounts for nearly 60% of our total Permian volumes. Shown in the green outline on Slide 13, is the Bone Spring play in Delaware Basin, a key driver of our Permian oil growth. In the second quarter we brought 22 new Bone Spring wells online, with average 30 day IP rates of 660 BOE per day, once again exceeding our pre-drill expectations. At an average cost of just over 6 million per well our Bone Spring program is delivering some of the best returns in our portfolio.  We also have an ongoing Delaware Sands program that is beating expectations. In the second quarter we commenced production on two high-rate oil wells targeting the Delaware Sands Lea County, New Mexico. Initial 30-day production from each of these two wells averaged about 1,000 BOE per day, 70% of which was light oil. As we discussed last quarter the tremendous results from our Delaware Basin drilling programs coupled with an ongoing reservoir characterization work allowed us to substantially increase our rest undrilled inventory. The stack pay nature of our position in Delaware Basin provides us with exposure not only to the Bone Spring and Delaware Sands but also the Leonard Shale, Wolfcamp and several other oil zones. In aggregate our multi-zone potential and the Delaware Basin provides us with exposure to more than 5,000 (risk) [ph] undrilled locations. Turning your attention to Slide 14, I want to be clear. This inventory of 5,000 plus locations is not simply acreage divided by an arbitrary well spacing. We screen these locations based on multi-variant analysis that takes into account geologic, geophysical, completion and production data that characterize and predict reservoir performance. This disciplined methodology is utilized across our entire portfolio including the Delaware Basin to identify and quantify undrilled inventory. Slide 15, provides a summary of the risking applied to each of our perspective zones in the Delaware Basin. In the second column our technical teams have identified net perspective acres in each formation in the Delaware Basin. Next, the multi-variant analysis I just described was performed by our technical teams which risked these perspective acres by as much as 50%. Now there is insufficient data to do a multi-variant analysis on down spacing. So you can see we conservatively assumed only four to five wells per drillable section in each formation. Given that we believe there is meaningful upside to our inventory. For example we’re currently implanting a program in the Delaware Basin to utilize a much larger and more focused frac design, deliver a more complex fracturing network closer to the well bore. We believe these larger, more complex frac designs will more effectively drain the reservoir, increase recovery factors and further enhance rate return. In conjunction with these larger more complex focused fracs we are evaluating the concept of a staggered lateral development scheme that can further tighten well spacing across our entire prospective formations in the Delaware Basin and thus could significantly increase our risk undrilled inventory. We will continue to update you on our progress in the coming quarters.  Converting this massive and growing opportunity in the Delaware Basin into production and cash flow, is a top priority for us. While not finalized, our preliminary plan is to increase our operated rig count from the 12 currently running in the Delaware to as many as 20 by the end of 2015. We plan to ramp the activity in an orderly fashion, as we secured gathering and processing capacity, high quality rigs, completion services and manpower to support the higher rig count. This increased investment in the Delaware Basin will allow us to continue aggressively developing our highly profitable Bone Spring inventory and accelerate the development and appraisal of our Delaware sands, Leonard Shale and Wolfcamp inventories. This sets up the prolific Delaware Basin position for significant high margin growth in 2015 and for years to come.  Shifting to the Midland Basin, we delivered another quarter of strong results from our oil development program in a Southern Midland Wolfcamp shale. We increased average net production in this play to 12,000 Boe per day, representing significant year-over-year increase of 9,000 Boe per day. In a Northern Midland Wolfcamp trend, we start our first horizontal well in Martin County, targeting the Wolfcamp B formation in the third quarter. We have approximately 14,000 net acres in a prolific Martin County area, prospective to multiple Wolfcamp zones.  In aggregate, we have identified about 200 undrilled locations in the Northern Midland Wolfcamp trend and this is an area likely to see increased activity as we head into 2015. Shifting to the Eagle Ford on Slide 16, while we have wholly-owned these assets for a handful of months, we could not be more pleased with the performance we have seen from this world-class asset. And we have already identified several promising opportunities that can further enhance well economics and boost our drilling inventory. I will speak to this in more detail shortly but let’s begin with a review of the second quarter results. During the quarter, we have 17 rigs running across our Eagle Ford position with the majority focus on developing our DeWitt County acreage in the economic heart of this top tier oil play. We brought 60 new Eagle Ford wells online with average 30 day IP ratio, approaching 1,200 Boe per day. These high impact wells drove our average Q2 production in the Eagle Ford to 65,000 Boe per day, in line with the guidance range we had provided last quarter. Notably, we achieved a strong growth in spite of production interruptions primarily related to third-party gathering constraints in DeWitt County. In aggregate, these gathering constraints reduced production by about 8,000 Boe per day in the quarter. Even with these infrastructure limitations, we were able to bring approximately 30 wells online around mid-quarter that helped accelerate our average net production in June to 73,000 Boe per day. This ramp up in June represents an impressive increase of nearly 50% compared to the first quarter exit rate. It is also worth mentioning that our Eagle Ford production is also delivering the highest pre-tax cash operating margin of any asset in our portfolio at around $60 per Boe.  Looking ahead to the second half of the year, our drilling and completion programs in Eagle Ford remain on schedule, keeping us on track to deliver outstanding production growth rates. As we have said before, this production can be somewhat lumpy due to the timing of pad drilling and third-party and midstream infrastructure. At June 30th, we had 108 drilled wells not yet producing.  We expect this inventory to continue to trend downward over the coming months as the number pads are scheduled for tie-in and a necessary transportation system improvements are completed in DeWitt County. As a result, for the remaining six months of 2014, we are forecasting our net Eagle Ford production to average between 80,000 and 85,000 Boe per day. We expect both the third and fourth quarter to generate solid sequential quarter production growth with volume growth weighted more toward the fourth quarter due to the timing of pad tie-ins that I just mentioned. Overall, the second half outlook, keeps us on pace to deliver on our previously announced guidance of 70,000 to 80,000 Boe per day for 10 months of ownership this year. as I touched on earlier, we are also excited about a number of potential upside opportunities we have identified across our position in Eagle Ford. In our development activity in DeWitt County, we are currently closely working with our partner BHP to enhance various aspects of our well completions as well as areas on the production operations side of the business.  While it's premature to discuss any specific details the technical teams have identified opportunities to optimize completion designs that could increase well recoveries and at the same time reduce well costs. The teams have also identified potential opportunities to improve the rates of return to optimize choke management. As we continue to pursue these promising initiatives we will continue to update you on our progress. Moving to Slide 17, another leg of upside is in Lavaca County. In the second quarter we tied in our first operated well in Lavaca County targeting the lower Eagle Ford formation. As seen on the blue on the map the initial 24 hour production from the Ronyn 1H was approximately 1,600 Boe per day, of which 70% was light oil. Combined with announced well by industry represented in gray lower Eagle Ford results to date in Lavaca County have exceeded our initial expectations. Turning your attention to Slide 18, perhaps one of our more exciting potential upside opportunities is in the upper Eagle Ford. As shown by the size of Parkman, the majority of our DeWitt and Lavaca County acreage is highly perspective for this emerging play. This is further supported by the encouraging industry results in Lavaca County seen in gray on the map. It is worth noting that these Lavaca County wells results are not in the thickest part of the upper Eagle Ford, which as you can see from the map bodes well for the prospects of our DeWitt County acreage where the upper Eagle Ford net pay is the thickest. We have just filed our first operated upper Eagle Ford well the Medina 2H on 100% working interest acreage in Northeast DeWitt County. This can be seen in blue on the map.  This is the first of a handful of tasks planned this year. If the upper Eagle Ford formation is commercially successful this could expand Devon's resource and further deepen our drilling inventory. On Slide 19, at our Jackfish thermal oil projects in Northeastern Alberta gross production from our Jackfish 1 and Jackfish 2 projects increased 3% year-over-year to a combined average of 60,000 barrels of oil per day or 52,000 barrels per day after royalties. Further enhancing results this significant improvement in Western Canadian slug benchmark pricing increased price realizations at Jackfish by 22% compared to the year ago quarter to $65.88. At Jackfish 1 gross production averaged 36,000 barrels per day or 29,000 barrels per day net of royalties in the second quarter.  The success of our ongoing efforts to improve our steam oil ratio once again resulted in gross production exceeding the facilities main pipe capacity of 35,000 barrels per day. In the third quarter we will bring the Jackfish 1 plant down for a schedule two week maintenance turnaround beginning in September. Accordingly this maintenance downtime and subsequent ramp up will reduce Jackfish 1 production by 5,000 to 10,000 barrels per day in the third quarter. Keep in mind this has been built into our third quarter and full year production guidance. At Jackfish 3 we began steaming on July 13 and expect a steady ramp up of production over the next 18 months to a sustained rate of 35,000 barrels a day. Jackfish 3 will provide multi-year oil production growth beginning in 2015 with net oil production from our Jackfish complex expected to be between 62,000 and 67,000 barrels per day. This represents production growth of about 30% compared to 2014.  Furthermore as seen on Slide 20, the completion of Jackfish 3 will begin an era of free cash flow from our Jackfish complex with the potential to generate around $1 billion annually for many years. Even after accounting for maintenance capital requirements. Shifting now to the Anadarko Basin Western Oklahoma for our operations continued to deliver great results. In the second quarter we have once again set a production record reaching 93,000 Boe per day. With drilling focused on our most liquid rich acreage oil and NGL production increased 26% year-over-year and is now about 45% of production in the Anadarko Basin. The Cana-Woodford play was the most significant contributor to our strong second quarter production growth in the Anadarko Basin. This growth was driven by the strong performance of several new well pads brought on line that employed our new redesign completions as well as rejuvenated performance from existing wells as a result of our ongoing asset treatment program. Slide 21, shows the meaningful increase in sand per well along with more frac stages and tighter perp clusters. This new frac design was utilized on the 20 Cana-Woodford well we brought on line and the liquids rich core play during the second quarter. Initial 30 day raise from these wells averaged 1,250 Boe per day including 700 barrels of liquids per day exceeding our type curve by more than 35%.  These are among the most productive wells ever drilled in Cana with average EURs trending in excess of a 1.5 million equivalent barrels per well.  As you can see on Slide 22, for the 20 wells were brought online in Q2, the redesigned completions dramatically enhanced IPs, boosted EURs by more than 15% and with well cost essentially flat. This translates into strong rates of return that are competitive with many U.S. oil plays. Our asset team at Cana have also done some outstanding work to revitalize production from existing wells with asset treatments. We have now treated nearly 200 operated and non-operated Cana wells and results have been exceptional. In most cases, the inexpensive procedure around $250,000 per job, took production per well from about a 1 million cubic feet equivalent per day, up to 2 million a day or more. As seen on Slide 23, these asset jobs have improved our gross operated wet gas production at Cana by roughly 40 million cubic feet a day. We expect Bcf per well of additional recovery with a payback period of less than three months. We have around 140 additional operated and non-operated wells that can be treated in the core area and we expect to have most of these treated by year-end. Moving to Slide 24, given the success of these recent efforts at Cana, we opportunistically bolstered our leasehold position in May by acquiring an additional 50,000 net acres in the core of the play. This transaction closed in late June, increasing our total Cana-Woodford position to approximately 280,000 net surface acres with stacked pay potential including about 30,000 net acres of exposure to the stack, oil and condensate window. The new acreage further supplements the thousands of undrilled locations we have in this high quality liquids-rich play. Due to the highly competitive economics at Cana, we plan to accelerate activity in 2015. If you were to include the non-operated activity of our partner in the play, our total rig count at Cana could be around 10 rigs by the first quarter of 2015. This increased activity puts Cana in a position to deliver strong growth for many years.  Moving to Slide 25, we have approximately 150,000 net surface acres in the Powder River Basin prospective for multiple formations including the Parkman, Turner and Frontier. To-date, we have identified approximately 1,000 risk locations across our Powder River Basin position with roughly 75% of these locations associated with the Parkman formation. Our recent drilling activity was highlighted by two wells targeting the Parkman formation in Campbell County, Wyoming. Initial 30 day production at each of these wells averaged 950 Boe per day of which 95% was light oil.  At an average well cost of only $5 million per well, our Parkman program is generating attractive rates of return. We expect to add a fourth rig later this year and more aggressively develop the Parkman focus area in the second half of 2014 and 2015.  With that I'll turn the call over to Tom for the financial review and outlook. Tom.
Tom Mitchell: Thank you, Dave and good morning to everyone. To reiterate John and Dave’s comments, the second quarter was one of strong execution. We delivered operationally by successfully exploiting the high margin production opportunities within our portfolio. And we also delivered solid financial results as well. Our strong growth in oil production, combined with improved oil price realizations drove our E&P upstream revenue to 2.7 billion in the second quarter. These factors increased oil sales to more than 60% of our total E&P revenue in the quarter, pushing overall upstream revenue 20% higher than the year ago quarter.  Not only are our upstream revenues growing rapidly but our midstream profitability is expanding as well. In the second quarter, our midstream business delivered excellent results, generating 224 million of operating profit. This result exceeded the top end of our guidance range and represented a 90% increase compared to the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase in operating profit was driven by the consolidation of EnLink Midstream and improved marketing margins. Based on our outstanding results in the first half of the year, we are increasing our full year forecast for midstream operating profit to a range of 775 million to 825 million, an increase of roughly 80 million from the midpoint of our previous guidance. Moving to expenses, in the second quarter total pre-tax cash costs were well within our guidance range for the quarter coming in at 1.1 billion. Excluding the cost associated with the consolidation of EnLink, pre-tax cash costs for our upstream business were 7% higher than the second quarter of 2013. Now this amount, a third of the cost increase was attributable to higher operating cost associated with Devon’s rapidly growing high margin oil. The remaining increase was driven by higher production taxes related to our strong revenue growth. Looking to the second half of the year we expect modest upward pressure on our pre-tax cash cost and this is reflected in our 8-K guidance that will be filed later on today.  Overall, the benefits of our high margin oil production, improved price realizations in low class structure significantly expanded our pre-tax cash margins. In fact our pre-tax cash margins improved by 40% year-over-year to our highest level in recent history. Moving to the bottom line, our strong second quarter performance delivered adjusted earnings of $574 million or $1.40 per diluted share, the 16% increase compared to the same quarter last year. This improved profitability also translated into higher cash flows as well and we generated cash flow from operations of $2 billion, a 47% increase compared to the year ago quarter.  Combined with 2.8 billion of pre-tax proceeds received from the sale of the company’s Canadian conventional gas business in April. Devon’s total cash inflows for the quarter reached 4.8 billion. In late June, we repay created the $2.8 billion sale proceeds from Canada, we utilize these bonds the free cash flow generated down the quarter and cash on hand to reduce debt by 3.2 billion during the quarter. At June 30, our net debt declined to $10.8 billion of which $1.7 billion was attributable to the consolidation of EnLink Midstream and it’s non-recourse to Devon. If you were to pro forma of the balance sheet for the closing of our U.S. divestitures which should occur in the next few weeks, our net debt excluding EnLink’s debt decreased to around $7.5 billion. So to put this in better perspective this is only around one time's 2014 expected EBITDA and this positions are go forward Devon with a strong investment grade credit ratings across the board and one of the better balance sheets in the E&P space.  Moving to our outlook for the third quarter, we expect our go forward asset portfolio continue to demonstrate excellent year-over-year growth in oil production. With average daily oil rates ranging 200,000 to 210,000 barrels per day, this guidance implies an expected 30 plus percent increase in oil production from our go forward properties compared to the year ago quarter. We expect to achieve this excellent growth in spite of the planned turnaround objectives which will limit production by 5,000 to 10,000 barrels per day in the third quarter. Overall, we expect our go forward asset portfolio to deliver total production in the range of 603,000 to 627,000 Boe per day and this represents a top line growth from our retained assets of more than 10% compared to third quarter of 2013. Based on our solid execution during the first six months of this year, we remain very comfortable with our previous full year guidance ranges for production.  For the full year, we are on track to average more than 600,000 Boe per day from our go forward business driven by full year oil growth rate in excess of 30%.  And finally, as a reminder we will be filing an 8-K later today containing detailed estimates for the upcoming third quarter and for the full year 2014.  And will that, I will turn the call back to Vince, for Q&A. Vince?
Vince White :  Thank you, operator we are ready for the first question.
Operator:  Thank you, your first question comes from David Hickman with Hickman Energy Advisor. Your line is open.
David Hickman - Hickman Energy Advisor :  I wanted to look at 5-15 days and just talk about each of the objectives you highlighted to get to the risk factor, can you just give us like what was the number one or the number two objective in the Delaware, Leonard, Bone Spring and other just to get to the 30% to 50% risk factors?
Dave Hager:
 : It was the primary things you have to look at, we looked at everything but you look at the prospectivity of the area based on all the well results you have and then you also apply what we call a drillability factor, can they physically be at locations, physically be accessed with our acreage inventory, those are two primary things we look at and then we also are looking at obviously historical production data to help it out and we all put it into what we call in multi-variant analysis but we remove bias and this is a statistical analysis where we are looking at basically trends in an un-bias manner that correlate with prospectivity. That doesn’t totally substitute for good technical work but it’s an additive to that but those are the main things you are looking at traditional things you are used to David is just good geosciences work, combined with reservoir work and production history.
David Hickman - Hickman Energy Advisor :  And I guess where I’m going is, as you get more production history in the Leonard and in the Bone Spring sands, do you expect those risk factors to move up with well performance there, how do things trend over time?
Dave Hager:
 : Well, the latest table constructor we hope the risk factors move down actually because the lower is the better, the way we constructed the table. Yes absolutely, as get more data we expect these risk factors to go down. And I think the biggest thing we expect to move up perhaps is this column this risked wells per section, because that’s where we simply don’t have enough data to do this kind of multi-variant analysis, because there hasn’t been a lot of wells that have been drilled, six wells per section or eight wells per section in order to get a good history on. So in this case we didn’t really do that detailed statistical analysis, we just made -- what we think is a very conservative assumption and as we conduct these pilots which we’re doing right now. We think there is great opportunity that we may increase from the four to five wells per section to more wells per section. But we just want to get some pilot information before we do that.
David Hickman - Hickman Energy Advisor : And then just thinking about that and leading to the 5,000 the likely grows. What’s the optimal kind of inventory life as you think about the basin relative to the number of wells you drill per year?
Dave Hager:
 : The way we think about it, is we generate as many as we can obviously, then we try to put as many rigs to work as we feel that we can and maintain the quality of our drilling results. So we identify huge new resource inventory, that’s great news. But then we got to think about what can we actually execute and deliver the results with the risk that we perceive in the basins. So I don’t know if there is an optimum. I mean I would love to have 100 years inventory, totally theoretical standpoint. But what we’re trying to do is increase the pace of our drill commence with our ability to de-risk the area. And we’re confident we’re going to be able to get somewhat around 20 rigs next year and we’re thinking higher than that internally but we got to walk before we run and so we’ll see where it goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  If I could take two questions please. First of all Dave on the Eagle Ford, just to be clear I am assuming you had no inventory in the upper Eagle Ford in your initial analysis when you acquired your southern. And if that is the case, can you give us some ideas based on (obviously) [ph] a number of third party wells that hoped and drilled near for Eagle Ford. From what you know today, what would you say about how -- at what proportion your acreage is perspective? And anything you could say about how that may change the inventory count? And I have a follow up please.
Dave Hager:
 : Well we had none of this and the inventory at the time we did the acquisition we gave zero value to the upper Eagle Ford. So this is all additive from a value standpoint. As you can see from the isopach map that we included in the presentation, we think the bulk of our acreage is perspective for the upper Eagle Ford. The key is that there is an ash zone that develops that we think that will contain the fracs that have been done in the lower Eagle Ford from penetrating up to the upper Eagle Ford. And when we talk upper Eagle Ford, there are a couple of different upper Eagle Ford intervals, just you guys know there is an upper Eagle Ford shale and there is upper Eagle Ford Marl, we’re really talking about the upper Eagle Ford marl which some might call the lower Austin Chalk, but it’s a Marl zone and it is very mapable. We think the bulk of the acreage is developable for that. How much that adds at this point? Or we think is potentially is developable, we need to get more well results, so before we can quantify too much. And frankly where we’re drilling right now in Lavaca County may or may not be the best part of it. The best maybe in DeWitt County.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My follow up is I guess is a Cana question but it is also kind of an activity question. 5,000 locations the 10 rigs, obviously I am missing something here. What proportion of those 5,000 locations falls into the category of the enhanced frac that you described obviously yourself. And how does this basically change capital allocation as you move forward in terms of [indiscernible] EBITDA level? I'll leave it there. Thanks. 
John Richels:
 : We may go higher than that, that’s a fair enough point Doug. Now this is a recent development with these improved completion designs that are really enhancing the Cana economics. So we are allocating rigs back out there. we obviously want to see, we’ve been drilling in what we think is some of the best part of the play not all of it is going to necessary quite as good as this but we think it’s still going to be very good. So we’re going to see where these results are, where they take us. It’s possible that we may continue to ramp the rigs up well beyond the 10 that I mentioned in my previous comments.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thinking more about the overall portfolio Dave in terms of given the spend for the balance sheet. I mean is there -- how do you see acceleration generally across the portfolio, given where your inventory is building on it pretty much every play now.
Dave Hager:
 : John may want to answer this too. But we obviously every year put together a long range plan where we try to balance our ability to execute on the portfolio and maintaining the strong balance sheet. And so this is part of the capital allocation process that we’re going through right now as we speak about where we want to end up on that. I think the good news is we’re in great financial shape after these transactions. John you want to add to that?
John Richels:  And then Doug one thing as Dave said, we are in great shape and we will have to see. We haven’t port our budget for next year, we are still going to be working on that. I think the really important thing is with the transformation that we have undertaken over the last while, we have put ourselves in the position to be able to live within cash flow and still grow at very, very competitive rates whether we choose to do that or not that’s another question. We may well, based on our outlook, based on industry conditions and basin conditions, choose to accelerate that in the future as well. And what’s important is we got the financial capability, in some of the areas or in all of our areas, we want to make sure that we don’t get ahead of the science, we don’t get ahead of the geology, we don’t get ahead of infrastructure, organizational capacity, availability of rigs and service and all of those kinds of things. So, other items that factor into the pace that we can accelerate at but I will say we are all really excited. We are in a position that we haven’t been in for a while of being able to significantly grow really high margin products and generate high levels of cash flow. So, we feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Wanted to follow-up on the CapEx points you were just discussing. Can you just talk to how you are thinking about CapEx for the remainder of the year and then since you did provide some preliminary oil growth expectations for 2015 within the context of your cash flow and your 2014 budget. How should we preliminarily think about 2015 levels of spending needed to achieve 20% plus oil growth? 
John Richels:
 : Well just for this -- this year, we haven’t changed our guidance for the year, Brian, I think we are on the street at 5 to 5.4 for our E&P capital spending and that’s assuming costs remain the same but we will see how that all sorts out. And we are halfway through the year and we so far spend about 47% of our total CapEx budget for the year, so we are on track for this year.  When we talk about 20% growth in 2015, growth in our oil production 2015, we've done that based on our expectation for cash flow for next year. So, again as I said earlier whether we -- as we finish developing our budget and take all these other factors that I mentioned when I was replying to Doug, into account, where we actually ended up with a capital budget in 2015 remains to be seen but that 20% number is assuming living within cash flow.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And then shifting back to the Delaware, the acreage position that you have there in New Mexico and Texas probably puts you in a very good position to comment on the quality of the oil and the impact of condensate. As you continue to drill in various zones and various parts of the play, are you seeing any increased condensate coming out of your wells? Is that impacting your realizations and what are you expecting there going forward?
Darryl Smette:
 : This is Darryl. In Permian Basin, what we have seen pretty consistently is a quality of group between 38 and 42 degrees. The vast majority of that is less than five-tenths of a percent sulfur so it’s classified as sweet crude. There have been individual wells that we have drilled. We have seen the gravity go up as high as 45 to 46% which has not been consistent through all of our wells. There have been some industry players who have also seen gravity that high, depending on the volume from industry that comes out of that 45 to 46 degree gravity. It’s pretty well blended in the other crude out there that’s in the 36 to 40 degree, so we really don’t see at least in the foreseeable future that, we are going to have any condensate problems coming out of the Permian Basin. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Dave, I wanted to see if you can elaborate on your plans to increase your rig count in Delaware from 12 to 20 and maybe you can maybe just opinion on where your technical understanding is of the play versus a year or two ago and just your confidence in executing a program of that size?
Dave Hager : Yes, well, I think our technical understanding has increased pretty significantly as we have appraised across our entire acreage position that has now put us into a position now that we have a pretty good understanding of what the prospectivity is across our entire acreage position. There is always risk when you drill well, so it’s not an absolute but I would say our technical understanding because we have been appraising across the entire acreage position, certainly in the Bone Springs is there now. We still need to drill additional wells and we have a listed inventory in the Wolfcamp and there haven’t been many drill on the New Mexico side and the Wolfcamp, so that’s an area that still takes some additional maturing but there is no question that overall and in some of the other formations such as the Leonard obviously, we haven’t drilled that many wells. We are drilling our first one right now but the industry has. So we’ve got a pretty hand on what’s going on there.  So, from a technical standpoint most areas are maturing, that is really a little bit less on the technical side is more just getting making sure we have several factors working together to execute and we’re confident we’re going to get there, the aim should be to make sure that we have a high quality rigs and services are available, we have the gas takeaway capacity, and we have the infrastructure in the field from just a pure manpower standpoint to manage this kind of rig capacity. And so we’re working through all those issues and we’re confident that’s going to allows to do 20 rigs sometime next year.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  Okay, and just my follow up. John, what your longer term thoughts regarding the pipe development and the regulatory approval process on that project?
John Richels :  We filed the application for 105,000 barrels of project with BP about the end of last year. So, we’ve been going through the process and it’s moving along very well, we have some consultations that are with some groups that aren’t left but it’s moving along really well and it’s our expectations that we’ll get the regulatory approval for that project probably late this year or early in 2015. So, it’s moving along really well and of course we still have as you know we haven’t made the final things I mean decision on that yet but something it will have to do this well but it’s moving along and Pike is, that was an area that always appealing to us because it’s directly adjacent to Jackfish and Jackfish is in what looks to be the sweet spot of the oil sands for SAGD development. So this is a pretty good looking lease. 
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  Quick follow up, given the Delaware Basin opportunity, Cana-Woodford, Rockies oil, how would Pike now compete for capital relative to your U.S. onshore growth potential?
John Richels:
 : Yes, that’s a good question. It’s a project that has very, very different characteristics. So, if you just want to compare strictly on a rate of return basis, it doesn’t compete as well because, you are reporting some capital upfront, you get this long stream of cash flow over a longer period of time.  So, they're very different projects, the good part of it is, very, very low geological risk, very low engineering risk, you got this flat production profile for 20 or 25 years and an extremely high cash flow stream that comes with that.  So, it really -- the characteristics of it are quite different and we’ve always thought that having a portfolio that’s has -- that's balanced in some way not only between natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil, we kind of like that balance between light oil and heavy oil too because they trade very differently over time and because they have these different characteristics. So, those are all things that we have to take into consideration in making that decision, it’s kind of balancing the near term versus the longer term aspects of those two kinds of or two different plays.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Subash Chandra with Jefferies, your line is open.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies :  Yes, thanks for squeezing me in. Just a couple of questions I guess first on Pike again, the access pipeline, is that sized for Pike? Or does it have to go through additional expansion for Pike?
Darryl Smette:  This is Darryl, and yes it is sized for Pike, actually sized for both Jackfish and Pike and it does have the ability with additional pump stations to increase capacity significantly, we currently have about 270,000 barrels a day of capacity on the blended stream and like I said with additional pump capacity we can increase that volume for that pipeline. So, all of those things have been taken into consideration.  I might just add the access pipeline looping the 42 inch line was completed end of the second quarter early third quarter and we are now in the process of line filling that line so which should be operational towards the end of this year. 
John Richels:
 : So, those volumes that Darryl is saying that’s really much more than we -- I mean that expansion capability with an extra pumping is actually much more than we need for Jackfish and Pike.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies :  Okay, so it’s in excess of those as well, okay. And then in Cana, the 10 rigs, is that -- are we still 6 to 8 operated and the balance non-op?
Darryl Smette:  The 6 to 8, if we do the 6 to 8 operated we really set around 10 by the first of the year if we do the full 6 to 8 which we as I was explained to Doug Leggate, we may do that and we may do more, that would actually be -- get us above the 10 rigs if we do that given what [indiscernible] is doing. And there is -- financially will do that. We’re just staying by the first year-over-year around 10.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies : Okay, but combined op, non-op?
Darryl Smette:  Yes, that’s right.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies : And any commentary just if you can refresh me on the status of the drilling carriers and where you sort of see the intercompany rig movements take place over the next six months?
Darryl Smette:  Well, I will start off with the rig movements. There is not a lot of rig movement going on. We are as we described increasing our activity a little bit already in Cana and so we are dropping down activity a little bit in the mix for that. We will be adding a little bit in the powder as I described but overall not a large movement in rigs in the last half of this year. We will be ramping up as we go into 2015. Now on the carriers, on the Sinopec side, as of June 30th, there was about just over $500 million remaining of the $1.6 billion carry. On Sumitomo side, there is 345 million remaining of a 1.25 billion total drilling carry. Around the end of the year, we think we would be down to the point on the Sinopec side, where we will be about a little over 150 million left and just under 150 million left on the Sumitomo side that we will utilize in 2015.
John Richels:
 : Well folks, I am showing the top of our here but before signing off let me leave you with a few key takeaways from today’s call. First, we have dramatically improved our portfolio in a short period of time. Devon emerges with a formidable portfolio that’s on track to deliver attractive high margin production growth for many years to come. As evidenced by our second quarter results, our pursuit of high margin production is significantly expanding our margins and profitability.  And finally the commitment to our top strategic objective that you heard us talk about often, which is to optimize long-term growth and debt adjusted cash flow per share has never been stronger. As we deliver on our growth expectations we are poised to create significant value for our shareholders in the upcoming years. So, we look forward to talking with you again on our next call and thank you for joining us today.
Operator:  Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Vince White – VP, Communications and IR John Richels – President and CEO Dave Hager – COO Tom Mitchell – EVP and CFO Darryl Smette – EVP, Marketing, Facilities, Pipeline and Supply Chain
Analysts:  Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research 
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session. The call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Thank you and welcome everybody to Devon’s First Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast. Before we get started, I want to make sure that everyone is aware that we have prepared a handful of slides to supplement today’s presentation. The slides are integrated with today’s webcast but they’re also available for download in PDF form on Devon’s home page at devonenergy.com. For those that are not participating via webcast, we’ll make sure we refer to slide numbers during our prepared remarks so that you can follow along. Today’s call will follow our usual format and as I will first cover a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our president and CEO, John Richels, for this comments; then Dave Hager, our chief operating officer will provide an operations update and we’ll wrap up our commentary with a financial review by our CFO, Tom Mitchell. After our financial discussion, we’ll have a Q&A session and we’ll conclude the call after about an hour and replay will be available later today on our website. The investor relations team will also be available this afternoon should you have any follow-up questions. On the call today, we’re going to update some of our forward looking information. In addition to the updates that we are providing in the call, we will file an 8-K later today containing the details of our updated 2014 estimates. The copy of this updated 8-K will be available within Investor Relations section of the Devon website. The guidance that we are providing today includes plans, forecast, expectations and estimates which are all considered forward-looking statements under US Securities Law and these are of course subject to a number of assumptions, risk and uncertainties many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and for a discussion of the risk factors relating to our estimates see our Form 10-K. Also in today’s call, we’ll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures there are required specific related disclosures and those can also be found on our website. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to our president and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning everyone. Before we get in to the business of the quarter, I’d like to take just a moment here to welcome our latest edition to Devon’s team of senior executives and that’s our chief financial officer, Tom Mitchell. Many of you already know Tom and you know that Tom brings a wealth of industry experience and considerable financial sophistication and we’re thrilled to have him on board. As Vince already mentioned, you’re going to hear from Tom later on in the call and as you have the opportunity in the coming months to meet with him, please join us in welcoming Tom to Devon. So with that, let’s take a look at our results. The first quarter was another excellent one for Devon. As shown on slide three, our disciplined focus on high-margin oil development opportunities led to another quarter of outstanding growth in oil production that drove significant operating margin improvements. Additionally, we made meaningful progress in our efforts to high grade our go-forward asset portfolio. This progress was evidenced by the closing of our Eagle Ford acquisition, the completion of the EnLink Midstream combination, our exit from the conventional gas business in Canada, and our recently announced bolt-on [ph] acreage acquisition in Cana. In addition, we once again raised our dividend during the quarter. Now, let’s take a look at some of the highlights in more detail. In the first quarter, we achieved year-over-year oil product growth of 21% from go-forward asset base reaching an average daily rate of 176,000 barrels per day. As can be seen on slide four, this growth was driven entirely by light sweet crude production from our retained US assets which increased an impressive 56% compared to the first quarter of 2013. With our success in growing high-margin production, we expect oil and natural gas liquids to approach nearly 60% of Devon’s go-forward production mix by year end. In addition to our robust growth in high-margin oil production, we benefited from the sharp rise in natural gas pricing and improved Canadian heavy oil realizations. This increased first quarter upstream revenue by 42% compared to the first quarter of 2013. As shown on side five, 67% of our upstream revenue came from liquids. Higher revenues coupled with our low cost structure drove operating margins by more than 50% year over year. Another notable first quarter financial highlight was a 9% increase in Devon’s quarterly cash dividend to $0.24 per share. This is Devon’s 9th dividend increase since 2004 representing an annual compound growth rate of 23%. Our dividend increase reflects Devon’s long-term commitment to returning cash to our shareholders and ultimately underscores the confidence we have in our business. Looking beyond our operating and financial results for the quarter, we did an outstanding job in the past few months in executing our portfolio transformation which is now nearly complete. The first major milestone occurred on February 28th with the closing of our Eagle Ford acquisition. This acquisition of 82,000 net acres in the economic heart of the play adds a new light oil core area to Devon’s portfolio, offering some of the highest rate of return drilling opportunities in North America. While we’ve only owned this position for a short time, the reservoir performance that we’ve seen to date has been outstanding, fully supporting our production growth targets and double digit accretion in cash flow per debt adjusted share. One week later, on March 7th, we closed on our Midstream combination with Crosstex to form EnLink Midstream. EnLink units are now trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbols ENLC for the general partner and ENLK for the MLP. And while the assets we contributed were valued in the transaction at about $4.8 billion, the ownership interest in the EnLink securities that we received had a market value at yesterday’s close of more than $7.5 billion or approximately 27% of our current market capitalization. This valuable ownership was attained by contributing most of Devon’s US Midstream assets to EnLink. The contributed assets accounted for only 7% of Devon’s cash flow last year. Furthermore, the loss of this direct Midstream cash flow was offset by our receded [ph] quarterly distribution payments from EnLink and EnLink’s assumption of the associated capital obligations. Looking beyond these immediate benefits, we’re also excited about the attractive long-term growth prospect associated with this business. The stable fixed fee structure, the deep backlog of liquids oriented projects and the future drop down potential from both Devon and from the general partner provide a foundation for EnLink to deliver attractive distribution growth for many years. We took another significant step forward in our transformation in early April by closing the sale of our Canadian conventional business for CAD3.125 billion. This was the largest divestiture package in our non-core asset sale process and we attractively monetize these gas-weighted assets at nearly seven times EBITDA which is a substantial premium to Devon’s current trading multiple. After adjusting for currency exchange and taxes associated with both the sale and the repatriation of the funds to the US, we’re receiving net proceeds of US$2.7 billion. For our remaining divestiture assets which are all located in the US, we’re putting the final touches on the data rooms with the expectation to complete the sale of all non-core assets by year-end. Most recently, we opportunistically added to our core Cana-Woodford position by acquiring an additional 50,000 net acres and 5,800 equivalent barrels per day of production. These assets directly overlap our existing core Cana position and expand our opportunity set with exposure to other Western Oklahoma oil and gas plays. This move is consistent with our philosophy of building scale and scope in our core play areas. Later on the call, Dave will discuss some recent positive developments to Cana that led to our decision to acquire the additional interest. The bold steps we’ve recently taken to high grade our asset base have positioned Devon with a formidable and balanced portfolio focused on fewer core areas in some of the most attractive basins in North America. Our retained asset base consists of three world class oil development plays in the Permian Basin, the Eagle Ford, and Canadian Oil Sands. And two of the best liquids rich gas there is in the U.S., the Barnett Shale and the Anadarko Basin. Each of these core areas has the inventory to materially grow production and sufficient scale to generate substantial amounts of cash flow. Our capital budget for these retained properties in 2014 is around $5 billion concentrated in our three high margin oil development plays. Looking at slide six, company-wide oil production is expected to grow by more than 30% year over year led by a 70% plus increase in U.S. oil production. This should drive grow of about 10% in top line production on an energy equivalent basis or 20% higher on a 20-1 price equivalency basis. As evidenced by our solid first quarter performance, we are well on our way to achieving these attractive growth targets. In addition to the growth we’re delivering in 2014, Devon is also positioned for significant high margin oil growth in 2015 and beyond. That’s illustrated on slide seven, where you can see that we expect Devon’s retained asset base to generate organic oil production growth in excess of 20% in 2015. Let’s take a look at the specific drivers of this oil growth. Our most significant growth next year will come from low risk, infill drilling in the Eagle Ford where we expect production to average well over a 100,000 BOEs per day. In addition to this exceptional volume growth trajectory, this highly profitable production will also deliver a powerful free cash flow stream that should exceed $1 billion based on the current prices. So, just to be clear, that’s free cash flow is cash flow in excess over capital investment. Another driver growth in 2015 will be the acceleration of drilling activity in the Delaware Basin specifically in South-East New Mexico. Over the next year, we will accelerate development of our rapidly growing resource potential in that area. And Dave is going to provide more details on our significantly expanding inventory and significantly growing resource potential in this prolific basin later on in the call. And lastly in Canada, the start up of our Jackfish 3 facility later this year will commence another leg of multi-year oil production growth from our thermal oil business. In 2015, we expect net oil production from our Jackfish complex to increase to a range of between 62,000 and 67,000 barrels per day, representing a year-over-year growth rate of approximately 30%. Furthermore, the completion of Jackfish 3 will lower Devon’s overall capital intensity and begin an era of free cash flow from our Jackfish complex with the potential to generate up to $1 billion annually for many years. As you can see on slide eight, this wall of cash provides a significant source of capital for E&P investment, debt reduction, dividends, and share repurchases. So, in summary, I’ve never been more excited about Devon’s future than today. As outlined on slide nine, Devon has established itself as one of the largest oil producers among our North American onshore peers. When you combine the growth potential of our top tier oil development projects with our high quality natural gas optionality, we are a well positioned for extremely competitive growth rates for years to come. What makes our growth story even more compelling is Devon’s attractive valuation. Backing out the value of the EnLink securities from our enterprise value and EBITDA reveals that our E&P business is trading at just over four times EBITDA. As we continue to execute on our growth plan, Devon shares’ have the potential to benefit not only from improving margins and higher cash flow, but also through multiple expansion. So, with that, I will turn the call over the Dave Hager for a more detailed operations review, Dave?
Dave Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning everyone. Let’s begin with a quick recap of our first quarter capital expenditures. Exploration development capital for the first quarter totaled $1.2 billion, just below the bottom end of our previous guidance range. Based on our planned activity levels to the remaining three quarters of 2014, we remain on track with full year drilling and completions capital guidance range of $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion for our go-forwards assets. As John indicated earlier, our focus on high margin oil projects led to another quarter of outstanding growth in oil production. Let’s take a closer at some of the first quarter operating highlights, beginning with the Permian; first quarter production averaged a record 91,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This record was driven by robust growth in oil production, which increased 36% compared to the first quarter of 2013 and with 9% higher than the previous quarter. Light oil production continues to account for 60% of our total Permian production. In the Delaware Basin our Bone Spring horizontal program is the most significant driver of our Permian oil growth. In the first quarter, we bought 35 Bone Springs wells online with an average 30 day IP raise approaching 700 barrels of oil equivalent per day of which 80% was light oil. Also in the Delaware Basin, we commenced production on two high rate oil wells targeting the Delaware Sands and Lee [ph] New Mexico. Initial 30 day production from these two wells averaged in excess of 1,000 BOE per day and consisted of nearly 90% light oil. The tremendous results we continue to see from our Delaware Basin drilling programs coupled with our ongoing reservoir characterization work has allowed us to substantially increase our risk inventory in the Delaware Basin. To help you more fully appreciate the scale and scope of our potential new Delaware Basin, I want to turn your attention to slide 10, which illustrates our acreage position by prospect [ph] deformation. As you can see the stack pay [ph] nature of our position and the Delaware Basin provides us with exposure not only as a Bone Spring and Delaware Sands, but also the Leonard Shale, Wolfcamp and several other oil zones. If you add up this lease hold buy [ph] formation you can see we have approximately 500,000 net acres to appraise and develop. Turning to slide 11, you can see this translates into a significant inventory of undrilled locations for Devon. Our largest and most economic opportunity is in the Bone Spring, we recently completed our comprehensive reservoir evaluation on a large portion of our Bone Spring acreage position. This work combined with strong well performance and successful appraisal drilling in several step-out areas has allowed us to add some 1,900 additional locations to our Bone Spring inventory. This booze [ph] an undrilled Bones Spring inventory to 3,500 locations, adding locations in the Delaware Sands, Leonard Shale and several other formation brings our total risk inventory at the Delaware Basin for more than 5,000 undrilled locations. To put this on prospective at our current activity levels, this represents more than 25 years of drilling inventory in the Delaware Basin. Keep in mind these are rest [ph] locations and do not include any location to our Wolfcamp acreage which we are currently evaluating. We fully expect additional inventory increases over time as Devon and the industry continue to de-risk this world class oil basin. With this significant inventory in the Delaware Basin as I can provide some thoughts on how we will approach converting this resource into production and cash flow. Today, we are running 12 rigs in the Delaware Basin, the appropriate level of activity given the availability in South-East New Mexico of gas gathering and processing capacity, high quality rigs, completion services and manpower. Our program in 2014 is focused almost entirely on our high rate of return and low risk Bone Spring development opportunities. Over the next year, we expect additional capacity build out within this portion of the Permian to support additional activity to further exploit our rapidly growing resource inventory in the region. While we are not ready to provide specific plans, our preliminary view on 2015 is that we will have the opportunity to significantly increase our drilling activity next year. This will allow us to continue aggressively developing our highly profitable Bone Spring and accelerate the development and appraisal of our Delaware Sands, Leonard Shale and Wolfcamp well inventories. Given our outlook for significant cash flow growth next year, we clearly have the means to fund a more robust level of activity. As John highlighted in his opening remarks, the acceleration of drilling activity in the Delaware Basin is a visible source of future light oil production in 2015 and will remain a cornerstone asset for Devon for many years to come. Shifting to the Southern Midland Basin, we will continue to see solid results from our oil development program, the Wolfcamp Shale, where we have a joint venture partnership with Sumitomo. During the first quarter, we tied in 26 Wolfcamp Shale wells, increasing our average net production in the play to an average of 10,000 BOE per day. Compared to the first quarter of 2013, this represents production growth of 8,000 BOE per day. Moving to the Eagle Ford, as John mentioned, we completed our acquisition of 82,000 net acres in Eagle Ford on February 28 and resulted in one month of production in our first quarter reported results. Although we have only owned these assets for a couple of months now, we couldn’t be more pleased with the quality and with our joint venture relationship with BHP in DeWitt County. The well and reservoir performance that we have seen today reinforces our previous forecast for average net daily production of 70,000 to 80,000 BOE per day for the 10 months we will own this asset this year. We are also on track to deliver well an excess of 100,000 BOE per day in 2015. As many of you are aware through recent BHP disclosures, March production on our DeWitt County acres was temporarily constrained by third party gathering system downtime and the timing of well tie-ins. In Eagle Ford, the production growth profile for most operators is somewhat lumpy due to nature or pad drilling and the Devon BHP partnership is no exception. With wells being bought on in groups as many as 20 at a time and the time in bringing on necessary infrastructure to tie into wells, the production growth would tend to come in step changes. For March, our first month of ownership, our net Eagle Ford production averaged 49,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. However, as shown on Slide 12, an increase in well tie-ins at the end of March and in April had driven our net daily production up to 64,000 BOE per day currently. We expect to average between 65,000 and 70,000 BOE per day for the second quarter. And for the second half of the year, we expect our Eagle Ford production to increase to a range of 80,000 BOE to 85,000 BOE per day. Our growth in the Eagle Ford in the second half of this year has been driven by a large number of well tie-ins during that period. Our Eagle Ford drilling program remains on plan and at quarter end, we had an inventory of about 120 wells drilled but not yet producing. In the second half of the year, we expect this inventory to trim downward as we catch up on pad tie-ins and necessary transportation system permits [ph] are completed in DeWitt County. As I mentioned earlier, for the 10 months we will own the asset in 2014, we are on track to achieve our previously announced guidance of an average of 70,000 to 80,000 barrels per day. In addition to world-class oil development in DeWitt County, we are excited about the emerging opportunities we see ahead of us on our 32,000 net acres in Lavaca County. As you can see on Slide 13, recently announced well results in – by industry in this area represented in blue have included initial oil production rates of more than 1,000 barrels of oil per day. These results have far exceeded our expectations for the area. And with less than 10% of the acquisition value assigned to our 32,000 net acres, we are extremely encouraged with the upside potential on this acreage. We expect to bring our first Lavaca County wells online in the second quarter, and as previously disclosed, expect to participate in roughly 30 gross wells for the full year. And lastly, I want to briefly mention another potential upside we have identified across our entire position in the Eagle Ford. We have mapped our acreage position in Lavaca and DeWitt County and believe that most of our acreage is respectfully [ph] for the upper Eagle Ford formation. Our belief is supported by recently industry results as noted in green on slide 13. We are evaluating these results and the timing of our first operated well to test the upper Eagle Ford. Moving now to our thermal oil projects in Northeast Alberta on slide 14; first quarter gross production from our two Jackfish projects averaged roughly 62,000 barrels of oil per day or roughly 52,000 barrels per day after royalties. At Jackfish 1, gross production averaged 37 barrels per – 37,000 barrels per day or 29,000 barrels per day net of royalties. The success of our ongoing efforts to improve steam efficiency and well productivity allowed us to exceed the facility’s nameplate capacity of 35,000 barrels a day during the quarter. Recently, we have seen excellent results from efficiency modifications to our steam generators, lowering steam chamber pressures, optimizing the temperature profile in the steam chamber and conducting well stimulations. Continued success from these and other efforts underway to lower our steam oil ratio could result in continued growth and production above nameplate capacity. Construction of Jackfish 3 is essentially complete and plant commission activities are well underway. We expect to begin injecting steam in the third quarter of this year. Delivery of first oil is scheduled to occur late this year with production ramping up throughout 2015. At Pike, our thermal oil sands joint venture with BP, the approval process for the first stage of the Pike development remains on track. And we expect to receive regulatory approval later this year. As a reminder, the Pike 1 development project will have ultimate gross production capacity of 105,000 barrels of oil per day. Devon operates Pike with a 50% working interest. Shifting now to the Anadarko Basin in Western Oklahoma, our liquid rich Cana-Woodford Shale play average a record 60,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. As John mentioned, our recently announced transaction in the Cana-Woodford allows to increase our scale and scope in one of our core liquid rich gas plays and in a cost of less than $2 per BOE for the roughly 150 million barrels of rich [ph] resource. The additional 50,000 net acres increases our core Cana position to approximately 300,000 net acres. We were particularly excited to acquire this acreage after seeing some positive results from our recent technical work in the area. With the asset teams focused on managing base production, we discovered through reservoir engineering including pressure transient analysis, that we had enhancement opportunities on many of our core area producing wells. We have now performed these enhancements on about 70 producing wells and the results have been outstanding. In most cases, this inexpensive treatment took production per well from around 1 million cubic feet equivalent per day up to 3 million a day or more. We believe these efforts should increase EURs by about a Bcf per well with a payback period of less than three months. We have indentified more than 200 additional wells that can be treated in the core area including wells on our new acreage. In addition to this technical work, we continue to make improvements to our completion design. With our most recent wells, we have doubled the number of frac stages and increased the amount of propane [ph] pumped to about 6 million pounds per well, a 70% increase over our previous jobs. The results from these completion improvements, as well as our downhole work on the existing producers, had been outstanding. Production performers from these wells are exceeding our type curve model and significantly enhancing our rate of return. These stronger returns have improved the competitiveness of our Cana drilling within our portfolio, which ultimately led us to take advantage of the opportunity to acquire additional acreage. We’re evaluating the impact of the acquisition and the recent technical advancements at Cana on our capital allocation plan and we’ll discuss any modification during next quarter’s call. Looking at our Mississippian-Woodford trend in North Central Oklahoma, we brought 63 operated wells online during the quarter within the Sinopec joint venture area with overall results supporting our type curve expectations. Solid performance from these wells help drive our average first quarter production in the trend to 19,000 BOE per day of which 50% was light oil. This represents a production growth rate of 35% compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. The focus of our activity this year is on the JV area where we have the benefit of a carry and are seeing the most consistent results. And finally, our Rockies assets continue to deliver excellent results with net production averaging 20,000 BOE per day in the first quarter. Liquids production in the Rockies increased 21% compared to the first quarter of last year and account for nearly half of Devon’s product mix in the region. Our activity was highlighted by two high-rate oil wells brought online during the quarter, an Iberlin Ranch well targeting the Frontier formation that’s tied in with initial 30-day production rates averaging 2,000 BOE per day including more than 1,700 barrels of oil per day. We also commenced production on a well targeting the Parkman formation with 30-day production rate and averaging an excess of 1,100 BOE per day of which 96% was light oil. Devon has 150,000 net acres in the Powder River Basin prospective for multiple formations including the Parkman, Turner and Frontier. The company has identified approximately 1,000 risked locations across the Powder River Basin and expects its drilling inventory to increase as the company de-risks this oil opportunity. So in summary, we had another strong quarter of execution across our entire North American onshore portfolio. The core focus areas that I discussed today on the call are delivering highly economic and robust production growth for Devon. And with our drilling inventory of opportunities, we’re poised to deliver impressive oil growth in 2014 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Tom for the financial review and outlook. Tom.
Tom Mitchell: Thank you, Dave, and good morning everyone. Today, I’ll take you through a brief review of our financial and operating results in the first quarter and where called for provide a state of guidance. Before I get started, I wanted to remind everyone of the changes in our first quarter financial reporting resulting from the EnLink transaction. Now that Devon is the majority owner in EnLink, accounting rules require that 100% of EnLink’s revenues, expenses, debt and capital are consolidated within our financial statements. The minority ownership interest from the portion that we do not own will be netted and deducted on a line item in the financials entitled non-controlling interests. Due to these accounting changes, the comparability of first quarter results to prior quarters from a trend analysis perspective is challenging. However, in our earnings release and in our upcoming SEC filings, we’re providing supplemental schedules that will break out the results of our upstream business on that of EnLink. Since John covered the first quarter production highlights earlier in the call, I will begin with a quick review of our outlook of production. In the second quarter, we expect our go-forward asset portfolio to deliver total production of 609,000 to 631,000 BOE per day. This represents top line growth from our retained assets of approximately 15% compared to the second quarter of 2013. Most importantly, this expected increase on production is underpinned by a strong, high-margin oil growth. For our go-forward properties, we are forecasting oil production in the second quarter to increase by roughly 30% year-over-year to a range of between 200,000 and 210,000 barrels per day. This excellent growth in the high-margin oil production is driven by a full quarter of Eagle Ford production and continued success in our Permian development programs. For the full year, we remain comfortable with our previous guidance range and on track to produce between 579,000 and 622,000 BOE per day from our go-forward business, driven by a full year growth rate in excess of 30%. Moving to our upstream revenue, in the first quarter, improved priced realizations for all products combined with higher oil production drove our E&P upstream revenue to $2.6 billion. This represents an increase in oil, gas, and NGL sales of 42% compared to the year-ago quarter. The most notable improvements in regional pricing were attributable to our Canadian heavy oil production, strong gas realizations from our retained U.S. portfolio and a meaningful price uptick in mid-continent NGLs. In the first quarter, oil sales alone excluding NGLs accounted for more than 50% of our E&T revenue. Turning now to our midstream business, once again, our midstream business delivered excellent results generating $183 million of operating profits in the first quarter, a 47% increase compared to the first quarter of last year and about 27% above the high end of our guidance range. Improved price realization and effective cost management were the key drivers behind our first quarter outperformance. Our first quarter results did include 25 days of contribution from EnLink which amounted to $50 million of operating profits. Based on our strong start to the year, we’re confident of our full year forecast for midstream operating profit of $685 to $755 million. Moving to expenses overall, our first quarter pre-tax expenses were generally in line with our expectations totaling $1.8 billion. Excluding the cost associated with the consolidation of EnLink, pre-tax expenses were 8% higher than the first quarter of 2013. The increase in unit cost is attributable to higher production task and operating expenses associated with the company’s rapidly growing high-margin oil production. In addition, $22 million of non-recurring G&A transaction expenses associated with EnLink, Energy or Southern transactions and a change in our timing of our annual stock-based compensation grant resulted in an increase in the first quarter G&A. This stock-based equity grants were previously made in the fourth quarter of each year. However, to better raise stock-based compensation to the year’s performance, the 2013 grant was delayed to the first quarter of ‘14 resulting in no grant during the calendar year of 2013. In the upcoming quarter, we expect improvements in our unit cash cost looking specifically at our largest cash cost, least operating expense, we expect second quarter LOE to decline by about 5% sequentially to a range of $9 to $9.25 per BOE. This expected improvement in unit LOE cost is driven by our first full quarter of production from our low cost Eagle Ford assets and our high cost Canadian conventional business that took effect at the beginning of April. For those of you modeling Devon, it’s important to incorporate the change in our go-forward DD&A rates. In the second quarter, we expect DD&A expense to increase to a range of $13 to $14 per BOE. This increase in DD&A which of course is a non-cash expense is primarily attributable to a full quarter of depletion expense associated with our newly acquired Eagle Ford properties and the consolidation of EnLink. For the full year, our DD&A forecast remains unchanged at $12.5 to $14.5 per BOE. Cutting to the bottom line, our non-GAAP earnings increased to $547 million or $1.34 per share. This is more than double our earnings per share in the year-ago quarter and comfortably exceeded the Wall Street consensus expectations. This improved profitability translated into higher cash flows with first quarter operating cash flow totaling $1.4 billion, a 41% year-over-year. Before we open the call to Q&A, I’ll conclude my remarks with a quick review of our balance sheet and liquidity. At the end of the first quarter, our financial position remains strong reflecting an investment grade credit ratings across the board. With cash balances at $2 billion, we exited the quarter with a net debt balance of $13.5 billion. Of this amount, $1.5 billion of net debt is attributable to EnLink and is non-recourse to Devon. If you include the proceeds from the closing of our Canadian conventional divestiture package in early April, our net debt decreased to about $11 billion or just over $9 billion if you exclude EnLink’s net debt. Looking ahead, any proceeds from our U.S. divestiture process will be utilized to reduce debt further strengthening our high quality balance sheet. So with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Vince for Q&A. Vince.
Vince White: Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: Good morning, gentlemen. It seems like the strong of the quarter was the Delaware Basin inventory update. So I just wanted to know if you can maybe elaborate a little bit on what drove the increase in the inventory. I believe your type curve was around 500 Mbo. Any thoughts on overall well performance? And I know you’re not ready to talk about the program next year. But could we see a pretty significant increase in activity? And how many rigs you’re running today in the Delaware?
Dave Hager: Hi Arun, this is Dave. I’ll take a stab at that. We’re currently running 12 rigs in the Delaware. And yes, as we said, we do anticipate a significant increase next year as we work our way through all the limitations that currently exists out there – the availability of cash processing capacity, availability of rigs, completion crews, manpower, et cetera. And we’re working through all of those factors as we speak. Yes, this was a big story for us. And there are really two key things that factored into this, one is we have continued to appraise our acreage position throughout the Delaware Basin particularly in Lea and Eddy County. And so as we’re getting those results, it’s given us greater confidence to up our risk inventory. And obviously the results from those wells have been outstanding throughout our acreage position. And second, frankly, we’ve just taken the time to look at it in a more comprehensive manner than we’ve been able to do previously. And then we looked at it more comprehensively coupled with the outstanding well results across our entire acreage position. We suspected it was there, but we were basically able to move into our risk inventory. And so we feel very good. And I would point that the slide that we included there, Slide 11, did not include anything for the Wolfcamp. And the Wolfcamp we think has tremendous prospectivity in Southeastern Mexico. There’s just not a lot of wells have been drilled there yet. So we think as there’s additional wells drilled in that area that that inventory is going to increase also.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: Okay. My question is on the Eagle Ford. It sounded like you’re well on track in terms of ‘14 despite the lower March. But as we think about the ‘15 program, a lot of confidence here around production north of or in excess of 100,000 barrels a day. Can you just talk about the confidence in the ramp and what’s given you that confidence? Is there early well results or what?
Dave Hager: Yes, I’ll take a stab at that again, Arun. Absolutely, the well results have been 100% consistent with our acquisition expectations. These are outstanding wells. These are wells in the core of the core of the Eagle Ford. And so that gives us tremendous confidence, our infrastructure needs, our continuing to be build out. Frankly we think that already in the first couple of months that we’ve owned the asset, that grains [ph] have improved efficiency to the overall process and all of that put together gives us tremendous that we’re going to have the ramp that we talked about.
John Richels: And Arun, it’s John. One thing I’d just toss in here to what David has already said, you’ll recall that when we did that acquisition, we indicated that GeoSouthern and BHP prior to the acquisition had drilled at least one well on every drilling unit across the DeWitt County acreage. So this confidence that Dave is talking about at Wall Street by the fact that we’ve got pretty darn good idea about what every drilling unit on that acreage looks like.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s great. Then just final question, as we think about heavy oil for the balance of the year, just thoughts on how you see that market playing out. And I know in ‘15, one of the potential headwinds exists on the Alberta Clipper, which hasn’t been approved yet by the State’s requirement. Any thoughts on ‘15 heavy oil differentials and is there enough rail maybe to soften the blow of the Alberta Clipper?
Darryl Smette: Yes, this is Darryl. You’re exactly on point. We do expect that we’re going to see increased takeaway capacity with the Flanagan South pipeline. That’s due to come on mid-2014 probably later part of July is the date that we’re getting out to Enbridge. That’s a 585,000 barrel a day pipeline. We have a couple of permits that we have to get from the BOM, but anticipate that that will come on stream. That will bring additional capacity from Chicago down to the Cushing hub and then onto the gulf coast. The Alberta Clipper is the line that runs from Hardisty in Alberta down to the neck points in the mid-continent. That would add about 800,000 barrels a day of capacity. That is generally requiring only additional pump stations or more horse power, not additional line looping. We’re awaiting on or they’re awaiting – Enbridge is waiting on the government to issue those permits. The latest indication, we have from them is that they will expect those permits later on this year and so that capacity should be operational sometime in 2015.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot.
Vince White: Darryl, could you just bring that all together and summarize – I mean you have a lot of detailed knowledge there clearly, but summarize what this means for differentials.
Darryl Smette: Well, in terms of differentials, they’ve been fairly volatile. And supply and demand have been fairly balanced over the last couple of years. And we have seen that volatility ranging anywhere from $20 up to as high as $40.5. With that additional capacity coming on stream including some additional capacity, some of the refineries, we think those differentials will have downward pressure. So while they’ll still remain volatile, we think that they’ll be on that $20 to $25 barrel range and maybe $26 barrel range consistently rather than the volatility that we’ve seen from $20 up to $40 or $45.
Vince White: Thank you.
Darryl Smette: And no, Vince, I might also add just as an addition there, is that we do have as an industry as lot of rail capacity now. Two years ago, as an industry, we had about 125,000 barrels or rail capacity out of Canada to United States. By the end of this year, that will be close to 650,000 barrels a day. So not only are we hopeful with the pipelines coming on stream, but there is also the additional rail capacity that makes us feel very good about where differentials are going.
Vince White: Great. Operator, I want to remind everybody to limit their questions to one initial inquiring and one follow up. And we’re ready for the next participant.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I appreciate you getting me engaged. I’ll try to do a quick one hopefully. So I’m trying to understand how we should interpret the balance sheet comment because you’ve obviously got substantial inventory potential in the Delaware, but also the Eagle Ford inventory is going up and now you’ve got the Rockies and – I guess the Cana is audited [ph] as well. Should we think of you spending your cash like old Devon or should we think about you starting to use your balance sheet to accelerate the overall pace. I know you’re not ready to give details specifically yet, but just high level how should we think about activity roles?
Vince White: This is Vince, Doug. My first observation is while we have this growing resource inventory, we also have a lot of growth in cash flow. So when you look at 2015 with the free cash flow thrown off by the Eagle Ford over and above the capital requirements and by our thermal projects, we’ve got a lot of capacity to invest in this expanding inventory.
Dave Hager: And Doug, we’re in a position now – the reason we’re so excited about where we are as a company frankly, we’re in a position now where we think we can grow our oil productions which is obviously our highest margin product by 20% of more for a considerable period of time while living within cash flow. And with a $9 billion debt level, we’re probably at a fairly appropriate place for us to be. And we haven’t been in the position in the past few years of being able to grow that kind of production which – and the important part of it is of course is that we’re also commensurately growing our cash flow per share without ramping up debt or summoning [ph] bunch of equity out the door. And that’s pretty exciting position for us to be in. And that kind of growth rate for company our size I think stacks up pretty well.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, a big change from six months ago for sure [ph]. My follow up real quick is ownership in the GP, just a big picture of comments there in terms of – 70%, it just seems there’s no need to really have that big of a position. I’m just curious as how you’re thinking about that and all these matters [ph]. Thank you.
Dave Hager: Yes, that’s turned out really well for us. As you know, as we said, we put those assets in at about $4.8 billion worth [indiscernible] today. So there’s been a huge amount of accretion and it’s a strategic asset for us. We’ve always wanted to keep control of those assets or have some influence over those assets because they’re so integral to our operations. And we think there’s going to be a lot of value accretion at the EnLink level over the next few years not only from a bunch of really exciting ideas that are – the management team at EnLink has but also through the continuation of the dropdowns from the general partner and also from Devon. And you’ll recall we’ve given a right of first offer to EnLink to purchase the expanded access pipeline in Canada when it’s complete. So we’re going to see a lot of growth. Now having said that, you’re absolutely right that they’re – we got a larger position today than we ultimately need to control. But that’s not lost [ph] on us. We always look at ways to realize that. But frankly, we got to do something that is creative and innovative, Doug, because just selling a bunch of units and paying a lot of tax isn’t the way to do it. So we’re really actually excited about that position and the continued growth, but we’ll always keep our eye on that.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Vince White: Operator, we’re ready for the next question.
Operator: Great. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. You touched on Canadian oil realizations earlier but I wanted to ask on U.S. oil realizations which looks like they widened out a bit. I assume some of that is adding condensate in Eagle Ford but I wanted to see how you think your differentials will fall out as we go forward both on the condensate front of Eagle Ford and then if you expect any bottlenecks in the Permian both from a midstream ability to get oil out and then also if there are any changes in your gravity in related realizations of the Delaware Basin.
Darryl Smette: Yeah, this is Darryl again. Let’s first take the Permian. We have seen differentials widen there since the end of last year into the first quarter where differentials both for West Texas sour and West Texas sweet were about $3.50. Fourth – or the second quarter this year looks like that’s going to be closer to $8 as driven by a couple of facts. We’ve just been increased production out of the Permian Basin, plus there were some refinery maintenance that extended longer than was anticipated, about three weeks. That’s caused a bottleneck and a buildup of supply. All of that should be relieved by the end of this quarter as we have another 350,000 barrels a day of pipeline capacity coming on stream – 50,000 is an expansion of the longhorn system that was put in place last year; 300,000 of that is BridgeTex. So when you add all of that capacity, that gives you about 5.6 million barrels of export capacity. There’s about 400 million, I guess, of refining and production out there that’s around 1.5 million. So right now, we think the differentials while they’re $8, that’s going to narrow somewhat less than 250 as we go through the rest of the year. So we feel pretty good about that. As we look at differentials in the Eagle Ford, our average gravity in Eagle Ford is about 52 degrees. First month that we had that asset, our net differential of WTI was about $7. We expect that to continue to be volatile as more of that type of crude is produced. But we think that’s going to be volatile in a range of about $6 to $12 of WTI. That should work itself up. We think based on the projects that are ongoing in terms of splitters that will allow some of that lighter end product to be split out. In the next board, we think that differential will narrow down to the $6 to $8 range as we go forward. All of these are things that we have anticipated when we made the acquisition. Our view still hasn’t changed.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. That’s helpful. And then just thinking in the 2015, your comments on increasing activity again particularly on the Permian Basin, what are you doing to mitigate the cost inflation and what level of cost increases are you expecting or able to withstand when you think about that in CapEx and activity levels?
Darryl Smette: Well, the economics on these plays are pretty robust. So although the plays could handle higher CapEx, we do a lot of work to avoid that situation obviously. And we have just actually finished for this year and just recently our rebidding [ph] of all our stimulation work for the year were able – we have very good relationships with the key vendors, have had them over multiple years. We were able to avoid any significant price increases. That’s going to be basically flat in 2014 versus 2013. And we anticipate that these type of relationships are going to help us significantly in the future. I can’t predict exactly what 2015 is going to look like but when you think of 2014, it’s already had rapidly increasing activity in the Permian. But there is at the same time a lot of additional capacity coming into the Permian. So I don’t think we’re going to have a significant issue there.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Darryl Smette: Operator, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Subash Chandra from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: Yeah, hi. I just want to confirm that Eagle Ford guidance did not include Lavaca County.
Darryl Smette: It does include Lavaca County. That includes our entire Eagle Ford position, the 17,000, 18,000 which is what we originally got into also.
Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: Right, okay. Got it, okay. And the second one on the Permian and Bone Springs and it looks like it’ll be a Bone Spring heavy program. What sort of initiatives are there or potential for more water recycling out in the Delaware and what are sort of the technical challenges of doing that, if any?
John Richels: Yeah, probably one of the biggest challenges that we have is – and you can get an idea from the map that we included in there, but our acreage is spread out throughout DeWitt and Eddy County. So to the degree that we have contiguous position that has sufficient scale, that allows us to get into where water recycling can work more efficiently. And we’re working through that right now. We’re already doing that in the South Midland Basin as we speak and we’re looking for opportunities to expand that into the Delaware Basin.
Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: And just along those lines, some of these other horizons, Leonard, et cetera, are they dryer than the Bone Springs –
Darryl Smette: Well, we have included in our account essentially the oil areas of each of these because these are the ones that we think are economic. So I know these are – with Leonard, I think some of the industry competition has been talking about wells or drilling in the Leonard and we’re right in and amongst those wells. But frankly, we have as good, if not, better acres positioned. Some of the other people are talking about it. So we feel very good and actually, the Wolfcamp extends further to the west than we have outlined on the map but we’ve just really highlighted what we think is the oily portion of the Wolfcamp on that map. So, no, these are essentially – these are really oil opportunities that have strong economics right now.
Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: Okay. I guess I was referring in terms of dry, in terms of not having quite as much formation water as the conventional targets like Bone Springs.
Darryl Smette: No significant difference that I’m aware of but I may have to research that a little more. But I’m not aware of any significant changes.
Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers Investments. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Thank you and good morning.
John Richels: Good morning, Jeff.
Dave Hager: Good morning.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: I wanted to ask – kind of jump to the Powder River. How contiguous is your position there? And along with that, do you have multiples on exposure on some of the acreage or do the frontier in the Parkman and Turner tend to occur individually on discrete locations?
John Richels: We have acreage throughout Campbell County but we also have some very nice positions that our contiguous in that area. To give you an idea, we have so far been what I would consider appraisal mode – appraising areas throughout Campbell County. Now we are in the position into Parkman and to a large degree also into Turner. But we’re going to go into full development mode on those formations. And so what you’re going to see from us in the future is better economic – overall economic results as we can focus on development and get our costs down, get our EURs up even more consistently. So we’re seeing outstanding results. And I can tell you that our program in the last quarter really delivered good results and you’re going to see a continuous movement in that direction as we get out of the mode of appraising our entire acreage position and get into the mode of focusing on the most economic development areas.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: So just to follow up on what you just said, as you go into development mode, will you start to see a significant rise in rigs as we’re going to see in Delaware or does there still need to be some more work done before you –
John Richels: We think the opportunity is there. We’re going to have three rigs working right now. We want to walk before we run, I guess you’d say. But there’s certainly opportunity to raise the rig count in the future. But we’re going to see how these developments go. And if they work out the way we think they’re going to work out, the opportunity is certainly there to raise the rig count in the future.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Great. And if I can ask just another quick question. Can you tell me what your current well spacing assumptions are for your 2015 production projections in Eagle Ford?
John Richels: There are various well spacing assumptions depending on exactly where the wells are located throughout our acreage position. They vary on the order of 40 acres to 80 acres for the average about 60-acre spacing.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay, great. Thank you.
John Richels: Okay. Well, folks, we’re sure on top of the hour and if there are any other questions, don’t hesitate to call us. We’ll be around all day. And just before signing off, let me leave you with just a few takeaways from today’s call. First, I think we’ve done an excellent job of improving our portfolio on a very short period of time. Devon’s emerged with a formidable portfolio that’s on track to deliver multi-year growth production – oil production growth in excess of 20% while generating free cash flow. And as evidenced by our Q1 results, our pursuit of high margin production is significantly expanding our margins and profitability. And finally, the resource potential associated with our world-class Permian position continues to get better with time and is clearly a cornerstone growth asset for Devon. As I mentioned earlier, as I look ahead, I’ve never been more excited about the future prospects for Devon. Even with all of the exciting changes, our approach to the business remains unchanged. We will continue to aggressively pursue our top strategic objective of maximizing shareholder returns by optimizing long term growth and debt adjusted cash flow per share. So we look forward to talking with you again at the next call and thank you very much for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - SVP, Communications and IR John Richels - President and CEO David Hager - COO
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird Charles Meade - Johnson Rice
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you, and welcome everyone to Devon's fourth quarter and year-end 2013 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. I'll cover a few housekeeping items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. John will provide an overview of our 2013 results and his thoughts on the year ahead. And then Dave Hager, our Chief Operating Officer will provide an update on Devon’s operations. Following the operations update, we will turn the call back over to John to finish off our prepared remarks with a review of our financial results and to provide some specific guidance for the upcoming quarter and for the full year 2014. After our financial discussion, as usual we’ll have a Q&A session. We’ll conclude the call after one hour and a replay of the call will be available later today on our website. The Investor Relations team will also be available after the call should we have any additional questions. On the call today, we’re going to provide forward looking estimates for capital, production, price realizations and other important items for 2014. Later today, we will file a Form 8-K that contains our detailed estimates for the upcoming year. The guidance page of our website will contain a copy of the 8-K along with other significant forward looking estimates that we mention during the call today. To access this guidance, just click on the guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of the Devon website. The guidance we provide today includes plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates and they are all forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These are of course, subject to a number of assumptions, risk and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. You can see a comprehensive discussion of the risk factors relating to these estimates in our Form 10-K. Also in today's call, we'll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide certain related disclosures. Those can also be found on Devon's website.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. 2013 was another year of strong execution and exciting change for Devon. Our oil focused drilling programs not only accomplished impressive oil production growth, but also successfully expanded margins and improved our operating cash flow. Additionally, we’ve taken some bold steps in a relatively short period of time to high grade our portfolio and improve Devon’s growth trajectory. We did this through an accretive Eagle Ford at our shale acquisition, an innovative midstream combination and the initiation of an asset divestiture program. Now let’s briefly recap some of the past year’s highlights in a little more detail. In 2013, we had outstanding success growing U.S. oil production, our highest margin product driven by our development programs in the Permian Basin; we increased our light sweet crude production in the U.S. to 78,000 barrels per day, up 32% compared to 2012. This highly profitable U.S. oil production growth is particularly impressive considering the large base of oil production that we are [drilling] [ph] off, a base that ranks Devon as one of the largest independent oil producers in the U.S. Our pursuit of oil production resulted in higher revenues and improved profitability as well. In 2013, company-wide oil revenue increased by 23% compared to the previous year and accounted for more than half of our total upstream revenue. This revenue growth combined with the strong focus on cost containment improved our operating cash flow in 2013 by 10% year-over-year, significantly exceeding Wall Street estimates. Looking beyond our reported results we also made some exciting portfolio changes at Devon during 2013. In October, we announced the strategic combination of our U.S. midstream assets with Crosstex to form EnLink Midstream. The creation of EnLink greatly improves the diversification, capital efficiency and growth trajectory of our midstream holdings. Additionally, this innovative transaction allowed us to obtain an immediate market-based valuation for the U.S. portion of our midstream business. At the time of the announcement, Devon contributed assets valued at $4.8 billion. As of yesterday’s closing prices, our ownership interest in EnLink was valued at more than $8.3 billion or roughly a third of Devon’s market capitalization. The combination has already resulted in an additional $3.5 billion of value or the equivalent of more than $8 per share and we expect additional value to accrue as EnLink grows and develop its assets. And further significant transaction for us announced in late November was our acquisition of Eagle Ford assets. This transaction allowed us to secure a world-class light oil acreage position in the very best part of the Eagle Ford offering some of the highest rate of return drilling opportunities in North America. We were able to acquire these premier assets in the economic heart of the play at a price well below our current EBITDA multiple. Given the attractive purchase price, the Eagle Ford acquisition is immediately accretive to Devon shareholders on virtually every metric including most importantly double-digit growth in cash flow per share adjusted for debt. In conjunction with our Eagle Ford transaction, we also announced our intent to monetize non-core E&P properties both in the U.S. and in Canada. This initiative further sharpens Devon’s focus on core assets, delivering material growth rates or substantial free cash flow. This morning we are pleased to announce the sale of our entire Canadian conventional business, excluding Horn River for approximately C$3.125 billion or at current exchange rate US$2.8 billion. This transaction values are natural gas levered Canadian conventional business at approximately 7x 2013 EBITDA. This is a substantial premium compared to our current trading multiple and is immediately accretive to Devon shareholders. Additionally, this was a very tax efficient transaction for Devon. After adjusting for Canadian taxes and tax on repatriation of funds to the U.S. we expect net proceeds of approximately US$2.7 billion. We will utilize these net proceeds to reduce the debt that we are taking on with the Eagle Ford acquisition and we expect to close this transaction in the second quarter. The sale to Canadian Natural is in addition to minor asset sales of other Canadian conventional assets in early 2014 of about another C$155 million. The attractive monetization of our largest divestiture properties in such a short time period is a significant step forward in the execution of our overall divestiture process. For our remaining divestiture assets in the U.S. even before opening our data rooms we are seeing significant buyer interest. We expect to have all these asset packages on the market in the second quarter and remain confident that we are on track to finish this divestiture process by year end. We will provide additional updates on our progress as we move throughout the year. So the New Devon has greater focus with our retained asset base in five-core development plays, three of which reside in some of the most attractive oil prone basins in North America, the Eagle Ford, the Permian Basin, and the Canadian oil sands. Each of these core oil assets represents a low risk and high margin production growth opportunity with the scale to significantly impact the results of the company our size. The retained liquids rich gas component of the New Devon is anchored by our Barnett and Anadarko basin assets, these core areas currently generate large amounts of free cash flow and provide significant gas optionality. So in aggregate, Devon emerges with a formidable and balanced portfolio position to deliver multi-year same-store sales oil growth of around 20% per year.  The New Devon is also delivering top line production growth in spite of letting gas volumes decline all while living within operating cash flow. With large high quality acreage positions in each of our core assets, we have no shortage of investment opportunities. Focusing on our go-forward business, we expect E&P capital spending to range from $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion in 2014, excluding about $250 million of capital associated with the divesture assets. This spending focused primarily in low-risk oil development plays is expected to increase average oil production for our go-forward properties to a range of 198,000 to 216,000 barrels per day in 2014. This represents a company-wide oil growth rate of approximately 35% year-over-year on a reported basis for our go-forward assets or about 20% on the same-store sales basis.  The majority of our oil production growth in 2014 will come from aggressive development of Eagle Ford and Permian, driving our reported light oil production in US about 75% higher than 2013 levels. After taking into account declines in natural gas, we expect the mid-point of our total BOE production on our go-forward properties to increase by roughly 10% on a reported basis over 2013. This high margin production mix in 2014 will lead to further margin expansion and translate into improved cash flow growth for the company. As already mentioned, we expect to deliver these attractive results while keeping total capital spending within operating cash flow for the year. Looking beyond the attractive growth that the repositioned Devon is going to deliver in 2014, our go-forward portfolio is also positioned for excellent high margin growth in 2015. Assuming today’s price environment and constant costs, our organic oil production growth in 2015 is shaping up to exceed 20% while delivering free cash flow. The Eagle Ford and Permian will once again drive competitive production growth in the US and we should see significant oil growth out of Canada as our Jackfish 3 project begins to contribute meaningful volume in 2015. This increase in Canadian oil volumes coincide with our expectation for improved demand and take away capacity.  Increased refinery demand and critical new pipeline and rail take away capacity will allow Canadian crudes unprecedented access to the US Gulf Coast. This will likely narrow the volatile price differentials we’ve seen on Canadian crudes over the past few years, providing a catalyst that should further enhance our profitability in 2015 and beyond.  So in summary, we’re very pleased with the way Devon is positioned for the future. As we integrate the recent acquisitions into our portfolio, maximize divesture proceeds and deliver on growth expectations, we are poised to create value for our shareholders in the upcoming years. So at this point, I’ll turn the call over to David Hager for a more detailed operations review. David?
David Hager:  Thanks John, good morning, everyone. I’ll start my comments this morning with a brief review of reserves. Crude reserves for oil, gas and NGLs totalled three billion barrels of oil equivalent at year end. On the Euro side of the portfolio, reserves increased to a record 837 million barrels. During the year, our oil-focused drilling programs added 112 million barrels of drill-bit oil reserve additions and by drill-bit, I’m referring to extensions, discoveries and performance revisions. These drill-bit oil additions replaced approximately 180% of the oil we produced in 2013. This was largely driven by our continued success in the Permian and is particularly impressive given that 2013 was not a year of significant heavy oil bookings in Canada. On the gas and natural gas liquid side of the portfolio, not surprisingly 2013 was not a big year for reserve additions given our level of drilling activity. While we did see positive reserve revisions for higher natural gas prices, this was largely offset by negative revisions mostly attributable to the SEC five-year rule. Given our outlook for gas and NGL pricing relative to oil in the near-to-medium term, these negative revision represent a reduction in the lowest margin barrels within our portfolio and are of little consequence from a value perspective. In contrast, extensions, discoveries related to our oil-focused development activity generated $4 billion in future net cash flows year-over-year, more than offsetting the negative gas revisions and driving our overall PV-10 up year-over-year. All-in our F&D for the year came in at $22 per Boe. Excluding the negative revisions related to the five-year rule, our all-in F&D would've been approximately $18 per Boe. Another metric commonly tracked by analyst is proved developed F&D. This metric measures an E&P company’s ability to convert undrilled locations to proved developed reserves in a cost-effective manner ultimately translating into earnings and cash flow. In 2013, we did an outstanding job of this as we focus on converting the highest margin resources in the cash flow. During the year, we added 392 million Boe of proved developed reserve additions and by this I’m referring to our year-over-year change in proved developed reserves plus production. These proved developed reserve additions replaced 155% of our 2013 production and were achieved with development capital of approximately $5 billion, translating into a very competitive proved developed F&D cost of just under $13 per Boe. Before I move into a detailed review of our operations, it is important to understand how we're approaching capital allocation in 2014. With the addition of the Eagle Ford assets and our decision to limit capital spending to our expected cash flow, we have high-graded activity across our portfolio. This optimization has resulted in a prioritization of our Eagle Ford and Permian and reduced activity levels across several other areas compared to previous years. In 2014, we planned to spend approximately $1.5 billion in the Permian and $1.1 billion in the Eagle Ford, $1.1 billion on our heavy oil projects in Canada as Thermal and Lloyd, $600 million in the liquid rich areas of the Barnett -- of the Barnett shale and Anadarko basin combined and $600 million in our emerging Rockies and Mississippian-Woodford oil plays. With this context in mind, let’s look at new Devon’s key assets in more detail. Beginning with our core oil areas, fourth quarter production in the Permian averaged a record 86,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, a 29% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. Light oil production continues to account for roughly 60% of our total Permian production. In the Delaware basin, our Bone Spring horizontal program continues to be one of the most significant drivers of our Permian oil growth. In the fourth quarter, we brought 21 Bone Spring wells on line with average 30 day IP rates of 800 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 70% was light oil. These production results were about 40% over better than our published tight oil profile. We continue to have considerable success in regenerating our inventory in the Bone Springs.  Our record recent drilling activity to third Bone Spring across portions of South East AD and South East New Counties as they were adapt to add roughly 200 additional risk location to our inventory. This marks third increase over the past 12 years to our Bone Spring's inventory. We now have roughly 1600 unreal Bone Spring locations identified and we fully expect at our on-going drilling and geological workable region further inventory increases in the past year right oil play. We currently have 11 operated rigs running in the Bone Spring. Also in the Delaware Basin, we completed our first horizontal Wolfcamp test in Ward County. During the fourth quarter the Martinsville 124H was brought online with an average 30 day IP rate of 950 barrels of oil equivalent per day including 800 barrels of oil. This is an encouraging result that has positive implications for our more than 100,000 net perspective acres in Delaware Wolfcamp.  So, in total across the Delaware Basin we planned to invest approximately 900 million of capital and drill approximately 160 wells in 2014. Our Bone Spring program will once again be the primary focus of our activity in the area where it was planned to stand about $600 million of capital and drill roughly 130 wells. With continued success in the Bone Spring and additional gas take away capacity anticipated over the next 12 months. We expect to have the option to increase our pace of development in the Bone Spring in 2015. Although our 2014 program in Delaware Basin will be almost exclusively focused on our low risk high return Bone Spring oil development. We do plan to continue appraising our Delaware Basin Wolfcamp acreage this year. Shifting to the Midland-Basin we continue to see solid results from our oil development program and the Wolfcamp Shale where we have a joint venture partnership with Sumitomo. During the fourth quarter, we tied in 24 new horizontal Wolfcamp wells with a niche of 30 day production rates averaging 410 barrels of oil equivalent per day, right in line with our type well expectations. On the drilling front we set a record in the fourth quarter, taking just four days to drill a well at TD. Well not the average, it does illustrate the success we are having and achieving greater efficiencies and lowering costs. We are currently drilling or currently running five operated rigs and expect to add a six rig in April. In 2014, the partnership will spend approximately $800 million and drill of about 140 wells after the benefit for our drilling [indiscernible] Devon's portion will be just over $200 million in the play this year. In summary for the Permian, we expect $1.5 billion capital program to drive strong oil production growth for the company in 2014. Our $1.3 million net acres in the Permian represent one of the largest and highest quality acres positions in the industry. We have established thousands of undrilled, low risk locations in the Permian and with our success scenarios like Bone Spring, this inventory continues to grow. In addition, the success of our on-going efforts to improve efficiencies and reduce cost is further enhancing the returns in our light oil development plays. As we announced in November, Devon has acquiring 82,000 net acres in the world class Eagle Ford oil play. This acreage is located in DeWitt and Lavaca counties, which was proven to be in the very best part of Eagle Ford, capable of delivering outstanding well results that ultimately translate into exceptional rates of return, with the majority of our acreage de risks, adding this top tier light oil development opportunity to our portfolio provides additional low risk repeatable oil growth for years to come. Causing this transaction remains on track for the beginning of March, for those of you modelling Devon we expect our net product in Eagle Ford to average between 70,000 and 80,000 BOE per day for the ten months that we will have assets in 2014. Also, assuming our March closing we expect our capital investment in Eagle Ford to be about $1.1 billion in 2014. These forward looking estimates for product and capital are right in line with our previously provided 2014 guidance after you adjust for not only Eagle assets in January or February. At our thermal oil projects in Northeast Alberta, fourth quarter gross production from our two Jackfish projects averaged roughly 58,000 barrels of oil per day or 53,000 barrels per day after royalties. As a reminder, our reported net thermal oil production can fluctuate due to the slidings royalty scale imposed by the Alberta government on these projects. The factors that impact the sliding scale include cost recovery, commodity pricing and the foreign exchange rate. At Jackfish 1, gross production averaged 35,000 barrels per day or 31,000 barrels per day net of royalties. At Jackfish 2, fourth quarter gross production continued to ramp up, averaging all-time high of 23,000 barrels of oil per day or 21,800 barrels per day net of royalties. Production from our new well pad that began steaming in the third quarter, have been ramping up as expected. This pad had peak gross production, is expected to contribute up to 8,000 barrels of oil per day. It is worth noting in spite of record low temperatures this winter, our Jackfish 1 and Jackfish 2 facilities have maintain 99% uptime, continuing their recurring of excellent reliability and efficiency. Construction of Jackfish 3 is nearly complete with total capital expenditures for the plant and an initial well pad projected to come in on budgets at a $1.4 billion. Plant commissioning activities will begin in the second quarter, and we expect to begin injecting steam in the third quarter this year. Delivery of first oil is scheduled to occur late this year with production ramping up throughout 2013. As John mentioned, we are excited about resumption of oil growth out of our Canada assets as our Jackfish 3 project continues to contribute meaningful volumes in 2015. It appears that the timing of our oil growth and Canadian oil volumes will coincide nicely with the improved demand and takeaway capacity expected in the market. We’ve continued ramp up of heavy throughput at BP’s Whiting refinery, the addition of new rail facilities that could add up more than 500,000 barrels a day of capacity and the new 600,000 barrels per day Flanagan South pipeline in U.S. Gulf Coast are all expected later this year. These factors should have a narrowing impact on differentials and reduce the overall pricing volatility we have seen on Canadian crudes over the past few years. Ultimately, we expect these factors to further enhance our profitability in 2015 and beyond. At Pike, our thermal oil sands joint venture with BP, we expect to make a decision on the first phase of Pike development and receive regulatory approval later this year. As a reminder, the Pike 1 development project will have ultimate gross production capacity of 105,000 barrels of oil per day. Devon operates Pike with a 50% working interest. Shifting now to our two core liquids rich areas, the Barnett and Anadarko Basin, with decreased growth capital allocated to these areas, our focus remains managing based production. Between the Barnett and Anadarko Basin, we plan to invest about $600 million and plan to drill approximately 200 wells in only the most economic portion of these plays. In aggregate, we expect these properties to generate about $1 billion of free cash flow in 2014. These areas also represent significant gas optionality for our portfolio, should the economic environment improve for gas. And finally, on the emerging play front, we continue to evaluate potential across our Mississippian-Woodford Trend position in North Central Oklahoma. December production for their play averaged 16,000 Boe per day, representing a 47% increase from the September average and exceeding our target exit rate of 15,000 Boe per day. For the fourth quarter, total production averaged 14,000 Boe per day. This solid production was driven by 66 wells tied in on our joint venture acreage with average 30-day IP rates of about 300 Boe per day, right in line with our tight curve expectations. As I mentioned earlier, the anticipated addition of the Eagle Ford assets to our opportunity set and our decision to grow within operating cash flow has resulted in high grading across our portfolio and the Mississippian-Woodford is no exception. In 2014, we expect to maintain positive momentum in this play focusing our activity on our joint venture acreage where we have the benefit of the JV carry. The partnership will spend approximately $850 million to run an inter-rig program and drill more than 200 wells. After the benefit of Devon’s drilling carry, Devon’s portion will be about $200 million in the play this year. So in summary, we had strong execution in 2013 and we’re on course to deliver another year of robust growth in 2014. With that, I’ll turn the call back to John for the financial review and outlook, John?
John Richels: Thanks, David. Our new Chief Financial Officer, Tom Mitchell joined us on Monday of this week and of course, a lot of you know Tom and I’d just like to take this opportunity to welcome Tom to the Devon senior leadership team. For those of you who don’t know Tom, I’m sure you’ll have the opportunity or many opportunities to get to know him over the next while. Since Tom has only been here for a couple of days, I’m going to cover the financial review today. But you can expect to hear from Tom in future quarters. So let me start with a brief review of the financial and operating results for 2013 as well as a bit of a commentary on our outlook for 2014. For those of you modeling Devon, we will file a Form 8-K after the call today that contains detailed first quarter and full year estimates for both our go forward assets and the divestiture assets. Estimates for our divestiture assets assume a full year of results. As we close on these divestiture packages throughout the year, we’ll provide updated guidance. So let’s start with production. Our top line production in the fourth quarter averaged 696,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which was well above the midpoint of our previous forecast. Looking specifically at the oil side of our business, we again delivered excellent volume growth. Fourth quarter oil production averaged 177,000 barrels per day setting a new quarterly record and exceeding the top end of our guidance range by about 2000 barrels per day. Our most significant growth came from the U.S. where high margin, light oil production increased 32% year-over-year. Looking forward to the first quarter and assuming one month of contribution from the Eagle Ford properties, we expect our average daily oil production from our go forward properties to range between 172,000 and 180,000 barrels per day which excludes about 14,000 barrels per day that are associated with the divestiture assets. This implies a first quarter year-over-year growth rate of around 20% for our go forward properties on a reported basis. Driving this first quarter growth is a 50% increase and high margin oil production from our go forward U.S. operations. Combining this meaningful oil growth with our projected growth in NGLs and the declines we expect in natural gas production, we expect our first quarter production to range between 556,000 and 579,000 BOEs per day for our go forward properties. Now that excludes roughly 130 BOEs per day that’s attributable to the divestiture assets. This represents a top line growth rate in the mid-to-high single digits for our go forward properties on a reported basis compared to the same period a year ago. We’ll post a historical reconciliation of retained and non-core asset production on our website later today. Moving to price realizations in the fourth quarter, our regional pricing by product was generally in line with expectations. One notable exception was wider than expected differentials on Canadian oil production. For the fourth quarter Devon’s realized Canadian oil price before hedges averaged 50% of the WTI benchmarks price or about $48.50 per barrel. However, we did mitigate the impact on realizations with the cash settlements on our Western Canadian select basis swats. The basis swats enhance their overall oil price in Canada or the quarter by more than $4 per barrel or nearly 10%.  As many of you know by now, the fourth quarter weakness in Canadian oil pricing resulted from high levels of refinery downtime and restricted oil rates on key export pipelines. The good news is that these temporary bottlenecks have gradually improved, narrowing differentials in the first quarter. As a result, we now expect our Canadian oil price realizations in the first quarter to be approximately 60% of WTI. Turning now to our midstream business, our marketing and midstream operating profit reached $513 million in 2013. This result came in at the top half of our guidance range and represents a 25% increase compared to 2012. The increase in operating profit was attributable to improved natural gas prices during the year and also strong cost control. Moving to 2014, we expect our first quarter midstream operating profit to range between $125 million and $155 million. This forecast assumes the transfer of most of our midstream business to EnLink Midstream during March, which will have only a minor impact on first quarter reporting. After accounting for the inclusion of EnLink, our full year 2014 midstream operating profit is expected to range from $685 million to $755 million, which is a 40% increase compared to 2013. Beyond the first quarter, the EnLink transaction will have more significant implications on our go-forward financial reporting. Because we are the majority owner of EnLink’s general partnership at 70% and the MLP at 53%, accounting guidelines require that 100% of EnLink’s revenues, expenses, debt and capital be consolidated within our financial statements. The minority ownership interest from the financial line items that we do not own will be netted together and deducted on a line item in our financials entitled, non-controlling interest. We expect our non-controlling interest cutback for the full year 2014 be less than $50 million. It’s worth nothing that the economic reality of the EnLink transaction is very different from the accounting presentation. Devon, in fact, does not own EnLink’s assets or revenues, we’re not obligated for EnLink’s expenses or indebtedness and EnLink’s capital expenditures do not come from our cash balances. The economic reality is that we own a large portion of the entities that make up EnLink and receive a large chunk of EnLink’s cash distributions. Assuming that we had closed the transaction on January 1st of this year, our share of distributions would have been expected to be approximately $270 million for 2014. And as EnLink executes its growth plans and increase its payout, our distributions are expected to grow. Moving now to expenses, we did a good job controlling cost across our portfolio throughout 2013. In the fourth quarter, our total pre-tax cash cost came in at $15.05 per Boe, that’s about a 1% decline compared to the year ago quarter. Overall, our cost structure remains one of the best in the industry, even as we transition our portfolio to higher margin, but higher cost oil production. Looking at cost trends in 2014, the 100% consolidation of EnLink Midstream will place upward pressure on a few expense line items, but the net effect of EnLink is positive to our earnings and cash flow. As I mentioned earlier, 8-K filings that will be available after the call today contains detailed first quarter and full year estimates. Now before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to conclude my remarks with a quick review of our financial condition. In the fourth quarter, our operating cash flow totaled $1.4 billion, a 26% increase compared to the year ago period. When you include the $419 million of cash payments received from asset sales during the year, Devon generated total cash inflows of $5.9 billion in 2013. From a balance sheet and liquidity perspective, we remain exceptionally strong with investment grade credit rating and cash balances totaling $6.1 billion. In December, we repatriated another $2.3 billion of foreign cash back to the U.S. You may recall we repatriated about $2 billion of foreign cash balances earlier in 2013, so in total we’re able to successfully repatriate $4.3 billion of foreign cash back to the US in 2013 at an estimated tax rate of only 4%. To provide some perspective on the significance of this you might recall after divesting our international assets in 2010 and 2011, we guided towards a tax rate of about 20%. The lower tax rate on the amount repatriate to the US resulted in an incremental $700 million benefit to Devon shareholders are nearly $2.00 per share. In the fourth quarter, we also issued $2.2 billion -- $2.25 billion of senior notes through a combination of two, three and five-year offerings and entered into an undrawn $2 billion senior term loan facility.  Proceeds from the senior notes, the term loan facility and cash on hand will fund our previously announced Eagle Ford acquisition. As a result of these debt offerings at December 31st our net debt was $6 billion. Our year end capital structure pro forma for the closing of the Eagle Ford, EnLink and Canadian Conventional transactions increases our net debt balances to just over $10 billion of which roughly $1 billion is attributable to the EnLink consolidation. So even before any proceeds from our US divesture process that would further reduce debt, Devon is very well positioned financially with solid investment credit rating. So with that I’ll turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A, Vince.
Vince White:  Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley, your line is now open.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs, your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Can you put your E&P budget in context versus 2013, $250 million moves out for the Canadian sale then we had $1.1 billion for the Eagle Ford, can you talk more specifically about where are you’re seeing the high grading what the total change in carry is and whether capitalized interest is included in your $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion?
David Hager:  Hi Brian, this is David Hager, I’ll take a stab at that. First off, capitalized interest and G&A is not included in the $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion. When you look at where we’ve high graded the program I’ll say roughly the Permian activity is about the same; we’ve obviously added $1.1 billion in Eagle Ford, the overall capital is slightly lower than we had last year, probably a couple of hundred million or so, so there is a little bit of reduction. The biggest reduction will be in our Barnett and Cana areas where we are drilling less of the liquids rich opportunities and we’re also spending less money in the Canadian Conventional as well, and then finally we have a little bit smaller land budget this year as compared to last year. So if you look in our key development area of the Permian it’s essentially flat, key oil development area essentially flat, the heavy oil essentially flat, the addition of a oil or condensate area in the Eagle Ford and cutting back in liquids rich drilling land and the Canadian Conventional. 
John Richels: Brian, just to close the loop on that let you know that capitalized G&A and interest are about $400 million and that those are included in the total capital when we say we intend to live within cash flow in 2014.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Great, thanks, is there a major change in the carry, you didn’t mention what your after carry numbers would be in a couple of the areas but do you expect a major cause in the carried interest?
David Hager: No, it's essentially flat.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. And then in the Permian, can you talk more specifically regarding the Bone Spring wells that are trending well above your type curve whether this is something that’s regionally concentrated or specifically area concentrated or whether that broader takeaway is across your Delaware position?
John Richels: Well, I would say, we're hopeful and optimistic that it is broader takeaways across the entire Bone Spring’s position. What we've done, Brian is we have moved our activity from the North Western portion of our acreage position in Lea and Eddy counties expanding that to the South and Southeast in the same counties so to where we have additional acreage. We are starting to appraise those areas and what we're finding is that we're getting as good a well result if not better in the South and Southeast area as we had in the Northwest portion of our acreage position. Now we don't have as many wells there yet but so far the results are very encouraging. So that's why we're optimistic this inventory is going to continue to grow and frankly, we haven't booked hardly any PUDs, just being a little bit conservative there, we haven't booked hardly any PUDs on the basis of all the results that we've had there as well. So we're very optimistic that the results are going to continue and that we are actually going to be able to continue to grow the inventory as well.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
John Richels: Operator, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Hey. Good morning guys. Can you hear me now?
John Richels: Yes. Thank you.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Oh! Good. So first question maybe a follow-up on the Permian, that largely flat CapEx guide there but could you provide a rig and well count assumptions there? And then also a very strong horizontal Delaware Wolfcamp well in Ward county, just any other additional color around the well and costs, lateral length, and whether you’re targeting any other shallower zones here in 2014 or just going after the deeper formation? Thanks.
David Hager: Yeah. And we're going to, again, as I said, our activity level is essentially flat this year at around $1.5 billion, total; we're going to be drilling somewhere around the order of 350 wells across the entire Permian position all while utilizing 22 to 23 rigs, they will vary a little bit during the year, somewhere on that order. As I said during the call about $900 million of that is going to be spent in the Delaware Basin, primarily drilling Bone Spring wells, about 130 Bone Spring wells, about 160 overall wells, we’ll have 11 to 12 rigs working on that play this year. I also mentioned the Midland-Wolfcamp where we are going to spent about $200 million, in that area we plan to drill about 150 wells -- 140 wells or so in the Midland-Wolfcamp Shale and maybe about 10 or so in the Cline. We'll also spend about $200 million in the Wolfberry drilling about 40 wells using a couple of rigs there; in the Central Basin platform we’ll have about 10 wells using a couple of rigs and then we'll spend about $150 million additionally for leasing facilities, OBO, and other type projects. So there is a, I think a pretty comprehensive breakdown of our $1.5 billion.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: That's great. And any other in terms of the…
John Richels: I'm sorry, on the Delaware…
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Yeah.
John Richels: On the Delaware Wolfcamp, we're very excited about it and so we think there is potential, we have a significant acreage position not only on the Texas side, but as you move up into New Mexico, we have some geological modeling and thoughts, I would say, about where we think the most prospective area is. I obviously don't want to get into lot of details around that, but we're encouraged by what we see, we're going to continue to drill a handful of wells this year to evaluate portions of our acreage position and see if we can get some additional opportunity to capture.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Great. Just secondly if I could on the CapEx. I don't know if you gave a midstream component, if that was within the guidance that was flat year-on-year, and I mean, how do you think about midstream capital spend when living within the cash flow, meaning should that be included now that there is a strong inventory of assets that can be tax efficiently monetized into EnLink post deal close?
John Richels: Yeah. When you look pre-consolidation numbers for Devon, so excluding EnLink any capital expenditures that we will undertake are included in our segment that we intend to live within cash flow. And obviously a lot of the capital expenditures on a consolidated basis will really be EnLink’s capital.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Right. But that ultimately could be monetized through the MLP as you think about it going forward. Is that fair?
John Richels: That is fair. And we’re spending about $400 million on completion of the expansion on the Access Pipeline and that’s clearly a potential dropdown item.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Good morning
John Richels: Good morning, Arun.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: I have a quick question, just kind of clarifying the oil guidance for 2014. Is it 198 to 216 MBOE per day – BOEs per day, pardon me, just on oil excluding Canada?
John Richels:  No, that’s oil including Canada, Arun.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  Including or excluding Canada, just wanted to clarify that.
John Richels: That’s including Canada, but not – exclusive of the barrels we’re selling.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  That’s what I wanted to clarify.
John Richels: Yeah, there’s some oil in that – there some minor oil properties in the Canadian asset package and that number that we gave you excludes those barrels, excludes that 15,000 – excludes about 15,000 barrels that we’re selling.
Vincent White: So that is the go forward company.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Thanks for clarifying that. And then John, you mentioned 20% growth on top of that for 15 would be your expectation as we stand here today?
John Richels: Yes.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Okay, just wanted to clarify that.
John Richels: Yeah, thank you.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: The second point I just wanted to comment John, you talked about obviously a lower CapEx number for ’14 and you expect to see kind of 20% oil growth going forward. Do you expect to be able to do that within cash flows on a go forward basis?
John Richels: Yeah, absolutely. The position we’ve put ourselves into Arun, is with these steps that we’ve taken over the past while, is we’ve got a company now that we can grow or we can grow oil on a multiyear basis at about 20% even after we’ve let gas decline because we’re not investing in gas properties or dry gas properties at this time. We’ll still see top line growth in the mid single digits on a six to one basis probably around close to 10% on the 20 to one basis if you want to look at it more in an economic equivalency basis. And we can do all of that while living within cash flows. So it really reflects the big step up in margin that we’ve been able to accomplish and the much more prospective and efficient asset base that we have today going forward.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse:  That’s helpful. And my last question is I don’t know if Darryl Smette is on the line. I know [inaudible] is expected to come on line about the middle part of the year, just wanted to – Darryl could maybe comment on expectations on heavy oil differentials going forward after find [indiscernible] online.
Darryl Smette: Certainly, I’ll be happy to. You know, Dave mentioned in his comments and John also mentioned in his comments, over the last two and a half or three years we’ve had supply in demand get fairly low balanced for oil coming out of Canada. When I use the term demand, I’m talking about refining capacity, the oil capacity, pipeline capacity. We are starting to see now a speculation between that supply in demand as new refineries come online or have [indiscernible] and that is more heavy oil to that. And we’re also seeing increase in pipeline exploits coming out of Canada to the United States. One of those as you mentioned is planned in south. We’re planning it just outside of Chicago, for those of you who don’t know, it’s a pipeline that will move about 600,000 barrels a day from Chicago down to Kuching where it will interconnect with a couple of other pipelines and take oil to the Gulf Coast. The reason that is very important for us is about 9 million barrels of refining capacity exists in the Gulf Coast, about 35% of that is for heavy oil. So it provides excellent opportunity to move more heavy oil to the Gulf Coast market and that’s why we think as we go through the last part of this year, we actually could find South is going to be on the end of the third quarter, later fourth quarter. But we will start to see differentials become less volatile that they have been and that those differentials will continue to get narrow. 
Vincent White: This is Vince. I want to correct something I said earlier. I said that we were going to spend about $400 million in 2014 on the expansion of the Access Pipeline. That’s actually our total Devon portion of midstream expenditures. And about three fourths of that is the Access Pipeline.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hsulin Peng from Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird: Good morning, everyone. So the first question is also a clarification question. I’m sorry if I missed it, but could you give out the production associated with the U.S. non core asset sale that you are expecting this year in your guidance number?
John Richels: It will be in our detail guidance and we did provide the production associated with the Canadian reserves and it previously provided -- okay.
David Hager:  I’ve got it here, so the production, maybe fourth quarter 2013 production. First on the Canadian conventional, that we just divested, it was a total of 88,000 Boe per day consisting of 412 million cubic feet of gas a day, 9000 barrels of NGL a day and 10,000 barrels of oil a day. The remaining assets that we’re looking at divesting in the U.S. and again this could vary a little bit depending on what we actually sell. But our anticipated assets sales would have production of around 57,000 Boe per day of which a little over 250 million or so will be gas, about 9000 barrels of NGL a day and 4000 barrels of oil a day.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Got it.
David Hager: Did I gave what you wanted?
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird : Yeah, that number is excluded from your going forward, that’s a going forward number.
John Richels: That’s not in the new Devon or in the retained assets. And when we talk about new Devon or retained assets, that does not include that number.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird : Okay. Got it. And if you [inaudible] basis and also potential basis, maybe the tax basis or the assets in the U.S., this will trend out in this tax implication there potentially?
John Richels: In the U.S., our tax basis is fairly low. As you can see that was in the case in Canada. We had a very high basis and we’re able to take advantage of several other opportunities to keep our taxes down. They’re very low number coming on Canada. Now, even though we have a low basis in the United States, these properties would be available for 1031 like kind exchange, that’s something that made a sense of the time.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird: Okay, yeah, now that will be good. And then my further questions, the first one is regarding the Jackfish 3. So I think you mentioned that the first oil is expected in late ‘14. So is it fair to assume, I guess, I’m just trying to understand the ramp to the 35,000 in 2015. How is that ramp shape, is it graduals that function, how should we think about it?
John Richels: The way that these heavy oil projects work, we are going to start steaming later on this year within the third quarter. And it takes about a period of something like 16 months, 14 to 16 month to ramp up, to get enough heat in the ground, enough steam in the ground to really get that working. So that’s a typical ramp up and so when we talk about that ramp up in oil production, anticipate starting to steam this fall, you start to see an increase, the slight increase in oil production, then it continues to ramp up all the way through ‘15 and then from ‘15 onward, its pretty much running flat at 35,000 barrels a day.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird : Okay, so it is… 
John Richels: Think of it as a steady ramp-up, not a step function.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird : Okay. But the full -- the peak production is not expected until ‘16.
John Richels: Probably late ‘15 or early ‘16 somewhere near.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird : Okay, got it. And then in this Woodford area, I thought the production growth was pretty good quarter-over-quarter, this quarter. And you also mentioned that you exceeded your exit rate. I was wondering if you have a new exit rate for 2014… 
John Richels: We didn’t catch that area of that. It’s at the Miss-Woodford, you’re talking actually.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird : Right. Miss-Woodford area.
John Richels: Yeah, we had an exit rate around 16,000 in December, average about 14,000 for the quarter and exceeded our expectations of 15,000. We don't have an absolute exit rate for 2014, we are optimistic as some more 20,000 to 25,000 barrels a day. We’re still doing a lot of appraisal work out there and so there’s going to be variability. So the results probably somewhere on that order of magnitude.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
John Richels: Okay. We got a lot of questions. So we’re going to move on to the last caller.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird: Sorry.
John Richels: No problem, thank you.
Hsulin Peng - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks. 
John Richels: Operator, we're ready for the final, final question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Yes. Thanks for getting me in here guys. One quick question, I'm sorry to believe it this point, but John you said that the topline was going to be -- I believe you said top line is going to be 10% for a week in 2014 and let you know update, that is over the year as you saw some of those US assets, is that right?
John Richels : Well, I think what we said is on a going forward basis, multi-year basis, we drill the oil at somewhere around 20% and topline on a 21 basis somewhere around 10%.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Got it. Okay. And then switching to your Eagle Ford. Can you talk a bit about, I know you haven't closed on the acquisition yet, but have you been able to engage with your partner there at all and do you have any thoughts about how you might try to perhaps change, how operations have been running there last year?
David Hager: Yeah, this is Dave. Yeah, we've been able to engage with BHP quite a bit and of course we haven't closed on the transaction yet, but we have had numerous meetings with them, talking about how everything is going and how we might be able to help out with the partnership. I think the one thing in particular that we're going to really bring to the table, it is our ability to execute what you might want to call the machine. The ability to manage the large number of rigs and then actually bring those wells on production with -- in a very timely manner, that's something we're very good at. We have 35 plus rigs running in Barnett at one point and we've been very active with this unconventional plays for a long time. It's of course skillset and I think that's something that we're really going to bring to the table. We're very impressed with the technical work they are doing, I'll tell you that. So, we think we are going to have a good exchange of technical information, they are very open to listening to us, so we think it's going to be great partnership.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice: Thanks for that detail John. 
John Richels : Thanks, Charles. Well for [inaudible] I'm showing we're a little past at the top of the hour, but just before signing off let me leave you with a few key take away. First, we've taken some bold steps in a relatively short period of time to high grade our portfolio and improve the growth trajectory of our go forward business with our acquisition of the Eagle Ford, the creation of End link and the divesture of a Canadian conventional business as we talked a lot about today.  We have an emergence with a formidable and balanced portfolio positions to deliver oil production growth around 35% in 2014 led by a 75% increase in U.S oil production. We are going to achieve this attractive growth without spending within operating cash flow and lastly, while the remaining exciting changes occurring at Devon, our approach to business remains the same. We will continue to pursue our top strategic objective and that is to maximize long-term growth in cash flow per share after adjusting for debt. So, we look forward to talking with you again on the next call. And thank you very much for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White – SVP, Communications John Richels – President and CEO David Hager – EVP, Exploration and Production Jeff Agosta – CFO
Analysts:  Scott Hanold – RBC Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering & Co. David Tameron – Wells Fargo Charles Meade – Johnson Rice Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse Mark Hanson – Morningstar Biju Perincheril – Jefferies & Co.  
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy’s third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Thank you, and welcome everyone to Devon’s third quarter earnings call and webcast. Today’s call will follow our usual format. I’ll cover a few preliminary items, and then turn it over to our President and CEO, John Richels, he will provide comments on the quarter. And then following John’s remarks, Dave Hager, our Chief Operating Officer, will provide the operations update. We’ll wrap up the prepared remarks with a financial review by our CFO, Jeff Agosta. After Jeff’s discussion, we will have a Q&A session and we will conclude the call after about an hour but the investor relations team will be available for the rest of the day for any questions that we don’t get to during the call. During the call today, we’re going to update some of our forward-looking estimates based on our actual results that we’ve seen over the first nine months of the year and outlook for Q4. While we will not be filing a revised Form 8-K we will post estimates reflecting these adjustments that are provided during the call today on the guidance page of our website. To access that guidance, click on the guidance link, down within the investor relations section of the Devon website. All references today to our plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates are forward-looking statements under US securities law. These are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are, of course, not guarantees of future performance. You can see a discussion of the risk factors relating to these estimates in our Form 10-K. Also on today’s call, we will reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we’re required to provide certain related disclosures and those can be found on Devon’s website. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter was another solid one for Devon, both, operationally and financially as we continued to deliver on our strategic plan. Higher oil production combined with better prices drove significant improvements in our margins, allowing us to comfortably exceed Wall Street expectations for both earnings and cash flow for the quarter. We achieved third quarter US oil production growth of 38% year-over-year, largely driven by success in our Permian Basin development programs. Over the past two years we have doubled our light oil production in the US to 81,000 barrels per day and by yearend we expect our US light oil production to top 90,000 barrels per day. Most importantly, our success in growing our US light oil production has resulted in higher margins and improved profitability in the current commodity price environment. Looking beyond the low-risk development projects that are driving today’s growth, we’re also investing in opportunities that will provide the next leg of high margin production growth for Devon. In the US, we’re highly encouraged by the progress we’ve made with our Mississippi and Woodford and our Rockies oil plays, our light oil production in these plays is growing rapidly and it’s currently approaching 20,000 barrels per day. Dave is going to speak to this later on in the call. We’re also laying the ground work for continued long-term growth with investments in our world-class portfolio of thermal oil projects in Canada. These projects remain on-track to produce at least 150,000 barrels of oil per day by the end of the decade. And this highly visible oil production growth out of Canada will be significant contributor to our long-term success. Our company-wide focus on oil production is not only delivering volume growth but it’s also improving our revenues and cash margins. In the third quarter, oil revenue increased 19% compared to last quarter, accounting for nearly 60% of our total upstream revenue. This growth in oil revenue has helped increase our cash margin per barrel by 16% year-over-year to its highest level in recent history. Another contributing factor to our margin expansion has been our ability to effectively control costs. In the third quarter, our upstream cash cost per unit of production remained flat from last quarter. This is noteworthy considering our rapid growth in oil production. At the same time, our focus on capital discipline has resulted in total capital expenditures for 2013 remaining on-track with the full-year guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. And in the third quarter, cash inflows exceeded our capital demands. On the liquidity front, we exited September with $4.3 billion of cash with the majority of these funds residing in foreign subsidiaries. Our tax position now affords us the opportunity to repatriate an addition $2 billion of cash to the US around year-end at a tax rate in the mid-single-digits; Jeff will speak to this in a little more detail later on in the call. Finally, before I hand the call off to Dave, I’d like to briefly review our recent announcement to combine substantially all of our US midstream assets with Crosstex to form a new midstream business. This strategic combination creates one of the largest midstream companies in the United States with assets located in some of the country’s premier oil and gas regions. Devon will retain significant influence on the direction of the new company through our majority ownership interest in both the general partner and the MLP and majority representation on both boards. This transaction allows us to obtain a marked-based valuation for our US midstream business in a tax deferred manner that’s immediately accredited to our shareholders. As you may recall, our contribution of midstream assets and resulting equity ownership in the new company was initially valued at $4.8 billion. Based on yesterday’s closing prices, the market value of our ownership interest totals $6.6 billion or 16-times EBITDA of the contributed assets. This valuation equates to roughly 25% of Devon’s current market capitalization. Just as important, the transaction improved the growth trajectory of our midstream investment. A key component of our improved growth trajectory is Devon’s 70% ownership in the new general partner. The new general partner will have incentive distribution rights in the MLP in the highest tier, allowing us to disproportionately increase our share of the MLP’s distributable cash flow going forward. Additionally, the new company’s investment grade credit profile will enable us to secure and execute sizable organic development and acquisition opportunities across the midstream value chain. This positions the new business to deliver attractive long-term growth in distributions. Another significant advantage of this transaction is our improved capital efficiency. Upon closing of the transaction, future capital requirements associated with our contributed midstream assets will reside with the new company. This will lessen our overall capital intensity and preserve cash flow for our growing E&P upstream business. Furthermore any buildout of new midstream assets supporting our E&P business could be completed by the new company. This approach eliminates the capital call on Devon while allowing us to maintain influence over the development and management of the assets via our majority ownership of the new company. Our relationship with the new company also provides us the opportunity to attractively sell additional midstream assets currently held or developed by Devon in a manner that's accretive to our shareholders. So overall the transaction in the resulting new company greatly accelerates the value proposition of Devon’s previously announced standalone MLP and is another clear and successful example of our efforts to unlock value for our shareholders. So in summary, we continue to successfully execute our business plan, both operationally and financially. This is evidenced by the continuation of strong oil production growth from our development projects and the progress we’re making on emerging plays that will enhance our long-term oil and liquids growth profile. Furthermore our pursuit of high-margin production, combined with effective management of operating and capital costs, is improving profitability. And finally, we took another significant step in unlocking unrealized, or unrecognized asset value within Devon through the formation of a new midstream business and the planned repatriation of an additional $2 billion at very favorable tax rates. So at this point, I’d like to turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed review of our quarterly operational highlights. Dave?
David Hager: Thanks, John. As John mentioned, the third quarter was one of solid execution by our asset team, resulting in strong oil production growth. This growth in oil production, combined with effective cost management, allowed us to expand margins and grow cash flow. Looking specifically at costs, our results year-to-date have benefited from our supply-chain efforts and improved drilling efficiencies. As a result, our service and supply costs have declined by roughly 5% compared to 2012. In addition, we are realizing cost savings through drilling efficiencies in each of our core operating regions, allowing us to complete our full year programs with fewer rigs than originally budgeted. Due to this enhanced productivity, as of the end of September, we had reduced our rig count by 10% from last quarter to 64 operated rigs. Now let’s take a closer look at some of the key operating highlights in the third quarter. Beginning with the Permian, our production averaged a record 82,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day with light oil accounting for 60% of our total volumes. We are currently running 23 operated rigs in Permian and by year end, we expect to have drilled more than 350 wells for the full year. In the Delaware Basin, our Bone Springs horizontal program continues to be a key driver of our Permian oil growth. We currently have 12 operated rigs working in the play. In the third quarter, we brought 24 Bone Springs wells online with average 30-day IP rates of 609 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which more than 70% was light oil. These production results are about 20% better than our tight well profile. With a large portion of our acreage de-risked and in the development stage, pad drilling is playing an increasingly important role in our development plans. With current well costs already meeting our type well economics, we expect the efficiencies of pad drilling to further reduce costs and enhance our already outstanding Bone Springs returns. We have roughly 1,400 Bone Springs locations identified, and we fully expect that our ongoing drilling and geologic work in this top-tier light oil play will allow us to further increase our inventory over time. Also in Delaware Basin, there have been a number of positive Wolfcamp wells drilled by other operators around our acreage in both Ward and Reeves County. In the fourth quarter, we expect to begin completing our first horizontal Wolfcamp test in Ward County. Keep in mind, our 2013 program in the Delaware Basin has been focused on our low-risk high return oil development opportunities in areas like the Bone Springs but we are paying close attention to the exploration drilling and de-risking industry is doing in the Delaware-Wolfcamp. We are well positioned in the Delaware-Wolfcamp with approximately 140,000 net prospective acres. Across the entire Permian Basin, Devon has over 300,000 net acreage prospective in the Wolfcamp. This includes our Wolfcamp Shale position and the Southern portion of the Midland Basin where we have been adding to our position and now have more than 100,000 net acres. We continue in full development mode with our five written [ph] program. During the third quarter, we spud 35 new horizontal Wolfcamp Shale wells and brought 26 online with average 30-day IP rates of 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day of which nearly 75% is light oil. Landing and completing our wells in Lower Wolfcamp continues to yield consistent production results that are in line with our tight well profile for this play. On the drilling front, we continue to improve returns in this play by reducing drilling time and completion costs. During the third quarter, our average well costs came in at $5.5 million about 10% below our tight well. We have approximately 800 undrilled locations in this light oil resource play and we expect to expand our inventory over time as we begin to de-risk our recently added acreage. In summary, Devon’s 1.3 million net acres in the Permian represents one of the largest and highest quality acreage positions in the industry. We continue to be one of the most active Permian drilling and as a result we are on-track to deliver basin wide oil production growth of more than 30% in 2013. We have established thousands of undrilled low-risk locations in the Permian and our inventory continues to grow with exciting opportunities in emerging plays like the Delaware-Wolfcamp. Shifting to the Mississippi and Woodford trend in North-Central Oklahoma, we are excited about the progress we are making across our 650,000 net acre position. We have 15 operated rigs running in trend. In the third quarter, we tied in 49 operated wells across the trend, many of which were drilled in previous quarters. We continued a very active program in the Woodford Oil Shale in the third quarter and spud 57 new Woodford oil wells. During the quarter, we tied in 10 Woodford wells on our joint venture acreage with initial 30-day production rate averaging 535 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which more than 75% was light oil. This is well above our tight curve for the trend. These results include the Jardo [ph] that achieved an average 30-day IP rate of nearly 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 1,700 barrels of oil. Even excluding this outstanding oil, our third quarter Woodford program exceeded our tight curve for the trend. Seismic has played a key part in the early success for our Woodford drilling. Of the 27 Woodford wells brought online this year on our joint venture acreage, we have seen more than a 100% increase in 30-day IP rates in our wells drilled with the benefit of 3D seismic as compared to those wells drilled without. We are also achieving some encouraging results in Mississippi Lime on our joint venture acreage during the third quarter. Our Miss Lime results were highlighted by 14 wells brought online with average 30-day IP rates of nearly 500 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 345 barrels per day of light oil. While our Miss Lime results across the trend continue to vary depending on the location, reservoir quality, landing zones and completion techniques, we fully expect the integration of 3D seismic into our geologic modeling to optimize our Miss Lime results over time. To-date, we have acquired 3D seismic over majority of our acreage inside the joint venture area. We’re also seeing encouraging results outside the JV in both the Miss Lime and the Woodford oil shale formations. In Grant County where we have approximately 79,000 net acres, we completed the well subsequent to quarter end in the Miss Lime with an average 24-hour IP rate of more than 920 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including over 800 barrels of oil. Additionally, during the quarter we drilled our first Woodford oil shale well in Grant County. This well had a 30-day IP of 225 barrels of oil equivalent per day and was drilled without the benefit of seismic. With this well confirming the existence of an oil [ph] charged Woodford interval comparable to that of our wells in the JV area, we are excited about obtaining seismic in Grant County. While it’s very early in our testing this acreage, these results demonstrate the productive capability of the Woodford and Miss Limes in the north of our JV core. Combining our Woodford oil shale and Miss Lime results, our third-quarter production across the trend averaged 8,800 barrels of oil equivalent per day; that’s 65% increase over the second quarter. This production growth is especially impressive given our inventory of over 100 wells yet to be tied in or completed. As of mid-October, this included 19 wells held up by pad drilling, 27 wells awaiting completion, 37 wells currently in some phase of completion and another 25 wells awaiting infrastructure buildout. While this level of inventory is to be expected in an emerging play, we believe the backlog will level off early next year as more and more of our midstream infrastructure is placed in service. We exited the third-quarter production accelerating to 10,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day, putting us on track to approach our 2013 exit rate of 15,000 BOE per day for the Mississippian Woodford trend. Also on the emerging play front, our Rockies oil program, the Powder River basin delivered excellent results in the quarter with oil production increasing 34% over the year ago period to 11,000 barrels per day. In the third quarter, we tied in two Frontier wells with initial 30-day production rates averaging 740 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which more than 85% was light oil. We are also excited about two additional high-rate oil wells we brought online earlier in the fourth quarter targeting the Frontier formation. The 24-hour IP rates for these two wells each averaged in excess of 1400 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with light oil comprising almost 90% of the production. In addition, we are currently completing our first two long lateral wells in Powder River basin and should have those well results by our next call. To date we have identified approximately 600 risk locations across our Powder River acreage, and we expect this inventory to grow as we continue to derisk as the emerging light oil opportunity. Shifting to our thermal oil projects in North-eastern Alberta, third-quarter production from our two Jackfish projects averaged roughly 46000 barrels of oil per day net of royalties. The significant improvement in heavy oil pricing boosted our Jackfish price realizations by 36% over the previous quarter, helping to improve our cash margins for the quarter. Jackfish 1 production averaged 29,600 barrels per day during the quarter due to a step-up in royalty rates as a result of reaching payout in June. However continuing the improvement in our steam oil ratio allowed us to achieve average gross production of 36,000 barrels per day in the quarter, exceeding the facility’s nameplate capacity of 35,000 barrels a day. As we indicated in our last quarterly call, Jackfish 2 was taken down during the third quarter for scheduled maintenance. The plant turnaround was completed ahead of schedule on budget and with an accelerated ramp up. This is a significant improvement compared to previous turnarounds at our Jackfish facilities and is a testament to the hard work and expertise of our thermal project team. Since each SAGD facility requires plant maintenance downtime every 2 to 3 years, efficiency gains on turnarounds lead to higher old cycle returns. Also of note at the end of the third quarter, we began steaming a new well pad at Jackfish 2. This pad at peak production is expected to contribute up to 8000 barrels of oil per day gross from nine new well pairs. Full ramp-up of the pad is expected to occur over the next 12 months. Our Jackfish remain ahead of schedule and on-budget with nearly 80% of the project complete. First team is anticipated in the third quarter of 2014; roughly one quarter sooner than originally expected. Moving now to the Cana Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, our third quarter production averaged a record 57,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our expanded processing facilities help to increase oil and liquids production to 21,000 barrels per day, up 58% compared to the prior year quarter. Liquids now comprise nearly 40% of total Cana Woodford production. And with our drilling activity focused in the very best parts of the liquid rich core, we are producing a more valuable liquid stream. Combining with our strong liquid rich production growth and low operating cost, Cana Woodford unit operating margins increased 39% year-over-year. Our record production performance in the quarter was underpinned by excellent drilling results. We brought 39 operated wells online with 30-day IP rates of 950 BoE per day including 475 barrels of liquids per day. These well results exceed our play type curve by nearly 15%. In addition, we continue to improve our drilling efficiency at Cana. In just this year alone, we have seen a 25% improvement in the number of days from spud to rig release. This improvement in drill time will allow us to finish our 2013 program of nearly 150 wells with only nine operated rigs, three less than our original budget. And finally, in the Barnett Shale in North Texas, our liquids rich drilling program continues to generate competitive returns. Our expanded capacity at our Bridgeport facility helped drive oil and liquids production increased 15% year-over-year to 58,000 barrels per day, a record production level. Our initiatives to reduce lime pressure and utilize artificial lift, to-date, have been very successful with net production in the third quarter averaging 1.4 Bcf equivalent per day. So, in summary, we had another strong quarter of execution across our entire North American Onshore portfolio. The core focus areas, that I discussed today on the call, are delivering highly economic and robust production growth for Devon. If you apply a relatively conservative oil to natural gas price ratio of 20:1 to Company-wide production in the third quarter, our top-line growth increased nearly 10% year-over-year. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review and outlook. Jeff.
Jeff Agosta: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I will take you through a brief review of the key drivers that shaped our third quarter results and, where called for, provide updated guidance. I will also elaborate on the good news about our cash repatriation plan that John mentioned earlier. Looking first at production, in the third quarter, we produced approximately 64 million oil equivalent barrels or about 691,000 equivalent barrels per day. This was in the top-half of our guidance range and most importantly was underpinned by strong high margin oil growth. For the quarter, Company-wide oil production averaged 165,000 barrels per day, an increase of 16% compared to the same period last year. As John detailed earlier, this growth was driven entirely by our US properties with light oil production up 38% year-over-year. Looking at the fourth quarter, we expect strong oil growth in the Permian Basin and the Mississippi and Woodford trend to continue, driving US light oil production up more than 30% compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. This impressive growth will increase our expected total Company-wide oil production next quarter to a range of 170,000 to 175,000 barrels per day. After taking into account declines in dry natural gas, we expect total Company-wide production in Q4 to range between 680,000 and 700,000 BoE per day. Overall, this keeps us on-track to deliver on our full-year production guidance of 250 million to 254 million BoE. Moving to price realizations, overall our third quarter regional price realizations by product were generally in line with our expectations. Looking specifically at Canadian oil prices, in the third quarter higher season demand and improved flow rates on export pipes for heavy oil out of Canada, improved our realizations to 75% of WTI or $80 per barrel. This represents the best oil prices we have seen for Canada since 2009. Even with this excellent result, the supply and demand dynamics for Canadian crudes remain very tight. In fact, subsequent to the third quarter, increased supply from new oil sands projects, refinery downtime and outages at third party pipelines have resulted in downward pressure on Canadian oil prices. Based on what we've seen so far in October and November trading, we now expect our Canadian oil realizations to temporarily decline to a range of 50% to 60% of WTI in the fourth quarter, before the impact of hedges, offsetting the lower pricing of the attractive Canadian heavy oil hedges we have in place. For the fourth quarter, we have 40,000 barrels per day of WCS blended crude swap at a discount to WTI of $22 per barrel. These attractive hedges cover well over 50% of our expected thermal oil production output for the quarter. Looking ahead to 2014, the increase in the heavy oil capacity at BP’s Whiting refinery will improve demand and increased export pipeline and rail capacity will help alleviate transportation bottlenecks. These favorable catalysts should reduce the overall pricing volatility of Canadian crudes and support the narrowing of the differentials as we go through 2014. Looking briefly at natural gas, the only notable change to our previous guidance is a minor adjustment to account for acre differentials in Canada. Now that we are seeing improved flow rates out of Canada, export flow rates out of Canada we expect Canadian gas price realizations to improve in the fourth quarter to a range of 75% to 85% of Henry Hub. For natural gas liquids, we expect our companywide fourth quarter price rationalizations to remain essentially flat with the last few quarters ranging from $25 to $27 per barrel. Turning now to our midstream business, once again our marketing and midstream operations delivered excellent results, generating $137 million of operating profit in the third quarter, a 25% increase compared to the third-quarter of last year. Increased throughput at our newly expanded Cana and Barnett processing facilities, higher natural gas prices and strong cost controls drove our solid performance. Based on the results for the first nine months and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we now expect our full year operating profits to come in between $475 million and $525 million. This is a $25 million increase over our previous guidance. Moving to expenses, in the third quarter our total pretax cash costs came in at $15.13 per BOE. This result was right in line with our expectations, maintaining cost essentially flat with last quarter. This is an especially positive result considering the negative volume impact and higher LOE costs associated with our plant turnaround at Jackfish 2 during the quarter. Overall our cost structure remains one of the best in the industry even as we transition our portfolio to higher margin or higher cost oil production. Going to the bottom-line our third-quarter performance translated into non-GAAP earnings of $526 million or $1.29 per diluted share. This represents a 47% increase in earnings per share year-over-year and comfortably exceeded Wall Street expectations by $0.09. This level of earnings translated into cash flow per share of $3.89, also exceeding the street’s expectations. Before we open the call to Q&A, I will conclude my remarks with a quick review of our financial position. During the third quarter, Devon generated operating cash flow of $1.6 billion, an 18% increase compared to the year ago quarter. When you include the nearly $300 million of proceeds from the closing of minor asset sales during the quarter, our cash inflows totaled $1.9 billion. These cash inflows comfortably funded our total CapEx of 1.7 billion. It is also important to note that for the full year our total capital spending, which includes E&P, midstream and corporate capital remains on track to be near the midpoint of our guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. From a balance sheet and liquidity perspective we remain exceptionally strong. We exited the quarter with a net debt to adjusted cap ratio of only 22% and cash balances of $4.3 billion. Of these cash balances, approximately 3.6 billion resides in subsidiaries outside North America. As John mentioned earlier, our tax position now affords us with the opportunity to efficiently repatriate an additional $2 billion of cash to the US around year end. We expect NOLs and other credits to limit our tax rate on this repatriated cash to somewhere in the 46% range. By year-end we will have repatriated $4 billion of foreign cash at an estimated tax rate of approximately 5%. To provide some perspective on the significance of this, you might recall after divesting our international assets in 2010-11 we guided toward a tax rate of about 20%. The lower actual tax rate on the amount repatriated to the US and the tax-free transfer of $500 million to Canada we made earlier in the year will result in an incremental $700 million benefit to Devon shareholders, roughly the equivalent of about $1.75 per share. In summary, it was another solid quarter for Devon. We delivered strong oil production growth. We expanded our margins through growth in light oil. We maintained strong cost controls and we remain positioned with one of the best balance sheets in the industry. So with that, I will turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A. Vince.
Vince White: Thanks Jeff. (Operator Instructions). With that operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Scott Hanold of RBC. Your line is now open.
Scott Hanold – RBC: Thanks. Good morning. Looking at the Permian Basin, the Southern Delaware, you know, kind of a couple of questions. You talked about expanding your inventory there, can you give us a little bit more color on that, like, how many of the benches down there you all have tested and which ones you think are going to be prospective and which ones in your current well count? And then the other thing is, I think you all just recently acquired Forest Oil’s acreage down there, can you give us a little bit of thoughts on what you’re seeing there?
David Hager: Yeah, Scott, you’re talking about the Southern Midland Basin, I think, aren’t you? Not the Delaware Basin.
Scott Hanold – RBC: Oh, I’m sorry if I said Delaware, yes, you’re correct.
David Hager: Yeah, right. Yeah, we have tested and there’s obviously a nomenclature issue within the industry that we prefer to call it that we have tested both the Middle and the Lower Wolfcamp, those are the primary prospective zones on our acreage. We are right now, for the most part, have very little across the acreage, but for the most part we are completing in the Lower Wolfcamp and we believe that allows us to actually frac up to the Middle Wolfcamp as well. So, by industry nomenclature, I think that would be completing more in the F and then the frac would contribute on up through the D in there. Regarding the Forest acreage, that’s the part that I didn’t mention in my comments earlier. That’s the additional acreage that we acquired. It’s a little over 50,000. I think, around 53,000 or so total. We haven’t drilled any wells on that acreage yet, we will start drilling those next year. And that’s the comment I was making that I do believe that we’ll expand our inventory. We have not expanded our inventory at all in the comment that I gave to you already on the – but we fully anticipate that it’s going to work and will be additive to the overall position.
Scott Hanold – RBC: Okay. And just to again clarify on your current inventory count in the Southern Midland Basin, I think it was 800 locations. Is that assuming an Upper and a Lower Wolfcamp?
David Hager: It is considered what is appropriate to complete in each of those. And we have not really plugged into there that we would have multiple completions at the same location. So, that’s a single completion at each of our locations. It is possible, through time, we may see that we may complete in more than one zone from the same location but we haven’t included it in our location count.
Scott Hanold – RBC: Okay. Because I think some of your competitors or peers are talking about anywhere from two to four different formations prospective in each zone location, is that –
David Hager: That’s certainly a possibility through time and we have the same opportunities our peers do, it’s just how we choose to classify our locations, perhaps a little more conservative.
Scott Hanold – RBC: Okay. And based on your acreage contracts, do you have to drill lowest formation to hold everything.
David Hager: Scott, I’d have to check on that. That is typical that you would, but I’d have to check – let me think about it whether it – I’m going to – yeah, I’ll give you some clarification here, they are saying we are in the same zones. So it doesn’t -- don't think we have to. Now more I think about that, I think that’s right that if drill in the operator, we still the hold the lower.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vinnie Wong of Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: I know that Crosstex deal hasn't closed yet, but can you tell us how you are thinking about maybe the drop-down pace of assets into the MLP just so -- you mentioned the benefit of the combination versus doing IPO in terms of speed to market?
John Richels: Vinnie [ph], there's really a couple of different drop-downs that we can do in the MLP. As you know, we put half of our assets into the GP and half into the MLP. So there will be a continuing drop-down from the GP to the MLP of interest in our midstream company. And then we do have other assets, the one that we flagged at the time – other assets that we didn't put into the MLP, one of the assets that we've flagged at the time was our interest in the Access Pipeline, which is the pipeline that services our Jackfish and Pike acreage and also has third-party volumes from other operators in the area. And that's certainly something that we can drop down. When we do that, it's a little bit up in the air right now, and of course, we are constructing that. I think it's going to be completed by the end of 2014 roughly and third quarter 2014. And so a 2015 drop-down is certainly possible. We'll have to kind of take stock of things at the time that we finish it. I think the really important part and the really exciting part for us is that not only we kind of got a market valuation of what those assets are, but in the future it gives us a lot of flexibility around building new assets, dropping down some existing assets that we haven't put in yet, and also doing acquisition and by doing that it accelerates the value over what we'd otherwise have seen.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And just my second question is in regards to $2 billion in cash being repatriated, can you update on what you are thinking there and particularly where you guys want to put it?
John Richels: As Jeff mentioned, it's likely to be around year end before we can repatriate those funds. Vinnie, as you may know and most of the folks on the call are probably familiar with the factors that we've talked about in the past that we take into account as we allocate our capital and the objective we've always enunciated is to optimize cash flow for debt adjusted shares. So, when we bring that cash back around the end of the year, we'll allocate using the same parameters. We're right now in the middle of and – or continuing to develop our 2014 capital budgets and we'll do that over the next couple of months. And as we move into 2014, we'll finalize our capital allocation decisions. At that time, share buybacks are always included in our consideration to capital investments and we’ve got a great track record of buying stock back over the years. But to give you any more definite guidelines around that right now would be a little premature.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell, Tuohy Brothers Investment.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment: Questions on the Woodford oil play. My first question is as I wasn't entirely sure from what I heard, is all of your current drilling on JV lands or are you also doing some drilling aside from the Grant County, kind of sounds like a wildcat, are you doing any drilling on your non-JV acreage?
David Hager: This is Dave. We just have one rig that's working outside of the JV. The rest of the rigs are working within the JV. And that's the rig in Grant County.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment: And my other question with regard to the Woodford, I'm looking at the map of your acreage in the area. Do you believe that you have prospectivity in any of the other counties besides Grant? I'm thinking non JV again, like maybe Kay or Sage County.
David Hager: Well, it's possible. We need to drill some wells over there and determine it. Again, we are seeing such an advantage here of getting 3D seismic and that's what's really helped us out dramatically within the JV. We're going to drill a few wells up here in Grant and Kay County without 3D just to – 3D in and of itself costs a fair amount of money. And so we want to make sure that we have a working petroleum system up there before we actually spend the money on the 3D. We now have in Grant County enough confirmation that through the wells that I discussed that we are shooting 3D up there. We will be going through the same process in Kay County and that – the overall comment that I’ve made before is that we have 650,000 acres in total in the Mississippi and of that we believe there are sufficient thickness of the Woodford to have potential prospectivity across 400,000 of that 650,000 acres. To-date we feel we have de-risked 100,000 of that 400,000 acres. So, we have the thickness across the 400,000 but there are other elements that factor into there as far as the maturity of the oil, do you have sufficient permeability, et cetera, and that’s what we’ll have to determine across that other 300,000 acres we’re talking about, some of which is in Grant and some of which is in Kay.
Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment: Okay. Great. That was great color. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Portillo of TPH. Your line is now open.
Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Good morning, guys. Just a quick question for me in regards to your oil growth guidance for Q4. Looks like kind of a step up on a quarter-over-quarter basis, is pretty flat especially with the ramp-up in the Canadian volumes. So, I was just wondering if you can comment maybe where we’re seeing a little bit of a deceleration in the growth into year-end or if that was in line with your planned expectation going to the fourth quarter here?
David Hager: Yeah, Matt, it’s a little bit less than we guided to last quarter. The first thing I want to make clear to everyone, though, about this is our wells are delivering exactly as we anticipated. I went through it area-by-area. The capabilities of the wells are there. That is not the issue. The issues – there’s a couple of other issues that have factored into it though overall. First, we are seeing some down time with our ongoing production in the Permian, especially as related to electrical submersible pump that we’re running in all of these. Our run time of those has been a little bit less than we anticipated. We’re working through that issue as we speak but that has caused our base production to fall a little bit short of what we anticipated. Nothing to do with the productivity of the wells, just the efficiency of the pump. Secondarily, in the Rockies because of the success we had with the Rockies drilling program, we took a little bit of capital out of CO2 that we’re going to expand, that were going to deliver a few thousand barrels a day and kept a rig running in the Powder River Basin because of the outstanding results we’re getting there. Those volumes, associated with that rig, will show up next year but not this year. And then finally, because of the stronger prices when we put our projection out there that we were seeing in Canadian oil because of the stronger realizations we anticipated royalties would be a little bit higher. And so that would cause the net production to go down a little bit as well. But having said all that, I want to make sure that you understand the US oil growth in Q4 is going to be greater than 30% versus Q4 of 2012. So we’re still having very, very strong oil growth, it’s just some minor issues like that, these have nothing to do with the productivity of the well, that have caused it to decrease it a little bit.
Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Great. Thanks for the clarification there. And just in regards to some of the initial well results you’ve seen in the Woodford. I was wondering if you could potentially compare the rates of return you’re seeing on your Woodford programs versus your Southern Midland program? And if you continue to see strong initial rates here, in line with your or above your type curve could we potentially see capital allocated away from the Permian into the Woodford or an acceleration in Woodford drilling? Thank you.
David Hager: Well, we’re going through that entire evaluation process right now, of comparing the returns. And we’re obviously a little bit less in the overall maturity of the program in the Woodford then we are in the Southern Midland Basin. But having said that, we’ve had some outstanding results this quarter with well, well above the type curve and, of course, highlighted by the Jardo [ph] that had a 30-day IP of 2,200 BoE per day. So we like both these plays an awful lot. And to ask me to make a decision between one or the other is kind of tough because they are two of our top plays and we like them both but we’re certainly very pleased with the Woodford results.
Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: Good morning. John, it’s been a busy year on the strategic front. By year end you will complete in a two major repatriations and you’ve got the midstream transaction. So just wondering if you could maybe comment on where Devon is in terms of the overall portfolio. Anything else that you are working on in terms of the portfolio changes, or is this the asset base going forward?
John Richels: Well, Arun, as you know, in this business that's a constant. We are always looking to bring good opportunities into the asset base and sometimes that means that other opportunities don't look as attractive anymore and you move them out. So, that's not something that we – that's a continuum. We're not at the end of it. We always got to look at that. So, it's an ongoing process to continue to try to increase our productivity as a company and our value for our shareholders. It's something we're looking at all the time.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: John, just to maybe elaborate on that. At one time you guys had – was doing some analytical work around Canada, maybe a spin-off or something like that. Have you come to a decision on that, or are you still evaluating that?
John Richels: I think these things are all things that we're evaluating all the time, and I think you know that in our history, we've proven that we're not afraid of making bold moves when we have to, but a lot of things people talk about and reflect on from the outside don't always add long-term value particularly when you look at taxation and everything else that's involved. So we're always looking at how we might bring value forward, and as we've previously said, we're not leaving any stone unturned. But we're not going to do things that – we're only going to do things that add long-term value and we're not going to take action simply for action's sake. So, these are things we're always looking at, but sometimes they’re not quite so simple.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: That’s helpful. Dave, I wanted to see if you could elaborate a little bit more on this ESP-related downtime. Is this something that could have a knock-on effect as we think about 2014, or is it more isolated to the fourth quarter?
David Hager: Well, it's something that we're working on right now, and we think it’s very solvable. Basically, we're running these ESPs in an unconventional environment, and frankly, running a lot of sand through these ESPs, which as you can imagine, running sand through pumps is not a great thing for long-term life. But we are working with some of our vendors on ways that we can get a better design out there. We're also working on ways that we can improve the efficiency of replacing these ESPs, and so, I don't think it's going to have a long-term impact. We have a special team, I can tell you internally, that’s working at very hard along with our vendors. And I think it's something that we're going to come to a good answer on here in the next three or four months. And frankly that's just one of the things that contributed to it. The other I mentioned was a change in the Rockies program to the additional rig and also the impact of potentially higher royalties due to improved realizations in Canada. So, I wouldn't overplay that. It's just one of the several factors.
Arun Jayaram – Credit Suisse: My last question would be just what your new midstream spending levels could look like post the closing of the transaction?
John Richels: That of course is dependent upon where we choose to spend capital and so we're going to – we're in the processing of working our 2014 capital budget. And until we've got the upstream piece we won't know exactly what the midstream piece is, but directionally surely, I mean, we certainly expect it to be down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade – Johnson Rice: Going back to the Woodford, can you give us an idea if that 75% to 80% oil cut that you see in the Jardo [ph] well is representative of what the oil gas spilt is for the rest of your wells there?
David Hager: Well, in all of our wells in the Woodford, it's going to have a higher oil cut early in the life, which certainly is beneficial from a rate of return and NPV standpoint. Although over the life of the well, we anticipate they will become more gassy and the ultimate -- and when you looked at total EUR, it will probably split about equally, one-third each for oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas.
Charles Meade – Johnson Rice: And then I know it's early in the play and clearly this Jardo [ph] well is a great well, but I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit on if this well – if you had an idea ahead of time that this well might really perform well, whether because it's a long lateral or whether there is something you saw on the seismic that gave you an indication whether this was just a surprise to everybody?
David Hager: Well, it was a long lateral, so that certainly helped but there also were some other geological characteristics which, of course, I’m not going to tell you that we had observed ahead of time and we think that that benefited that. Your obvious follow-on, is it repeatable, I’m sure. And to some degree, yes, but it’s not going to be – we’re not going to be able to drill those wells everywhere across the acreage but we think we have a good idea for what allowed that and we’ll have some of those type wells across our acreage position, we think, again.
Charles Meade – Johnson Rice: Dave, you understood exactly what I was after. Thank you for the added detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Tameron of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Good morning. Can you guys just talk about, in the Permian can you – and you addressed this a little bit but you can you give me some color on Delaware versus Midland, the differences between the two and kind of the rates of return and well cost?
David Hager: Are you talking specifically, David, about the Wolfcamp or across our entire portfolio?
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: No, I mean, just what you’re seeing on the Bone Springs versus you know – and I was just studying the wells you put in the press releases as far as the Permian well and the Bone Spring well look to have higher IPs by couple of hundred barrels or so, I guess, close to 300 barrels, on those 30-day rates. And I kind of looking at that versus –
David Hager: Right. Yeah, in general to answer your question, the Bone Springs are our highest returns in our portfolio in the Permian Basin and amongst the highest in our entire portfolio as a company. Although all of them generate strong rates of return, the Bone Springs are a little bit better, no question.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Okay. Alright, I’ll leave it at that. That’s all I got. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hanson of Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Mark Hanson – Morningstar: Good morning, guys. Two quick questions for you. First, how would you characterize the Miss Lime’s performance relative to your expectations based on results to-date? I know you’ve given an awfully good color this morning across the trend, both, Woodford and Mississippi Lime. Just seems, from commentary you provided, you’re a bit more enthusiastic about the Woodford at this point?
David Hager: Well, we still like the Miss Lime an awful lot. It is meeting out type curve expectation, certainly within the JV and is actually above our type curve expectations slightly. So we’re very happy within the JV. North of the JV and in Grant and Kay County we’ve had mixed results. I had talked about one very good well that we had out there in the past quarter. We’ve had some that are not as good. But you have to understand, this is done without the benefit of seismic. So, the primary thing we’re trying to do up there outside of JV right now is see if we have enough evidence to have a good strong working petroleum system and which we now are confident in Grant County that we do have that. And now that we have that, we’ll shoot 3D up there and we’ll really refine where we’re drilling those wells and I would anticipate the results to become much more consistent and to improve with the benefited of 3D. But overall as far as the Miss goes, it is meeting our expectations just at this Woodford particularly within the joint venture area. Now, we’ll have at least one well up in Grant County that’s somewhat encouraging as well. It’s working spectacularly.
Mark Hanson – Morningstar: Great. Very helpful. And then the second question, just with your Permian rig count, I saw that it dropped by a meaningful amount, I don’t know if that’s related to the ESP issues, but any more information on where rigs were dropped and the things –
David Hager: Yeah, it has nothing to do with the ESP issues at all. We dropped our rig count because we become significantly more efficient in drilling our wells. We executed our entire program for 2013 and we could execute it with less rigs. So, if we had kept the same amount of rigs we would have overspent our capital for this year. And so we were just exercising capital discipline to stay within the overall capital by reducing our rig capital. We executed the program we had intended to this year.
Mark Hanson – Morningstar: Great to hear that. Thank you.
Operator: And your last question comes from Biju Perincheril of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Richels: Biju, we apologize for butchering your name.
Biju Perincheril – Jefferies & Co.: That’s quite alright; I’m used to it. The question I had was on the Wolfcamp. It looks like the 30-day rate this quarter was maybe a little bit lower than what you had in the past. And I was just wondering if that’s because you’re changing anything around on the completion front or is that just the normal variability?
David Hager: Nothing significant there, Biju. The change around, it’s just what pads we happen to be bringing on this quarter but I wouldn’t read anything else into it. Next quarter, it could go back up just as easily as it went down a little bit this quarter, nothing significant there.
Biju Perincheril – Jefferies & Co.: Aerially or geographically, were you drilling in the generally same areas?
David Hager: Yes, generally we're drilling in the same areas still. One comment I want to make to Scott Hanold, asked a question that kind of stopped me earlier about holding all rights and the reason, I wasn't thinking about it as clearly as I should have been. The answer is it's kind of an academic question, because we're actually completing in a lowest Wolfcamp zone. So because we are completing in the lowest Wolfcamp zone, we're going to have all the rights above that, so it's really an academic issue. We'll hold all that.
Biju Perincheril – Jefferies & Co.: And one question along those lines is do you have any plans in the near-term to test different horizons at the same location?
David Hager: Nothing immediate. We recognize the prospectivity there, but we are right now just delineating our entire acreage position.
John Richels: Well, folks I'm showing the top of the hour. So that concludes today's call. As usual, our investor relations staff will be around the rest of the day to answer any questions that didn't make it into the call or if you come up with other things during the day. So before signing off, I'd just like to go over a few key takeaways. First, our core assets are performing very well leading to higher oil weighting for our portfolio. This is driven by the 38% year-over-year growth in light oil production from our U.S. portfolio. Results from our emerging U.S. light oil plays and long-term investment in Canadian thermal oil are providing visibility on the next leg of oil growth for Devon. Our pursuit of high margin production is improving profitability and we are doing excellent job of controlling, operating and capital costs. By year end, we will have repatriated $4 billion of cash at very favorable tax rates translating into about $1.75 per share benefit to Devon shareholders, and finally, we took another significant step forward in unlocking unrecognized asset value within Devon through the formation of our new midstream business. Going forward, our approach to the business remains unchanged. We will continue to pursue our top strategic objective, and that is to maximize long-term growth and cash flow per share after adjusting for debt. So, we look forward to talking with you again on the next call, and thank you very much for joining us today.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White – SVP, Communications John Richels – President and CEO David Hager – EVP, Exploration and Production Jeff Agosta – CFO 
Analysts: Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse  Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs  [Sue Lin] - Robert W. Baird John Herrlin - Société Générale Americas Securities  Rehan Rashid - FBR  Charles Meade - Johnson Rice 
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s second quarter earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, senior vice president of communications and investor relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Vince White: Thank you, and welcome everyone to Devon’s second quarter earnings call and webcast. Today’s call will follow our usual format. I’ll cover a couple of preliminary items, and then our president and CEO, John Richels, will comment on the quarter. Following that, Dave Hager, our chief operating officer, will provide the operations update, and then we’ll have a financial review by our CFO, Jeff Agosta. We’ll follow that up with a Q&A session.  And I’ll point out that our executive chairman, Larry Nichols, as well as Darryl Smette, who is the head of marketing midstream and supply chain, are both with us today to join in the Q&A. We’ll conclude the call after one hour.  During the call today, we’re going to update some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results that we’ve seen in the first half of the year our revised outlook for the second half of 2013, but we are not planning to issue a new 8K. We will, however, post any updated estimates that we provide during the call today on the guidance page of our website.  If you go to our website, you can just click on the guidance link, look in the investor relations section, and all of our guidance is summarized there.  All references today to our plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates are forward-looking statements under US securities law and they are of course subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Many of these are beyond our control. And I’d point out that these statements aren’t guarantees of future performance. You can see a discussion of the risk factors relating to these estimates in our form 10-K. Also on today’s call, we will reference certain non-GAAP performance measures and when we do that, we’re required to provide certain related disclosures. Those can be found on Devon’s website. Before I turn the call over to John, I’ll point out that both earnings and cash flow for the second quarter significantly beat Street estimates. Our non-GAAP earnings climbed to $1.21 per diluted share. That’s more than double the earnings we reported in the year ago period, and it exceeded the Wall Street consensus by about 30%. Cash flow climbed to $1.4 billion for the quarter, the highest level in the last six quarters, and that also comfortably beat Street expectations. Overall, from both an earnings and cash flow perspective, it was an excellent quarter for Devon. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to President and CEO John Richels. 
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning everyone. As Vince just mentioned, we had an outstanding second quarter. In addition to benefitting from the substantial improvement in realized prices during the quarter, we exceeded the top end of our production guidance.  At the same time, our year to date cost metrics are tending towards the low end of the forecast range. This is all strong evidence of the successful execution of our business plan as we continue to grow our high margin oil production.  Let me begin today by reviewing some of the highlights of the quarter. In the second quarter, we increased company-wide oil production 14% compared to the second quarter of 2012, and 4% compared to last quarter. This growth was driven entirely by high-margin light oil production from our U.S. assets, which increased a robust 36% year over year.  With the success we’ve had in growing our oil production, we now expect liquids production to exceed 45% of total volumes by year end, and that’s up from just 30% just a few years ago.  In the second quarter, total company-wide production from our North American asset base is at an all-time record, averaging 698,000 equivalent barrels per day. This exceeded the midpoint of our guidance by 3% and topped the upper end of our forecast range by 8,000 barrels per day. Based on the results of the first half of the year, we now expect our full year 2013 production to be near the top end of our guidance range for the year. Jeff will cover the production guidance in a little more detail later in the call. When you examine our operating results in greater detail, you’ll find that we had terrific execution across all of our core focus areas. The most notable growth in the second quarter came from our massive 1.3 million net acre position in the Permian Basin, where oil production increased 32% year over year. In fact, this momentum is continuing into the second half of the year, as our oil production in the Permian will surpass the 50,000 barrels per day milestone. We’ve also had success expanding our drilling inventory in the Permian. You might recall, in the first quarter, we doubled our Bone Springs inventory from 350 to 700 locations. Today we’re once again doubling our Bone Springs inventory from 700 to 1,400 locations. This represents more than 1,000 future locations that we’ve added of the past year alone, loosening our oil development inventory in the Permian to nearly 4,000 risked locations. This low risk development inventory will provide significant light oil growth in the Permian for many years to come. In Canada, our portfolio of world-class thermal oil projects continues to generate industry-leading results, with total production from our Jackfish project averaging 53,000 barrels per day in the quarter. Upon startup of Jackfish 3 next year, we expect aggregate free cash flow from our 3 Jackfish projects to approach $1 billion annually. Furthermore, our development schedule remains on track to increase net production from our oil sands leases to at least 150,000 barrels per day by the end of the decade. Also, today we’re announcing some exciting results from our new Woodford oil shale play in the Mississippian trend of north central Oklahoma. To date, we’ve identified 1,000 risked locations in this light oil resource play. Dave will provide more details later in the call. And finally, our Cana Woodford and Barnett shale positions continue to rank among the top shale plays in North America. Currently, our activity is directed to only the most liquids rich portions of these plays. Aggregate oil and NGLs production growth from these two plays rose nearly 40% year over year in the second quarter. These assets and their midstream infrastructure will produce about a billion dollars of free cash flow in 2013. In addition to our strong operating results, we benefited from the sharp rise in natural gas and Canadian oil prices. Average second quarter gas price realization nearly doubled compared to the second quarter of 2012, and Canadian oil price realizations improved by more than 50% just from the previous quarter. We also delivered strong cost discipline in the first six months of 2013. While our production is trending above initial expectations, as I mentioned earlier, capital expenditures and pretax cash costs remain comfortably within our full year guidance ranges. On the liquidity front, year to date we have moved $2 billion of foreign cash back to the U.S. at an estimated tax rate of approximately 5%. In addition, we’ve moved $500 million to Canada on a tax-free basis to fund our growth projects.  To provide some perspective on the significance of this achievement, recall that after divesting our international assets in 2010 and 2011, we guided toward taxes of about 20%. The lower actual tax rate on the amount repatriated to the U.S. and the tax free transfer to Canada has resulted in an incremental $400 million benefit to Devon shareholders. That’s the equivalent of about $1 per share. Another positive development is the approval by our board of directors of a plan to form a publicly traded midstream MLP. We expect to file a registration statement with the SEC around the end of the third quarter. As you’re probably aware, pre-offering rules prevent us from providing any additional information at this point, but we believe there’s a great opportunity to unlock the value of our midstream assets for Devon shareholders. In addition, we’ve recently signed agreements to sell our Bear Paw assets in central Montana, our Thunder Creek midstream assets in Wyoming, and some other minor E&P assets for nearly $300 million. Estimated full year cash flow from these divestiture assets is less than $15 million, and the associated production is essentially all dry gas, averaging around 20 million cubic feet per day. As you can see, the sale prices for these mature, lower-margin properties are at valuations far superior to that of our current trading multiples, or the multiples we could potentially obtain through an MLP. These divestitures and our recent midstream MLP announcement are just a couple of examples of our continuing efforts to unlock value in our asset base when we can do so on an accretive basis. Of course, evaluating options to highlight unrecognized value has always been, and continues to be, a priority. However, any action we take must create long term value for our shareholders. We’ll continue to provide the updates on this front as warranted. At this point, I will turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed review of our quarterly operating highlights. Dave?
Dave Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning everyone. Let’s begin with a quick recap of our second quarter capital expenditures. Exploration and development capital for the second quarter came in at $1.2 billion, bringing our total for the first half of 2013 to $2.7 billion. Based on our planned activity for the second half of 2013, we’re on track with our full year E&P capital guidance of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion. As John mentioned, our teams delivered excellent execution in the second quarter, across our entire North American onshore portfolio. Let’s take a closer look at some of these high points. Starting in the Permian, our production averaged a record 76,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. Looking specifically at our Permian oil production, it grew 32% year over year. Light oil now accounts for 60% of our Permian volumes. The execution of our Permian development program through the first half of the year has been outstanding, and we remain on track to drill more than 300 wells this year. Our Bone Springs horizontal program in the Delaware Basin is a key driver of our Permian oil growth. We currently have 12 operated rigs working in the play. In the second quarter, we brought 29 Bone Springs wells online, with average 30-day IP rates of 675 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which more than 65% was light oil.  These results are about 15% better than our type curve expectations. Our continued growing success in Eddy and [Lee] counties, combined with our ongoing geological evaluation, has once again allowed us to increase our inventory.  As John mentioned, we are doubling our inventory for the second time this year to 1,400 Bone Springs locations. Given this success, our 2014 program has the potential to double our current year activity to about 200 wells, further accelerating growth of this top tier light oil play.  Shifting to the Midland Basin, we continue to see positive results from the Wolfcamp shale in the southern portion of the Midland Basin. During the second quarter, we spud 34 horizontal Wolfcamp wells and brought 19 online, with initial 30-day production rates as high as 1,000 BOE per day. Landing and completing these wills in the lower Wolfcamp is yielding positive and consistent results. We believe our fracks in the lower Wolfcamp are extending up through multiple intervals, allowing us to extract additional resource. In addition, pad drilling and this play is resulting in greater efficiencies and lower costs. In fact, our number of days from spud to rig release has improved nearly 60% since the first quarter of 2012. Today, we are able to drill our wells in just 11 days, trimming nearly 10% off our budgeted well costs. We have approximately 800 undrilled locations in this light oil resource play, and we’ll be active here for the foreseeable future. With the recent industry focus on the Wolfcamp, and in light of our 1.3 million net acre position in the Permian Basin, we have fielded multiple questions regarding our total Wolfcamp exposure. Based on our testing across the basin and industry results to date, we have exposure to the Wolfcamp on over a quarter of a million net acres across the Permian. Beyond our Wolfcamp shale focus in the southern Midland Basin, we have tested other acreage with Wolfcamp potential across the Permian. For instance, in Ector County, where we historically drilled vertical [unintelligible] wells, we have completed two horizontal Wolfcamp wells. Each of these wells had a peak oil rate of about 800 barrels of oil per day.  In addition, we are currently drilling a horizontal Wolfcamp test on our Delaware Basin acreage in Ward County, where industry activity has recently heated up. As we continue to derisk our acreage position throughout the Permian, we believe our total exposure to the Wolfcamp will likely expand significantly. Our massive acreage position in the Permian Basin, coupled with the multiple pay zones of Wolfcamp, provide us with a significant resource upside. As John mentioned, we’re today unveiling an exciting new opportunity on our Mississippian trend acreage. We have completed 29 wells to date in the Woodford oil shale with very positive results. Second quarter Woodford results were highlighted by 10 wells with initial production averaging 840 BOE per day and 30-day IPs of more than 500 BOE per day. We are excited about our Woodford potential for several reasons. First, unlike the Mississippi Lime, the Woodford is a shale formation with resource play characteristics. It sits just below the Miss Lime, and can be up to 150 feet thick across portions of our acreage. It is the source rock for much of our Miss production. The Woodford is less geologically complex, and therefore should have a much higher drillability factor and deliver more consistent results than conventional formations.  Second, the type curve emerging from the Woodford oil shale looks very similar to our original type curve in the Miss Lime, with 30-day IPs of about 300 BOE per day and [EURs] of about 350,000 BOE. Furthermore, on a program basis, the drill and complete costs for these wells should run about $3 million each.  Third, initial production is about 80% oil on these Woodford shales. While the EUR is expected to be about one-third gas and about one-third NGLs, this high initial oil content greatly enhances the economics in today’s commodity price environment. And finally, since Woodford’s geographic footprint overlaps our Miss Lime acreage, the sharing of 3D seismic surface facilities and power and gathering infrastructure will significantly enhance the economics of both plays. On our acreage in the Mississippi and Woodford trend, we have placed about 100 miles of pipeline in service to date, and expect an additional 400 miles in service by year-end. This critical midstream infrastructure will reduce our operating costs and well backlog, allowing the ramp up in our production. The evaluation of our Woodford potential has also included a successful four-well pilot on 160 spacing. These four wells achieved average 30-day IP rates of roughly 400 BOE per day.  The Woodford’s ease of drilling also allowed us to drill and complete our first 10,000-foot ladder on the trend. The McNeil 6/7H was brought online in the second quarter with an average 30-day IP rate of nearly 700 BOE per day. Based on our positive results to date, we have recently added 60,000 net acres with Woodford potential to our lease hold position in the area. To date, we have derisked about 100,000 out of roughly 400,000 net acres prospective for Woodford oil shale development. This 100,000 net acres represents about 1,000 risked, undrilled locations.  Combining our Woodford oil shale and Miss Lime results, the second quarter production across the trend averaged 5,000 BOE per day, a 73% increase from the first quarter this year. While we have spud over 200 wells to date, infrastructure limitations, [flaring] restrictions, and wells awaiting completion have limited our production history to 89 operated wells, of which 60 are completed in the Miss Lime. Our results in the Miss Lime continue to vary, depending on geographic location, reservoir quality, landing zones, and completion techniques, with our best wells far exceeding our type curve. The seismic we have acquired thus far has allowed us to avoid structural geohazards such as faults and [unintelligible] and has allowed us to improve well orientation within the reservoir. Additional analysis is ongoing to identify correlations between production and the various seismic attributes that can be related back to the geology. As we further refine our [unintelligible] models with the integration of 3D seismic log data and well results, we’re confident we can improve our overall consistency. Inside our joint venture area, we saw an 80% increase in Woodford 30-day IP rates from our wells drilled with the benefit of seismic. To date, we have acquired 3D seismic over roughly 50% of our acreage inside the joint venture area, and plan to have the remainder of our seismic in this area shot by early next year. On our acreage to the north, we have a minor amount of seismic already in house, and our acquisition of additional seismic in this area will continue through 2014. For the remainder of the year, we expect to run 14 operated rigs on our joint venture acreage, where we have the benefit of 3D seismic and one operated rig testing our lease hold to the north. This rig count will keep us on pace to participate in approximately 350 wells for the year. Given the strength of our Woodford oil shale results, and the fact that Woodford wells secure acreage from the Miss Lime formation as well, we will focus our second half activity on drilling Woodford wells. This level of activity, combined with the progress we’ve made in building out infrastructure, will allow our net production to approach 15,000 BOE per day by the end of 2013 for the Miss Lime and Woodford oil shale combined. So, in summary, we are excited about the progress we’re making in the Mississippian Woodford trend, and believe these plays will provide the next leg of large-scale, highly economic oil growth for Devon. Shifting to our thermal oil projects in northeastern Alberta, second quarter production from our two Jackfish projects averaged roughly 53,000 barrels of oil per day net of royalties. Most importantly, the significant improvement in Canadian oil prices boosted our Jackfish operating margin by nearly 300% quarter over quarter.  Jackfish 1 production averaged 32,000 barrels per day during the quarter, and continued its trend of excellent plant reliability and efficiency. We reached project payout at Jackfish 1 in June, resulting in a step up in royalty rates to the Alberta government going forward. As a result, in the third quarter, we expect Jackfish 1 production, after royalties, to average between 26,000 to 28,000 barrels per day.  To further improve output at our Jackfish project, we’re testing a variety of technologies aimed at enhancing plant and reservoir productivity. While still too early to comment on the results of these pilot programs, industry participants, including Devon, expect that over time, improvements in SAGD technology will lead to step changes in efficiency, ultimately boosting production rates well above our nameplate capacity of 35,000 barrels per day. At Jackfish 2, second quarter production continued to ramp up, averaging an all-time high of 21,400 barrels per day net of royalties. To further assist the ramp up of this project, an additional well pad has been drilled at Jackfish 2 that is currently being tied in, and remains on schedule for first [steam] later this year.  Looking ahead to the third quarter, we’ll bring the Jackfish 2 plant down for scheduled maintenance beginning in mid-August, and expect the maintenance to take about three weeks. When we restart the plant, it can take up to four weeks to restore production to full capacity. Accordingly, our net third quarter Jackfish 2 production is expected to range an average on the order of 13,000 to 15,000 barrels per day. At Jackfish 3, we’re ahead of schedule and remain on budget with nearly 70% of the project complete. We now expect first steam in the third quarter of 2014, which is roughly one quarter sooner than we had originally expected. Also during the quarter, our Rockies oil program in the Powder River basin continued to gain momentum and deliver excellent results. In the second quarter, we brought 7 high-impact oil wells online, targeting the Turner and Parkman formations. Initial 30-day production from these 7 wells averaged 675 BOE per day, of which more than 90% was light oil. Our Powder River Basin results have driven our overall Rockies oil production up 27% year over year, to 11,000 barrels per day. This recent success in the Powder is attributable to the integration of additional 3D seismic data, coupled with improved completion techniques. To date, we have identified approximately 600 risked locations across our Powder River Basin acreage, and we expect further good news as we head into the second half of this year and into 2014.  Moving now to the Cana Woodford shale in western Oklahoma, second quarter production averaged 322 million cubic feet equivalent per day, with oil and NGLs comprising nearly 40% of production. This represents an impressive 48% increase in liquids production year over year.  During the second quarter, we spud 28 new horizontal Cana Woodford wells. Because of timing issues related to pad drilling, only three were brought online. We are currently in the process of bringing several new pads online. Expect to see strong third quarter production growth at Cana of roughly 10% sequentially. In addition, we continue to improve drilling efficiency at Cana. Over the past two years, we’ve managed to reduce drilling days by more than 40%. As a result, we now believe that only 10 operated rigs are required for the second half of the year to complete our 150 well program in 2013. Our planned expansions at Cana and in the Barnett are now complete and fully operational. Both facilities reached record daily [inlet] volumes and NGL production late in the second quarter. As John mentioned, and it’s worth repeating, our Cana and Barnett assets, combined with our midstream infrastructure, will produce around $1 billion of free cash flow in 2013. So, in summary, we had an outstanding execution in the second quarter across our entire North American onshore portfolio. With solid production results and a growth of inventory of opportunities, we’re poised to deliver impressive oil and liquids growth in 2013 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff for the financial review and outlook. Jeff? 
Jeff Agosta: Thank you, Dave, and good morning everyone. Today I will take you through a brief review of the key drivers that shaped our second quarter results and where called for, provide updated guidance. Beginning with production, as John detailed earlier, our record-setting production averaged 698,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was driven by growth in light oil production from the Permian Basin, coupled with the Mississippian and Woodford oil plays in north central Oklahoma. Total second quarter production exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by nearly 3%, and topped the upper end of our forecasted range by 8,0000 barrels per day.  Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect to continue to demonstrate year over year growth in our oil volumes, with average daily oil production ranging from 165,000 to 170,000 barrels per day. This implies a year over year growth rate in the high teens.  Driving this strong oil growth in the third quarter is an expected 40-plus percent increase in oil production from our U.S. operations, far surpassing the impact of higher post-payout royalty rates at Jackfish 1 and the planned turnaround at Jackfish 2 that Dave discussed earlier. Overall, on a BOE basis, after accounting for growth in NGLs and declines in natural gas, we expect production in the third quarter to range between 680,000 and 695,000 BOE per day. Due to the outperformance of our core development assets year to date, we are increasing our full year production target. This is in spite of selling noncore properties. We now expect our full year 2013 production to range from 250 million to 254 million BOE, an increase in the midpoint of our full year forecast of 4 million barrels. Breaking down our 2013 outlook by product, high margin oil production is the most significant growth driver, where total company oil production remains on track to increase at a rate of 16% to 19% over last year. NGL growth is also strong, and on pace to increase at a rate in the low teens for the year. Lastly, our operating teams have done a very good job optimizing base production from our natural gas assets. We now expect 2013 natural gas declines of only 7% compared to our 8-10% forecast. Looking now at our revenues, in the second quarter, significantly improved natural gas and oil price realizations, combined with higher oil production, drove our E&P upstream revenue to $2.2 billion, 37% higher than the year ago quarter. Oil sales, not including NGLs, once again accounted for more than 50% of our E&P revenue in the quarter. In the second quarter, our regional pricing by product was generally in line with expectations.  One noteworthy exception was the dramatic improvement in Canadian oil realizations. For the second quarter, oil price realizations in Canada came in just above the top end of our guidance range, at 66% of WTI, or roughly $62 per barrel. This represents a 52% increase compared to the first quarter.  This price recovery resulted from higher takeaway capacity provided by improved flow rates on key export pipes, new rail capacity, higher refinery demand, and some delays in production supply growth from industry.  Based on what we have seen so far in July and August, we expect third quarter Canada oil realizations to range from 65% to 75% of WTI. However, supply and demand dynamics for Canadian crude remained tight, so any disruptions in refining or takeaway capacity could negatively impact pricing. Looking at natural gas, the only notable change to our guidance is a minor adjustment for the recent widening of [ACO] differentials in Canada. We are now projecting third quarter natural gas realizations in Canada to be between 70% to 80% of Henry Hub. For natural gas liquids, we expect our third quarter realizations to range between 26% to 28% of WTI.  Turning now to our midstream business, in addition to our strong upstream performance, our marketing and midstream operations also delivered a solid quarter. Our midstream operating profit came in at $121 million in the second quarter, enhancing our company-wide margins by nearly $2 per BOE. The improvement in natural gas prices and higher utilization of our fractionation facility at Mont Belvieu were the key performance drivers for the quarter. This resulted in second quarter midstream profit exceeding the top end of our implied guidance range. With the first six months in hand, we now expect our full year marketing and midstream operating profit to come in between $450 and $500 million, an increase of $25 million from our previous guidance. Shifting now to expenses, we have continued to do a good job of controlling costs across our entire portfolio. For the first half of 2013, most expenses items have trended toward the bottom end, or even below, our guidance range, including LOE, G&A, taxes other than income, and [BD&A]. For the second quarter, the company’s pretax expenses totaled $1.7 billion. On a unit of production basis, pretax expenses declined 2% from Q1, and increased only 1% year over year. By achieving significant scale and core operating areas, coupled with our consistent focus on cost of management, we are positioned with one of the better cost structures in the industry. This is especially impressive given our shift to oilier projects, which are delivering much higher rates of return but are generally more expensive to operate. Looking ahead to the third quarter, for those of you who model Devon, we expect the payout at Jackfish 1 and turnaround related expenses at Jackfish 2 to increase our LOE to a range of $9 to $9.50 per BOE. However, our full year guidance remains unchanged. Before we open the call to Q&A, I will conclude my remarks with a quick review of our financial position. During the second quarter, our cash flow, after adjusting for balance sheet changes and repatriation tax, totaled $1.4 billion, a 31% increase compared to the second quarter of last year. This cash flow allowed us to comfortably fund our capital demands while maintaining excellent financial strength. Additionally, we reduced our debt by $2 billion using offshore cash balances. We continue to have one of the best liquidity positions in the E&P sector, with cash and short-term investments of $4.2 billion. Of these cash balances, approximately $3.6 billion resides in subsidiaries outside North America. Depending upon how our 2013 tax position evolves, and once we firm up plans for 2014, there is the potential to bring another sizable amount of cash back to the U.S. at a tax rate in the mid single digits. In summary, it was a solid quarter for Devon, both operationally and financially. We posted strong oil production growth, we expanded our margins through growth in light oil, higher price realizations, and strong cost controls, and we maintained our solid financial position. So with that, I will turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A. Vince? 
Vince White: Operator, we’re ready for the first question. 
Operator: Our first question in queue comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse. A line is open for you now. 
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : Jeff, kudos on the repatriation. I know that’s been a lot of effort for you and your teams, so congrats on that. My first question is regarding the Woodford play, Dave. Understanding it’s early in this play, but I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit on the consistency of the well results thus far, perhaps the initial rates of return versus the Mississippian program, and bigger picture, what do you think this could do for Devon if you can prove this position out.
David Hager: Well, we’re pretty excited about this opportunity overall, because I think by the nature of being a shale play, and the fact that it is a source rock for the vast majority of the Mississippian play, by the nature of it, shales tend to be more consistent in nature, and so that has led to greater consistency in well results already. And we’re just at the beginning stages of really characterizing the overall play.  So we are seeing more consistent results, there’s obviously some variability. Some of the keys we’re looking for, where we can enhance the permeability through fracturing and you see some variability depending on the thickness of the reservoir, but overall, it is a consistent play that produces strong economic results.  You can see where we’re using, essentially for right now, the same type curve as we’re using for the Mississippian, but it’s going to be a little bit lower well costs. So that’s, obviously, even going to enhance the economics a little bit more. And as I highlighted, we’re very confident. We derisked 100,000 acres, and we see the potential for up to 400,000 acres of Woodford potential across our 650,000 acre position in the Miss trend. So it’s an exciting play. If it works out to scale, you can do the math, but it can add a lot to our light oil story.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : And do you have the same water issues that you have in the Miss Lime?
David Hager : No, you don’t have near the water issues you have in the Miss Lime.
Arun Jayaram - Credit Suisse : John, one for you. I wanted to ask you, just around strategic alternatives and potential strategic alternatives beyond the MLP, thoughts on other things such as Canada, thinking about strategic alternatives around Canada to unlock some of the value there of your oil sands position.
John Richels : Without getting into any of the specifics, we’re always looking at ways that we can bring that value forward, and I think our history proves that we’re not afraid of doing that and making bold moves. However, a lot of things that we talk about and reflect on from the outside don’t necessarily add long term value.  And so we’re very conscious about that, and we’re looking at any opportunities available to us. We’ve always said we’re always considering how to bring value forward, and we’re not leaving any stone unturned in that analysis. But we’re only going to do the things that add long term value and not take action simply for action’s sake. 
Operator: Next in queue we have Doug Leggate with Bank of America. A line is open for you now.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Dave, first to you, perhaps. The Mississippi Lime and the Woodford, are we now basically seeing the Woodford as a primary target for your acreage there? And could you talk about what the implications are in terms of development plan, rig count activity, or rather, I guess, well activity, and ultimately how you might change capital allocation associated with this play.
David Hager : We like both of them. I think that’s the key. We like the Woodford and we like the Miss Lime. This is not negative on the Miss Lime, it’s just we have additional potential here in the Woodford. I think that’s really the key. The Woodford is a little bit deeper, and it has some of these additional qualities that we described of being a shale with probably more consistent results, a little bit easier to drill, a little lower well costs, all of which are very positive for that.  And in addition to being deeper, when you drill a Woodford well, you hold all rights above that. And so we’re going to have a tendency to drill more Woodford wells here in the short term to make sure that we get our acreage secured through the Woodford. But ultimately, it’s going to take the rest of this year, I think.  That’s what I’ve been trying to say consistently, that it’s going to take the rest of this year to really get a clear understanding of what the full potential is on both the Woodford and our Miss acreage, but it’s starting to emerge pretty positive, I can tell you, and it looks like we certainly have a strong leg to our next oil growth within Devon. And so I like where we are, bottom line. It’s just nice to have an additional formation such as the Woodford to really bolster that growth. 
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : I don’t know if you wanted to take my follow up, but it’s related to the carries, clearly the success in the Powder, the Permian, and the Miss. How are you allocating, and what’s the remaining capital carry you have in the two joint ventures that you have with Sumitomo and Sinopec?
Jeff Agosta: We should benefit to the tune of over $1 billion this year and a billion next year.
John Richels : And that’s the two JVs combined.
Jeff Agosta : Yeah, the two combined. But as far as specific to the Rockies and the Miss, that’s got to be upwards of $700 million to $800 million per year.
Operator: Your next question in queue comes from the line of Joseph Allman with JPMorgan. Their line is open for you now.  
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan : On the Miss Lime, production increased by about 2,200 barrels per day from the first quarter to the second quarter. And you drilled 44 wells in the second quarter, 34 in the first quarter. These are gross wells. So why is the production not ramping up faster there? 
David Hager : It’s important to remember that so far we’ve only brought a total of 64 wells online in the Miss, total of about 90 or so for the combined Miss and Woodford. And so we have currently, as we speak, we’re building out our infrastructure and we’ll be continuing to build out that infrastructure throughout the third and fourth quarter. So as we get the infrastructure built out, as we complete these additional wells, then we’re going to see the ramp up in production even further.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan : And the Miss Woodford, I think your press release indicated that, so you exited the June quarter at 7,000 barrels a day, you exited the March quarter somewhere in the neighborhood of 3,500 barrels a day, you brought on 36 wells in the second quarter, and you mentioned the 10, that averaged 840 or so BOE per day. So that would imply that the other 26 wells actually had a very low rate. So I was just working the math. I’m just trying to understand what the average of those other 26 was.
David Hager : They’re varied. And it’s important to remember, and I’ll go back to what I said previously, we are still in the testing phase of this. We are landing in various zones within the Miss, and we’re experimenting throughout our acreage. An additional point I need to make is the working interest in a number of these wells. We’re talking about gross wells. And so the working interest in a number of these wells is very low.  So you really can’t do the math I think you’re trying to do, to figure out the rate. But we are seeing a lot of variability right now, and we’ll continue to see that as we evaluate our acreage here throughout the rest of this year. And then we will really be focusing in on what we think are the best parts of the play. 
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan : Dave, could you give us the average working interest for the Miss Lime and for the Woodford? I thought it was actually pretty high, with about a 20% royalty.
David Hager : I think it’s averaging about 30% or so.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan : 30% working interest average?
David Hager : Yeah. I might also mention, just to follow up on some of these wells too, we can produce for about 30 days and then we can’t produce them any further, because there are the flaring restrictions we have. So we’ve actually had to shut in some of these wells. So there’s a lot of complicating factors that factor in to why it’s taken a while to ramp. Once we have our facilities in place, that we’re talking about building out here in the second half of the year, that won’t be an issue anymore.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan : And John, just on the strategic alternatives, as a follow up, from the language it sounds as if that process has slowed down somewhat internally. I think you were looking at options for the midstream business, and you already announced those, but it sounded previously, I think you said everything was on the table. Now it sounds as if that process has slowed down internally. Is that a proper interpretation?
John Richels : I don’t think it’s slowed down. I said everything’s on the table, and everything’s still on the table. If we can see opportunities that create long term value and that make sense and are accretive, then we’ll look at them. But I just wanted to make the point that just undertaking activity for activity’s sake doesn’t make sense unless we think it’s really something that’s going to add some value to the stocks. I wouldn’t say that we’ve changed our view on that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Their line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : Shifting to the Permian, can you talk in more detail about what’s driven the increase in your Bone Springs locations? How much of that is due to incremental Bone Springs zones working, versus you’ve tested a wider acreage, versus spacing, versus EURs, or anything else?
David Hager : Let me give you a little bit of an idea for what is going on here. It’s primarily, as we test additional acreage. That’s the answer. To give you a little bit of color on the details on this, when you look at the logs of this first and second Bone Springs, they are what we like to typically call railroad tracks, which really means we see very little indication of a deflection of the SP curve, or the resistivity curve, which you typically see in productive formations.  And so what this really means is these are pretty fine-grained reservoirs, and so you can’t just look at a log and say for certain that these wells are going to be productive. You have to actually go in and test new areas, and then you find out, oh, it’s working. And so based on that fact, then you step out further, and you step out further, and you say that area’s working too.  So that’s what we’re really doing. We’re stepping out and testing new areas, because it’s just not obvious from the well data that it’s really going to be productive. And what we’re finding is that these areas that just don’t look that impressive by traditional log analysis techniques, when we go out and test them, they’re working really well.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs : And my follow up goes back to some of the earlier questions. Is the emergence of this Woodford oil opportunity in the Mississippi Lime area meaningful enough where it reduces your appetite for considering or adding oil resource via acquisition from some new play elsewhere?
David Hager : Well, we’re always going to be very disciplined, I think, if we’re looking at any acquisitions. And so we’re going to, I think, continue to look to see if there are any meaningful, but obviously we haven’t made any deals yet, because we’re being very disciplined from a value standpoint. I think it’s always in our best interest to look, but we’re certainly excited that this adds a lot of strength to our internal oil growth story as well. So I wouldn’t say we’re going to stop looking. We always see if there’s something meaningful out there, but it certainly gives us a lot more confidence on our internal story. 
Operator: Next in queue we have [Sue Lin] from Robert W. Baird. A line is open for you now.
[Sue Lin] - Robert W. Baird: A quick clarification question about Woodford oil. Is this part of your Sumitomo JV? And also, what is your planned activity for developing this play in ’13 and ’14? Could you use part of the [drill carry] from the JV? 
David Hager : We have 650,000 acres throughout the Mississippian trend. About 150,000 or so of that acreage is within the joint venture, not with Sumitomo, but with Sinopec. And where we’re drilling the bulk of our wells right now is on that acreage that’s within the Sinopec JV, and that has the bulk of the derisked acreage for the Woodford right now. And we see additional prospectivity outside of the joint venture acreage with Sinopec that we’re going to be derisking here throughout the remainder of ’13 and ’14. So right now, as part of the Sinopec JV, and as part of the overall plan, as part of the 350 wells we talked about that we’ll be drilling overall in the play, and it’s within the budget that we’re working with with Sinopec and the JV.
[Sue Lin] - Robert W. Baird: And then the second question is regarding Powder River Basin. Given that the overall results there seem to be pretty good on Parkman and Turner, and you also have 600 risked locations, I was just wondering is this going to become a core area for you guys? Are there any permitting issues to develop this play here?
David Hager : Well, we’re excited with the results we have. And we’re looking at ways to increase our well activity as we move into 2014. It is BLM land for the most part. Not entirely, but for the most part. There’s a longer permitting process involved in that, so we need to get ahead of the curve as far as permits. We do see the scope for increasing rig activity in 2014. Is it going to grow to the size of the potential that we see in the Miss or the Permian? No, I don’t think so. But is it still going to be a meaningful part of the growth story? Yeah, it can be a significant contributor, I think. Still, it’s probably not going to be of the scale of the Permian and the Miss.
[Sue Lin] - Robert W. Baird: And then my last question is do you have any update for us on Cline, in the Permian?
David Hager: Yeah, on the Cline, we’ve decreased our rig activity right now. We’ve seen a lot of variability on the Cline. And we certainly have our concerns about the Cline, but we’re also getting additional 3D in there. We’re looking at our completion techniques.  For the short term, we’ve decreased down to two rigs in there, both of which are going to be doing what I call mini developments in Sterling County, seeing how low we can get the well costs to have economic developments there. In the meantime, we’re studying the well results we have to date. We’re getting 3D. And as I said, the results have been pretty mixed so far. So we need to do some studying here before we go back out there with a significant program.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Herrlin with Société Générale. Their line is open for you now. 
John Herrlin - Société Générale Americas Securities : A couple for Dave. With the Woodford Mississippian trend that you discussed, you said that you had variable thickness in the Woodford Shale. How variable is it aerially, when you look at all this acreage? Or is it relatively uniform?
David Hager : It’s reasonably variable. We have some areas we’re not including in our prospective acreage at all, because it’s not present. And so we’ve seen positive well results, down to as low as 40 to 50 feet of Woodford shale. We’ve seen very good well results, and it’s up to 150 feet thick in other areas. So there is some variability across the play. There’s no question about it. But again, we’ve had positive results down to 40 to 50 feet, and so that’s why we see a lot of it as being prospective.
John Herrlin - Société Générale Americas Securities : When do you think you’ll an HBP mode in terms of capturing all the acreage? This year?
David Hager : We won’t have it all captured this year. It will take on into 2014, particularly to the acreage to the north. The bulk of the acreage within the joint venture area will get HBP this year, but it will be 2014 to really do the acreage to the north.
John Herrlin - Société Générale Americas Securities : Next one from me is on the Permian. Have you hit a stage where you’re in a pad mode yet? You’ve talked about your drilling times improving.
David Hager : Oh yeah, we’re doing pad drilling throughout the Bone Springs, throughout the Wolfcamp shale. We have been for some time. And that’s frankly why some of the ramp up of production has been pretty inconsistent, I guess you’d say.  But to give you an idea, though, just to fortify our production growth in the second half of the year, to give you one example here, in our Wolfcamp shale area, we fracked about 25 wells in July. They’re coming on here in August. We’re going to frack another 25 wells in August. They’ll come on in September.  And so that’s what’s really the cause of the nature of pad drilling that the growth has been a little bit lumpy. But now that we’re getting all these wells drilled, completed, and on production, that’s what gives us the confidence. We’re going to have to kind of ramp up what we’re forecasting for the remainder of 2013. We’re also pad drilling in Bone Springs. Same issue there.
John Herrlin - Société Générale Americas Securities : Given the results in Bone Springs wells, are you going to increase your EURs there?
David Hager : They’re running at about 15% above the type curve right now. I don’t know, I’ll have to talk to the guys and see if they feel confident in doing it all the way. You understood the issue I talked about before. They’ve got to convince themselves those railroad track looking logs are really going to deliver even more. So we’ll see if they can get that confidence. But we’re getting outstanding results.
Operator: Next in queue we have Rehan Rashid with FBR. Their line is open for you now.
Rehan Rashid - FBR : Just a quick question on Jackfish 2. Once we have the turnaround and the incremental pad in, what should we think about as the run rate? 
David Hager : We’re probably going to get an incremental on the order of about 8,000 barrels a day or so from the next pad, so once we’re fully back ramped up, I’d say 30,000 to 31,000 barrels a day, somewhere in that order.
Rehan Rashid - FBR : And this should be by what, middle of next year? 
David Hager : Yeah, somewhere around there.
Rehan Rashid - FBR : And just broadly speaking, thoughts around further exploration efforts going on within the enterprise, some broad thoughts on that front? What should we be looking forward to?
David Hager : Well, we’re always out there looking, and we have a lot of ideas internally. Frankly, this has been a year where we had captured a lot of acreage, and we felt it was the year to evaluate that acreage. And given the success that we’re having on that acreage right now, I think it’s an open question as to how much additional acreage we need to add. Because we’ve got a lot of growth that we’re identifying right now from the acreage we’ve already captured. So if we see some that we think are truly outstanding, we may go out and try to capture those, but we’ve got a lot of growth already from what we have captured.
Operator: You last question in queue comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Their line is open for you now.
Charles Meade - Johnson Rice : I was wondering if we could turn to the Midland Basin Wolfcamp, and those look like some pretty good results that you have there, but I’m curious, I know that at least one of those two Ector wells you did in 2012 was a relatively short lateral. I want to say it was around 3,000 feet. And so I wondered if you could add some detail, first on what your lateral lengths were on these wells that you reported with this quarter. And second, if you could give a breakdown of the 250,000 net acres that you have prospective for the Wolfcamp, how much of that is Delaware and how much of that is Midland. 
David Hager : On the lateral lengths for the wells in Ector County, we’re currently drilling those about 5,000 foot laterals. Not quite as long as the ones we were doing in the southern Midland Basin. The breakdown of the Wolfcamp shale acreage that we have, it’s about 140,000 acres or so that we think is prospective in the Delaware Basin. Then we have about 65,000 acres or so, I think, perspective down in the southern Midland Basin. And then the rest of it is up in Ector County, and then some other smaller, scattered acreage.
Vince White: John, do you have any closing remarks?
John Richels : Just want to summarize. Our annual production is going to be at the top end of our guidance, with our U.S. light oil production up 36% year over year. Really importantly, too, year to date cash costs are at the bottom end of the guidance, and our capital expenditures remain comfortably within our original guidance. We’re going to continue to expand our high margin light oil drilling inventory in the Permian, and we’re very excited about the new Woodford oil shale play that David’s discussed a lot today. So was we move forward, we’re going to continue to be disciplined with our capital, we’re going to continue to preserve our financial flexibility, we’re going to continue to pursue our top strategic objective of maintaining long term growth and cash flow per debt-adjusted share. So thank you very much for joining us today.  And with that, I guess we’re done.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Vince White – SVP, Communications John Richels – President and CEO David Hager – EVP, Exploration and Production Jeff Agosta – CFO
Analysts:  Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Mead – Johnson Rice Bob Brackett – Bernstein Research Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs David Tameron – Wells Fargo 
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Thank you, and welcome everybody to Devon’s first quarter earnings call and webcast. Today’s call will follow our usual format. I’ll cover a couple of preliminary items, and then our President and CEO, John Richels, will provide his comments. Following that, Dave Hager, the Head of Exploration will provide an operations update, and then Jeff Agosta, our CFO, will finish with a review of our financial results, as well as some specific guidance for the upcoming quarter. After Jeff’s discussion, we will have our Q&A session, and we’ve got Darryl Smette, the head of marketing midstream and supply chain with us today to help in the Q&A. We’ll conclude the call after about an hour, but as usual, the Investor Relations team will be available for any follow-up for the rest of the day. During the call today, we’ll make some minor changes to our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results for the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. However, we will not be issuing a revised 8K because our outlook for the remainder of the year does fall within the ranges that we provided in the former 8K filed in February. To access a comprehensive summary of our current guidance, you can go to Devonenergy.com and click on the guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that all references today to plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates are considered forward-looking statements under US securities law and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and to see a discussion of the risk factors relating to these estimates, you can reference our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also in today’s call, we’ll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we’re required to provide the related disclosures and they can be found on Devon’s website as well. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to briefly comment on the 1.9 billion non-cash asset impairment charge taken during the first quarter, which resulted from a full-cost accounting ceiling test. The fact that we have an impairment charge in this quarter, in spite of stronger gas prices, seems counterintuitive at first glance. However, when you examine the mechanics of the ceiling test, it begins to make sense. In the second quarter of last year, several of our gassy large cap piers that are on the full cost method of accounting took significant impairment charges because of declining gas prices. However, Devon’s relatively large oil and NGLs component and our reserve base protected us from having a write-down in last year’s second quarter, and reduced the magnitude of our write-downs in the second half of last year. In the first quarter of this year, weakness in US NGLs prices and Canadian oil price realizations removed some of the cushion that was previously provided. When taken in aggregate, including our first quarter charge announced today, all of the large cap companies utilizing the full-cost method have taken write-downs of similar relative magnitude. The impairment charge, just as a reminder, the impairment charge has no impact on cash flow, cash balances or our credit agreements, and is certainly not indicative of the future cash flows we expect to generate from our assets. When you exclude the asset impairment charge and other items analysts typically exclude from estimates, our non-GAAP earnings and cash flow for the quarter were $0.66 and $2.85 per share on a diluted basis, respectively. Higher than forecasted production and lower pre-tax costs were the key drivers that allowed us to comfortably exceed Wall Street’s expectations for the quarter. With those items out of the way, I’ll turn the call over to John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we delivered very solid operating results across all of our core development assets. The conversion of our portfolio mix to a higher oil weighting remains on track and that’s evidenced by the strong growth in oil production during the quarter. More importantly, the projects driving this growth are delivering very attractive rates of return. So now, let me just go over a few highlights. During the first quarter, we increased company-wide oil production 8%, compared to the last quarter, and 14% higher than the first quarter of 2012. This growth was led by our US oil production, which increased 23% year-over-year, driven largely by continued success in the Permian Basin. With the aggressive transition of our North American onshore portfolio mix, oil and liquids production has now reached 41% of total volumes, which is up from 30% just a few years ago. These products now account for two-thirds of our sales revenue. We’ve also made important progress in de-risking our Mississippian and Rockies oil acreage with impressive results during the quarter, providing good visibility to the next leg of oil growth at Devon. You’ll hear more about both the Mississippian and the Rockies oil results from Dave in just a few moments. With the recent upswing in pricing, we have meaningfully added to our oil and gas hedge position for this year and next year. This includes attractive basis swaps for our Canadian heavy oil production for the remainder of this year. We also enhanced our margins during the quarter by controlling costs. In fact, pre-tax cash costs per BOE actually declined 4% from the prior quarter. And finally, in March, we announced a 10% increase in our cash dividend. This is the eighth time we’ve increased our dividend since 2004, and extends a long history of returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Of course, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape with a net debt-to-cap ratio of only 22% and $6.5 billion of cash on hand. As we have previously discussed, $6.1 billion of our cash resides in foreign subsidiaries and there are some tax ramifications associated with the repatriation of that cash to the US. However, recent changes to our tax position now afford us the opportunity to immediately repatriate approximately $2 billion of our foreign cash with minimal additional tax. Jeff will speak to this in more detail later in the call. One of the most discussed items in the industry right now is the improvement in natural gas prices with both the current Henry hub trading month and the longer dated strip now above $4 per MCF. The relative strength in natural gas prices is attributable to both the increase in heating demand from a late winter, along with evidence that the growth in US natural gas supply is beginning to slow significantly. These factors have helped reduce gas storage levels to just below the trailing five-year average. The recent uplift in natural gas prices could have a significant impact on our financial results in upcoming quarters. While the improved sentiment around gas prices is certainly encouraging, we’re not modifying our 2013 capital plans at this time. Even with our natural gas assets being located across some of the lowest cost shale plays in North America, returns continue to be more attractive on the oil and liquids rich side of our portfolio versus dry gas drilling. In addition to improving cash flows from higher natural gas pricing, we also expect to benefit in the upcoming months from improved price realizations on our Canadian oil production. For the past several quarters, Canadian oil price realizations have been very volatile and have averaged well below the historical range, due to tight regional supply and demand dynamics. While we expect price volatility to persist for the next 12 months, we’ve recently seen a big recovery in Canadian heavy oil price realizations. Western Canadian Select blended pricing has dramatically improved from a low of approximately 50% of WTI in mid January, to as high as 85% of WTI in recent weeks. This improvement in Canadian oil pricing is in response to increased takeaway capacity and the delay in the startup of new production from Exxon’s curl project. As with changes in natural gas pricing, our leverage to higher Canadian heavy crude pricing is quite meaningful. In spite of the clear visibility of improving cash flows, Devon’s valuation remains at a meaningful discount to our North American onshore peers. As we discussed in our last call, we are examining and considering any and every option to highlight unrecognized asset value to the market and bring that value forward for our shareholders. However, any action we take must create sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. Keep in mind, each of these potential alternatives has unique complexities that require careful consideration. They include operational complexities, regulatory issues, contractual obligations, relative asset valuations, and tax implications, just to name a few. As we discussed last quarter, one option being evaluated is the creation of a midstream master limited partnership. We’re nearing our – the completion of our evaluation and we expect to reach a final go/no-go decision before the end of this quarter. Pre-offering rules prohibit us from providing any additional information at this point. In addition to the midstream MLP, we are continuing, in earnest, the review of several additional potential actions and expect to complete these evaluations by year end. So to sum it up, we continue to successfully execute our business plan, as evidenced by our solid quarterly operating results and, specifically, by the continuation of strong oil production growth. Our continued success in the Permian, the Mississippian trends, and the Rockies has enhanced the visibility of our long-term oil and liquids growth profile. Our balanced asset portfolio provides our shareholders high margin oil growth and a significant option value on improving natural gas prices from our vast inventory of undrilled locations in the high-quality natural gas plays. And, finally, we’re committed to optimizing shareholder returns and are evaluating every option to unlock value in our company. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed highlight of our details.
Dave Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Let’s begin with a quick recap of our first quarter capital expenditures. Exploration development capital for the first quarter totaled $1.5 billion, in line with our previous guidance. Keep in mind, our first quarter expenditures will be the high point for the year due to our winter programs in Canada and the declining activity levels in the Barnett. We fully expect to be within the full year guidance range provided in our February 8K filing. As John indicated earlier, our first quarter capital program was centered on our highest margin oil and liquids opportunities and generated positive results. We’re off to a good start this year and the solid year-over-year oil and liquids production growth in the Permian Basin, Jackfish and Cana. We also continue to move forward with the evaluation of de-risking of our various emerging plays. Let’s take a closer look at some of the first quarter highlights. Starting in the Permian Basin, our Permian Basin production averaged a record 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. Looking specifically at our Permian oil production, it grew 24% over the same period of last year, with wide oil accounting for 60% of our Permian volumes. In the first quarter, we ran 29 operating rigs focused on Permian oil development opportunities. As we told you in February, we had a large number of wells awaiting completion at year end, which was a result of higher activity levels that began in the fourth quarter of last year. We are currently working through these well completions and expect to see strong second quarter oil production growth in the Permian Basin of roughly 15% sequentially, and will continue to deliver strong growth throughout the remainder of the year. Overall, we are on track to grow basin-wide oil production nearly 40% in 2013. A key driver of our Permian oil growth continues to be our Bone Springs horizontal program in New Mexico. We currently have 10 operating rigs working in the play. In the first quarter, we brought 20 Bone Spring wells on line, with average 30-day IP rates of 590 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which, more than 70% was light oil. While the majority of our activity in the area is focused on our Bone Springs program, we also have an ongoing Delaware program targeting light oil. In the first quarter, we tied in four new Delaware horizontals, highlighted by the Caswell 23-fed DH that had a 30-day IP rate of 440 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 360 barrels of oil. Our combined drilling inventory in the Bone Springs and Delaware currently represents over 1,300 remaining locations, and more than 300 million barrels of net risk resource potential to Devon. Now shifting to our JV with Sumitomo, exploration drilling continues across the partnership’s 556,000 net acres on the eastern flank of the Midland basin and along the Eastern Shelf. In the first quarter, we drilled eight wells across our multi-county position targeting the Cline Shale. We have data on roughly 30 horizontal wells completed by Devon and industry, to date. The results vary widely, from 30-day IPs ranging from less than 50 BOE per day, to over 800 BOE per day. We believe that drilling without the benefit of 3D seismic is contributing to the variability in results. We are in the process of acquiring 3D seismic in the area and expect to begin incorporating our findings into our program later this year. In addition, we continue to experiment with different completion techniques and landing zones in an effort to improve results. In the second quarter, we will begin drilling on our first five-well pad in Sterling County, with an eye towards gaining operational efficiencies and reducing costs. Later this year, we also plan to test a horizontal Wolfcamp potential on a portion of our Cline acreage. Keep in mind, our operation is spread over a seven-county area encompassing approximately 5,000 square miles and we are still in the early stages of evaluation. We continue to see good results from our five-rig program in the Wolfcamp Shale in the Southern Midland Basin. During the first quarter, we spun 18 new horizontal Wolfcamp wells, but because of timing issues related to pad drilling, only four were brought online. These four wells were tied in with 30-day IP rates that support our price for the area with an EUR of 500,000 barrels of oil equivalent per well. To date, we have brought online a total of 30 operated Wolfcamp Shale wells and have established approximately 800 undrilled locations in this oil resource play. At this point, we are confident characterizing our Southern Midland Basin Wolfcamp shale as a highly economic, repeatable development play. In summary, Devon’s 1.3 million net acres in the Permian represents one of the largest and best quality acreage positions in the industry. We continue to be one of the most active Permian drillers and we expect to grow our basin-wide oil production nearly 40% in 2013. With our inventory of thousands of undrilled locations remaining in the Bone Springs, the Delaware, and the Wolfcamp Shale, we expect high growth rate from our Permian oil properties for many years to come. Shifting to our thermal oil projects in northeastern Alberta, aggregate first quarter production from our two Jackfish projects averaged approximately 54,000 barrels of oil per day net of royalties. Jackfish 1 accounted for 33,000 barrels per day of this total and continued this trend of excellent plant reliability and efficiency. The exact timing of payout at Jackfish 1 continues to fluctuate with changing heavy oil prices and differentials, but our current expectation is for payouts to occur sometime in the second half of this year. Also at Jackfish 1, we’re testing a variety of productivity enhancements, including the use of solvents and natural gas co-injection. Our first pilot program on these new fronts kick off in the first quarter. If successful, these technologies will likely apply to our other thermal oil assets. We will be monitoring the results of these pilot programs over the course of the year to determine the degree of success and the optimal path forward regarding their use at other locations. At Jackfish 2, first quarter production increased to an average of 21,000 barrels per day net of royalties. We have completed the wells on an additional well pad at Jackfish 2. Insulation of pad facilities will continue through the summer, followed by commissioning and first steam scheduled for late in the fourth quarter. At Jackfish 3, we’re moving forward on schedule and on budget, with approximately 60% of the project now complete. This puts us on track for a startup around year-end 2014. At Pike, we wrapped up our winter drilling program during the first quarter. We drilled 34 stereographic core wells and acquired some 55 square miles of seismic. This program essentially completes the evaluation of the first phase of the Pike development, confirming a high-quality reservoir similar to that of our Jackfish projects. We expect to receive our regulatory approval on Pike around year-end and we continue to work with our partner on the design of the 105,000 barrel per day Pike 1 development. We operate Pike with a 50% working interest, with BP owning the other 50%. As a reminder, we expect our portfolio to sag the assets to drive Devon’s net thermal oil production to at least 150,000 barrels per day by the end of the decade, representing a compound annual growth rate in the high teens. Also in Canada, we told you last quarter about our plans to move forward with a development project in the Ferrier corridor area in Western Alberta. This is an area where Devon has roughly 240,000 net acres prospective for the cardium oil and liquid-rich zones, including the glauconite. The first stage of development is focused on about a third of our acreage position, where Devon has an inventory of more than 200 locations, with net resource potential in excess of 100 million barrels of oil equivalent. Liquid production from its first phase of the development is expected to account for roughly 50% of total production. As a result, we’re constructing a gas processing facility with an inlet capacity of 100 million a day and liquid processing capacity of approximately 13,000 barrels per day. Construction of the facility began in March and is expected to be complete by mid 2014. We will begin ramping up our drilling activity late this year with a six-rig program planned for the fourth quarter. Moving now to the Cana Woodford shale in Western Oklahoma. In the first quarter, we had 14 operated rigs running. We continue to achieve outstanding results from our focused drilling program in the liquid-rich core. During the quarter, we brought 28 operated wells online with average 30-day IP rates of 5.5 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 470 barrels of liquids per day. These results continue to rank among the best in the play, to date, and continue to exceed our type curve expectation. First quarter production averaged 340 million cubic feet equivalent per day, a 26% increase over the year-ago quarter. Cana’s first quarter production growth was led by oil and NGL growth of 78% year-over-year, to 5,000 barrels of oil and 18,000 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. Shifting to the Barnett shale in north Texas, in the first quarter our liquids-rich focus drilling program in the core of the play continued to generate competitive returns. First quarter net production averaged 1.4 BCF equivalent per day, a slight increase over the previous quarter. Liquids production increased 5% year-over-year to 55,000 barrels per day. Our full-year production guidance assumes a 4% year-over-year decline for the Barnett, but we continue to be impressed with the performance of our base production. Our efforts to mitigate the declines through initiatives such as reducing line pressures and increased use of automation are paying dividends. With their recent strengthening in natural gas prices, we expect to generate nearly 600 million of free cash flow in the Barnett, in 2013. As John mentioned, we continue to monitor the gas markets very closely. Should the outlet – outlook for gas prices continue to improve, we can easily shift activity to the Barnett and take advantage of the thousands of rift locations we have in our undrilled inventories. Finally, to the final development drilling area I’ll cover today, in the Granite Wash area we’re continuing to see solid results. We brought seven operated wells online during the first quarter, including two operated Hogshooter wells with an average 30-day production rate of 1,250 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 1,100 barrels per day of oil and liquids. Subsequent to the quarter end, we tied in another Hogshooter well, the lot 1-9, located in Wheeler County. The lot 1-9 has been online for just 15 days and has averaged 2,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including nearly 2,000 barrels of oil per day. On the exploration front, from our 600,000 net-acre position in the Mississippian to north central Oklahoma, we have some very encouraging results to report. In the first quarter, we brought 24 wells online, bringing our total operated well count in the play up to 53 producing wells. To date, the majority of our activity has been focused in Noble, Payne and Logan counties, within the joint venture with Sinopec, in which they carry the majority of our capital cost. At quarter end, we had approximately 71 wells in various stages of completion or tie-in, due to the timing of pad drilling and related infrastructure build-out. It is important to note that because of constraints in the gas-gathering infrastructure and maintenance restrictions, production rates for many of our new wells have been limited. However, even with the constrained flow rates, our results from this play continue to support or exceed our target economics. Recently, we have seen several wells that have been producing between seven and 30 days, with rates from 600 to over 1,100 barrels of oil per day. That is not barrels equivalent. That is the oil production only. In addition, these wells produce significant volumes of high BTU gas. To date, we are also seeing a higher component of propane and heavier liquids in the NGL barrel, as compared to other liquids-rich plays. Our recent well results confirm our belief in the important of 3D seismic in the area. With the incorporate – with the incorporation of 3D seismic into our geological modeling and our selection of drilling locations, we are beginning to see significant improvement in well results. Our recent success has confirmed our plans to concentrate our activity in areas where we have incorporated 3D seismic into our program. In addition to the benefits of 3D seismic, we have strong evidence our improving completion techniques are resulting in higher EURs. In summary, strong results from the Mississippian trend confirm our belief that this area will provide the next leg of large-scale – large scale highly economic oil growth for Devon. And finally, our Rockies oil exploration program delivered encouraging results in the first quarter. Within our Powder River Basin acreage in northeast Wyoming, we brought five oil wells online during the quarter targeting the Turner, Frontier and Parkman formations. Initial 30-day production from these five wells averaged 540 BOE per day. Following the end of the quarter, we commenced production on two additional high-rate oil wells. After a few weeks of production, these wells, targeting the Parkman and Turner, were averaging 1,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 960 barrels of oil. Our four-rig program in the Rockies will focus on exploiting our success in the powder river throughout 2013. To date we have identified approximately 600 risk locations across these three formations and we expect this inventory to grow as we continue to de-risk this emerging opportunity. So, in summary, our 2013 capital program is off to a great start. With solid production results in our cornerstone areas and a significant inventory of emerging oil opportunities, we are poised to deliver solid oil and liquids growth in 2013 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff for a financial review and outlook, Jeff.
Jeff Agosta: Thanks, Dave and good morning, everyone. Today, I would – take you through a brief review of the key drivers that shaped our first quarter results and, where called for, provide updated guidance. Beginning with production, our first quarter production was very strong, averaging 687,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This exceeded the upper end of our guidance range by a few thousand barrels per day. Solid execution across all of our core development regions drove the strong performance. Most importantly, on the oil side of our business, we again delivered excellent growth. For the quarter, oil production averaged 162,000 barrels per day, setting an all-time high from our North American asset base and coming in at the top of our guidance range for the quarter. Led by robust growth in the Permian Basin, our US oil production grew 23% compared to the first quarter of 2012. Looking to the second quarter, we expect growth in the Permian and Mississippian trend to boost total oil production by about 4% sequentially, to a range of 163 to 173,000 barrels per day. NGL production for the second quarter will be essentially flat with the Q1, due to the timing of bringing on wells in our liquids-rich plays. After taking into account expected declines in natural gas, we expect total company-wide production in the second quarter on a barrel of oil equivalent basis to range between 670 and 690,000 BOE per day. For the second half of the year, oil and liquids growth will accelerate as a result of pad tie-ins and a plan expansion at Cana, a plant expansion in the Barnett, and the impact of the ramp-up in the Permian and Mississippian trend. Moving to price realizations, as John mentioned earlier, we expect Canadian oil realizations to be volatile, but to improve going forward. Although our realized oil price in Canada averaged only 43% of the WTI benchmark during the quarter, this result was right in line with the guidance we provided. The weak pricing was driven by abnormally high crude storage levels carried over from late 2012, due to down time at multiple refineries and restricted flow rates on key export pipelines. These temporary bottlenecks have improved as we have moved into the second quarter. In fact, the Western Canadian Select differential in April narrowed to $23 below WTI. In the May contract, it tightened even further to a discount of only $14 per barrel. As result of this improved pricing, we now expect our second quarter Canadian oil price realizations to range from 55 to 65% of WTI. Looking briefly at our hedging activity, since our last update at year-end, we have added oil hedges. For the balance of 2013, we have entered into contracts to hedge 135,000 barrels per day, which is just under 80% of our forecasted oil production. Of this total, 70,000 barrels per day are swapped at a weighted average price of $100 per barrel. The remaining 65,000 barrels per day utilizes costless callers, with a weighted average ceiling of $112 per barrel and a floor of 90. Additionally, we have taken advantage of the improved outlook in Canadian heavy oil pricing to add regional basis swaps. For the remainder of the year, we have 35,000 barrels per day swapped at a discount to WTI of $22 per barrel. The recent rise in natural gas prices has also provided us the opportunity to add to our natural gas hedge position. For the remaining three quarters of 2013, we have protected 1.7 billion cubic feet per day, representing approximately 75% of our expected natural gas production. Of this total, roughly one BCF per day is swapped at a weighted average price of $4.09. Of the remaining 700 million cubic feet per day utilizes costless callers, with a weighted average ceiling of $4.19 and a floor of $3.55. For 2014, we now have 900 million cubic feet per day hedged with a weighted average floor price of $4.34. For more details on our hedging position, please visit the guidance section of our website that Vince referenced earlier. Now, turning briefly to our midstream business, our marketing and midstream operations generated $125 million of operating profit in the first quarter, enhancing our company-wide margins by more than $2 per BOE. Improved natural gas prices and strong cost management helped us exceed the high end of our implied guidance range and increased operating profit by 12% compared to the first quarter of last year. With a more favorable gas price outlook for the rest of the year, we are well positioned to achieve our full-year forecast of 425 to 475 million midstream operating profit. Now looking at expenses, in the first quarter, we continued to do a good job controlling costs. Costs in several categories were lower than guidance, most notably, LOE and G&A. In aggregate, our total pre-tax cash costs were $14.54 per BOE. Or about 4% lower than last quarter. This result is especially impressive given our focus on higher margin oil production, which is generally more expensive to produce. Having achieved significant scale in our core operating areas, coupled with our consistent focus on cost management, we are positioned with one of the better cost structures in the industry. So moving to the bottom line, our non-GAAP earnings were $0.66 per share, exceeding Wall Street expectations by 20%. This level of earnings translated into cash flow before balance sheet changes of $1.2 billion or $2.85 per share, also exceeding the street’s expectations. We exited March with cash and short-term investments of $6.5 billion and a net debt to adjusted cap ratio of 22%. Of this $6.5 billion of cash, about 6.1 billion continues to reside in foreign subsidiaries. As we have previously discussed, we’re able to move the foreign cash to Canada without incurring additional taxes. In fact, by mid-year, we will have moved approximately $500 million to Canada to help fund ongoing activity. Conversely, moving the foreign cash to the US can result in additional taxes, depending upon our tax position at the time. However, based on our recent activity levels and evolving tax attributes, it appears the tax NOLs, in conjunction with our foreign tax credits, can be used to offset taxes due to the repatriation of our foreign cash back to the US. As a result, we will be moving approximately $2 billion of our foreign cash back to the US with minimal additional taxes. As we move through the year and get additional clarity on our future tax position, we believe there may be the potential to bring back another sizeable amount of cash to the US later this year or in 2014 on a tax-efficient basis. Once this cash becomes available to use within the US, our first action would be to immediately repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Beyond that, we will allocate capital as we always have by assessing the relative attractiveness of E&P expenditures versus share repurchases and debt repayments, in an effort to optimize growth and cash flow per share adjusted for debt. So with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Vince for Q&A. Vince.
John Richels: Thanks, Jeff. As a reminder, during the question-and-answer session, we’ll ask each participant to limit their question to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. And, with that, Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning, everybody. Hopefully two – two quick ones. Jeff, on the repatriation of the cash, could you just help us why you don’t have a little more conviction in going directly to share buybacks with the cash given what your share price is? And I’ve got a follow-up.
Jeff Agosta: Well, the immediate thing to do is to repay our commercial paper, we’ve got a large amount of that, over $3 billion of commercial paper. We’ll assess the viability of a share buyback in due course, like we normally do.
John Richels: Doug, it’s John. Let me add one thing. One of the points we’ve been trying to make for some time is we haven’t constrained the types of things we thought were proper allocations of capital just by where the cash resided and you’re very familiar with this, not everyone on the call is quite as familiar so let me take two seconds just to kind of go back to the history because you recall what we did is we got a little over $10 billion for the sale of our offshore assets. That was about 7.9 or $8 billion after tax. First thing we did is we returned 40% of it or a little over 40%, almost 50% to our shareholders through a share buyback and since that time have been investing the remaining funds into this transition of our – our portfolio to higher oil-based properties. So, and light oil properties. So it’s not like we haven’t been allocating that and it’s just been sitting there. I think that’s an important thing to realize. And we really haven’t been constrained in our ability to allocate that capital given the fact that there has been no negative carry between borrowings in the US and the amount that we’ve been earning on those funds offshore just because of the low-interest rate environment so I just thought I’d throw that clarification out there.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that, I guess, John, in light of your efforts you’ve given your acknowledgment of where the share price is relative to where you think it should be I’m just a little surprised you’re not getting more aggressive on the opportunity to buy back your stock the these levels, I guess that’s all I’m saying.
John Richels: Well, one other thing there, Doug, is that, you know, we have – we’ve been moving down the road here on these light oil projects that we think are very – give us very, very good rates of return. And it’s early days for some of these projects. And it’s very hard to kind of move around, you know, stop pursuing that program and move to a share repurchase and back and forth so we have some large oil opportunities in this company that’s going to require significant levels of capital expenditure over the next while. So we’ll continue to look at that and, as you know, I don’t think we’ve been shy about that at all and we’ve bought back more stock than anybody in our peer group and so we’ll continue to look at it very carefully.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. My follow-up is for David, I expect it’s for David. David, the oil rates coming out of the Mississippian line, can you just give us a little bit more help as to where you see the tight curves now in those areas particularly as you move north into the Vitruvian acreage because 600,000 barrels of oil sounds like it’s even better than some of the established players in that area and production rates would be helpful, thanks.
Dave Hager: Yeah, Doug. We’re not going to get into too much specifics on where we’re getting what rates, for competitive reasons, we’ve invested a lot of money and effort into 3-D seismic which we think has given us a competitive edge and so for competitive reasons I’m not going to discuss too much about this, but in general, we are staying with our tight curves that we have established before, we are seeing, though, obviously, some wells that are significantly above our tight curve that I highlighted in my section of the call. This that we think is directly attributable to the 3-D seismic and the additional science we’re doing in the area. We are still saying that overall that over the life of the well, that about 40% of the production will be oil, about 20% NGLs and the remaining natural gas. Now, early on you get a much higher percentage of the production, that is oil, and it tends to become more gassy through time. But, of course that’s a good thing because it means you get your value back more quickly.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I’ll let someone else jump on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Mead with Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
Charles Mead – Johnson Rice: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. With regards to the tax-free repatriation, I’m curious, is this – has there been some movement on the regulatory front, or is this more a function of sharpening your pencil and getting creative with legal structures? And when you talk about the possibility of repatriating the additional 4 billion in a tax-efficient manner, I’m curious, does that mean 0% or does that mean, you know, below some threshold of, you know, X percent?
Jeff Agosta: Charles, this is Jeff. Just to clarify when we talk about the first 2 billion being moved back we didn’t say tax-free, it’s with minimal additional taxes. You know, think in terms of mid single digits percentages of cash taxes.
Charles Mead – Johnson Rice: Got it.
Jeff Agosta: And it is – Devon fact-specific. There were no regulatory changes and there are no clever legal structures being utilized. As to any amounts that we would repatriate in the future, of course, we would want to make sure that it was a tax-efficient repatriation. So it would – it’s not likely to be the full 4 billion but it could be another sizeable amount, similar to what we’re doing currently. But that is, again, going to be Devon fact-specific and it’s going to depend on our future tax profile.
Charles Mead – Johnson Rice: Got it, thank you, Jeff, and if that counts as one question, I’d like one follow-up, if I could with Dave. Dave, I was wondering if you could give a little more detail on the horizontal Wolfcamp wells that you drilled along the lines of the length of the laterals, where in the zone that you are – that you’re landing those and if you could, offer a comparison with what you’re doing in the Delaware basin with Bone Springs in Delaware both in terms of how mature the plays are and where you think they might sort out on attractiveness.
Dave Hager: Well, they’re both very attractive plays to start with. They both have strong rates of return, whether you’re talking about the Delaware or the horizontal Wolfcamp play. We have been targeting our wells in the horizontal Wolfcamp play to be on the order of 7500-foot to 8,000-foot lateral length, we think that’s important for the overall economics. We also have been landing zones – it depends a little bit geographically where you’re talking about here but we – we land more in the lower Wolfcamp but we also land some in the middle Wolfcamp as well, when we land in the lower Wolfcamp we think we’re actually communicating up to the middle Wolfcamp in many cases anyway, so but we found that to be the best and I think we’re the first company, frankly, to start landing wells in the lower Wolfcamp and led the way on that, so another example of Devon taking the lead on it. We just have – we’re now characterizing the Wolfcamp as a development play. We have enough wells out there with a lot of repeatability of results that we’re very confident that we have, we set 800 locations in the Wolfcamp and we have 1300 locations between the Bone Springs and the Delaware, so right there over 2,000 location so that’s what underpins our growth and I can characterize them as essentially in the development mode at this point.
Charles Mead – Johnson Rice: Great. Thank you for the added detail, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Jeff, I was wondering if we could go over the guidance real quick. I was a little bit surprised that, you know, you guided the 670 to 690 given some of the comments in the call script. You did 687 this quarter, you guys talked about 15% of growth in the Permian on the oil side which would put you, you know, at 693 plus some, you know, momentum in the Cana as well as the Mississippian so I was just wondering if you could maybe elaborate on what some of the minuses could be as you go into Q2.
Jeff Agosta: Sure I’ll take a stab at it and let others jump in as well. It’s mostly the gas decline that causes the BOEs. I think if you look at it on a barrel of oil equivalent basis just because we’re coming off such a high percentage gas production on a BOE basis and the decline in natural gas, also the NGLs are going to be muted growth in the second quarter just due to the timing of tie-in of new well pads.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Jeff Agosta: I don’t know, Dave.
John Richels: That’s exactly right. Let me take the opportunity to answer a question you didn’t ask. Some people have been saying, well, your Permian growth has been fairly flat the last couple quarters, what about your – you’re projecting 40% over the year and we are – the answer there is pad drilling. We have for instance right now about 20 wells and we’ve been bringing on or currently bringing online within the Permian and so we’re going to be significantly ramping up our production in the second, third and fourth quarter. You saw in the quarter we drilled 19 wells, only completed four, so we’re working our way through that backlog right now, and that’s what’s going to really drive the Permian oil growth. We’ve reviewed it and we’re very confident on that growth throughout the year.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s helpful. John, I just wanted to see if you could, you know, talk about – you mentioned you’re going through the evaluation of the midstream process today. Understanding you can’t get into too many of the details I was wondering at a high-level you’re talking about some of the pros and cons and what will drive the ultimate decisions on whether to move forward or not.
John Richels: You know, we’ve got to be very careful about what we’re saying. We’ve pretty much been wood-shredded by our securities lawyers on – on this. But some of the things that we’re going through, and we’ve talked about this openly, is – is, you know, when you first look at it on the back of a piece of paper, it looks – these things – you develop a certain outlook for it and then you’ve got to get a lot of details. And some of them are specific. We’ve got to get through all of our contracts and how they’re going to work under – if we went to an MLP and some of the operational complexities, the tax complexities and that type of thing so we’re just kind of working our way through that and I hate to hold you off on that, but we really think we will have had the opportunity to do some really detailed work as we need to with a transaction of this size and be able to come out with a – with a final goal or – go or no-go decision here by the end of the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough. Thanks a lot
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Bob Brackett – Bernstein Research: Yeah, I had a question on the Barnett you talked about potentially as gas price rises you can see more incremental activity there. How long would it take you to get a supply response if you put a rig back in the Barnett next month?
John Richels: Well, if we start drilling in the Barnett we are essentially pad drilling in there, so it’s on the order of four to six months, really, before you complete the pads, all the drilling, complete all the completions on them before you even bring those wells on production and, of course, it’s important to remember we’re dealing with a very large base production in the Barnett right now of 1.4 BCF equivalent per day. So one of the things we’re really focused on is optimizing that base production because – and that’s where I was highlighting during my comments of how we think we’re doing a good job of maximizing that base production. So that’s really frankly just as important at this point as putting more rigs back to work.
Bob Brackett – Bernstein Research: Okay. And the follow-up, do you guys have an internal view of where your share price should be?
Vince White: This is Vince. We do have an internal view and I would say that we generally believe that it’s the market’s place to set our stock price based on our performance ands and we’ve been told by a lot of participants in the market that we aren’t getting the value of the underlying assets reflected in our current share price.
Bob Brackett – Bernstein Research: And so if you have an extra $100 million to invest, do you look at basically what MPV you’d create with a drill bit versus what MPV you’d create in buying back shares, is that the logic of that thought process?
Vince White: We do model that out over time. This goes back to what John was saying earlier. We look at the expected returns or impact on cash flow per net adjusted share from incremental on the property base versus the impact of buying shares. And while as John said we can’t really zig and zag a lot, we strapped on some large acreage positions in light oil plays, we’re having some pretty good early success in those plays and as we move forward in those they’re likely going to afford us the opportunity to invest large amounts of capital at high rates of return. So if they play out the way that we believe they will, this produces the optimum outcome.
Bob Brackett – Bernstein Research: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Kistler with Simmons & Company. Your line is open.
Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Morning, guys.
John Richels: Morning, David.
Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Real quickly, when you talk about the Permian and the amount of capital that it can absorb over time you have done a JV and a portion of it, is something like a JV still on the table and would that potentially be why maybe production guidance remained the same for the balance of ‘13 even though Q1 dramatically outperformed and Q2 looks positioned well plus you are going to work through drilled uncompleted wells, pad drilling kicking in, in the second half, Barnett flattish, just trying to understand exactly what’s happening with guidance and then the propensity for a JV.
John Richels: Well, you know, Dave, we tend to – you know, the previous joint ventures that we did, we tended more to earlier exploration plays earlier phase plays and the reason for that is because in addition to the – just the uplift you get on an – from an economic point of view, you’re also bringing someone in at an early stage to help to defray some of the risk or help to mitigate some of these risk and you don’t always know how some of these things are working. When you get to a play that’s more in the development stage, whether it’s the Permian or some of the other plays, at that time it becomes much more just a financing technique. And the financing from a joint venture is quite a bit more expensive than our cost of capital. And so, you know, we haven’t – we’ve done it from an operational perspective in the past, not as a method of financing our operations because it is a more expensive way to finance those operations. So I’m not sure that these plays that are in the development stage are the right ones or at least we haven’t – we haven’t pursued that in the past.
Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Okay, appreciate that clarification and then maybe a little bit more specifically looking at the Powder River basin results, can you talk about length of laterals, design of the wells, et cetera, I mean obviously the results from those wells in the four-rig program are pretty darned impressive.
Dave Hager: You’re right David, this is David, the results were impressive and have really given us renewed confidence that we can have a lower risk development opportunity with a lot of locations out there. The well design, I don’t have the specifics on them, but we’re typically drilling those around 4500, 5,000-foot laterals, pretty typical for the – for the area. And so there’s nothing particularly unique, I would say, about the drilling and the completion side. What we’ve really been able to do is just high grade the acreage significantly where from a geological standpoint where each of these plays work, and that’s the key to it so we’ve done a lot of detailed technical work to figure that out and over the course of the past year or two and now we’re starting to see the results of it.
Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Great, well, I appreciate the clarification, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning.
John Richels: Good morning, Brian.
Jeff Agosta: Good morning.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: In the Permian Basin in the Cline field specifically how far east have you now pushed your drilling and you mentioned there’s a decent volatility partly because of a lack of seismic, but how do your well results compare as you go east versus what you and the industry have seen from the wells to the – to the west?
John Richels: Well, we’ve drilled wells throughout our acreage position. We started off more to the southwest in sterling county, we have pushed further to the north, as far up as fisher county, as well as Noland county, so we’re testing some throughout the acreage position. But keep in mind, though, we’re testing a very, very large area, it’s about 80 by 100 miles so even though you may have a well throughout that acreage position. If you don’t have the benefit of 3-D, that doesn’t mean you’ve necessarily landed the well and drilling horizontally in the optimum position so just having one or two wells across an entire acreage position doesn’t really confirm or condemn an area. You need to get a lot more – and we’re seeing – we’re seeing it in the miss where the 3-Ds are important and the miss –and we think the s-D is going to be important in the Cline as well. In General, our well results have been little bit better to the southwest side so far, but it’s early on and that can change as we get more technical data and more well results.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. And my follow-up is with regards to asset sales and CapEx trajectory if we look at your cash flow statement CapEx for the quarter it was very similar to the last couple of quarters. Can you refresh us on CapEx trajectory through the remainder of year and how acreage acquisitions are trending so far versus what’s baked into your guidance.
Jeff Agosta: There’s about $2 million, Brian, baked into our guidance for acreage, and I would say that hasn’t really changed dramatically and we’re on track and I would say our CapEx this next quarter is going to be down a bit from – on the E and P side by about $200 million and it should trend down quarter by quarter as we go throughout the year to be at the midpoint of our guidance range.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Jeff Agosta: You bet, Brian.
John Richels: We’ve got time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Hi, glad I made it in. Couple questions. The cash repatriation, I’m sorry, the shields on those, the tax shields, are those the same instruments you’d be using if you did hypothetically an MLP or asset sale or something along those lines. Is that like the same tax shield?
Jeff Agosta: If we did a large, a very large US-based asset sale then yes. As far as the MLP, it’s – it wouldn’t have much of an impact on that.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: OK, thanks, that’s helpful.
Jeff Agosta: You bet.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: And then secondly, on the acquisition – everyone talks about– Can you talk about your outlook for acquisitions, I know that’s been a constant theme floating on the markets for – for a while. Can you tell us, refresh us where you’re at on that?
John Richels: Well, Dave, on acquisitions, as you know, we – we – we’ve been pretty active over the years, may be an understatement, I guess, but we certainly haven’t been out there for the last while – you know, really acquisitions look pretty expensive over the last few years, when you take a look at acquisitions in any of the areas that we might want to be in. I would say that our view right now, and this is not a scientific analysis, but it’s an intuitive analysis, is that we’re moving into a time when there’s more products on the market and it’s more of a buyer’s market if I can call it than sellers’ market that we’ve been going through the last few years. We continue – we always look at things and any decision we’re going to make, though, in that regard, again, is going to be a decision on what the impact is on debt adjusted cash flow per share as opposed to investing in a large asset base, buying back our stock and doing the other things. But, you know, I think there’s – I think that we’re moving into a little different market than we’ve been in for the last while.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: I would agree with that. Thanks, John, thanks for the caller.
John Richels: Thank you, folks, we appreciate your joining us today. And as Vince said for those who didn’t get your questions in, our Investor Relations folks will be available all day. We’re continuing – we’re excited about the execution of our business plan. We’re moving in a direction of continuing our strong oil production growth, got great visibility of our long-term oil and liquids growth profile, and we continue to provide our shareholders with a very high margin of oil growth with significant option value on improved natural gas prices and improving Canadian heavy oil price differentials. So we will look forward to talking with you again at the next call and thanks very much for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Darryl Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing, Midstream and Supply Chain
Analysts:  David Kistler - Simmons & Company Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs David Tameron – Wells Fargo John Herrlin – Societe Generale 
Operator:
Vincent White:
John Richels: Thank you, Vince. Good morning everyone. 2012 was a year of achievement and challenges for Devon. While weak price realizations definitely hurt our financial results for the year, we continued to make significant progress towards the conversion of our portfolio to higher margin oil production.We drove 2012 oil production up 20%, more than offsetting declines in natural gas. In fact, production from our North American asset base climbed to an all-time record of 250 million oil equivalent barrels. This production growth was led by year over year Permian Basin oil production growth of 31%.With the aggressive transition of our product mix, liquids production has now reached nearly 40% of our total volumes at yearend. We have also significantly increased our development inventory in the Permian through our successful Bone Spring and Delaware programs. Over the past year, our risk resource from these two plays has more than doubled.In 2012 we also successfully entered into two exploration based joint ventures that are delivering nearly $4 billion in value to the company. This included $1.3 billion in upfront cash payments, along with $2.6 billion of future drilling carries that will fund 70% of Devon’s drilling costs in our new venture plays over the next couple of years.While the upfront cash payments alone more than compensated us for our acreage and early exploration costs, these transactions also significantly improved the capital efficiency of our go-forward programs.Our exploration work on the joint venture assets is delivering very promising results in the Mississippian play in Oklahoma, the WolfCamp and Cline Shale in the Permian Basin and in various oil plays in the Rockies. In aggregate, Devon has exposure to over 1 million net acres in these plays.On the liquidity front, our balance sheet remains in terrific shape and continues to be one of the strongest in the peer group. At December 31, we had $7 billion of cash and short term investments and a net debt to cap ratio of only 18%. This position of strength helps us comfortably fund our transition through an oilier production mix.And finally, with the 2012 capital program weighted towards oil projects, we had strong growth in oil reserves. Our oil reserve additions reached almost 260% of 2012 oil production. Dave will provide more details on the results of our 2012 capital program later on in the call.Looking now to this year’s activity, given the pricing environment we’re facing in 2013, our capital program is designed to enhance capital efficiency by concentrating spending in core development regions and derisking our joint venture acreage while significantly reducing investments related to acreage capture. We expect our E&P capital expenditures in 2013 to decline by more than 25% to a range of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion. This includes $200 million for routine leasehold acquisitions, which is roughly $1 billion less than the spend rate in 2012. 
David Hager:
Miss:
Jeffrey Agosta:
Vincent White:
Operator:
David Kistler - Simmons & Company:
Jeffrey Agosta:
John Richels:
David Kistler - Simmons & Company:
David Hager:
Operator:
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
John Richels:
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Jeff Agosta:
John Richels:
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
David Hager:
Operator:
Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research:
John Richels:
Operator:
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:
John Richels:
David Hager:
John Richels:
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:
David Hager:
Operator:
David Tameron – Wells Fargo:
John Richels:
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
John Richels: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
David Hager: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
David Tameron – Wells Fargo: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
David Hager: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
Vincent White: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
Operator: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
John Richels: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
John Herrlin – Societe Generale: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
John Richels: Sure John. First off, we have ramped up our activity significantly in 2013 over 2012, and of course '12 was up significantly over '11. So we have been increasing a lot. We're going to spend about $1.5 billion there amongst four different plays really, the Bone Springs and Delaware, lumping them into one. Wolfcamp, Cline Shale, second, Wolfberry, and then up on the Central Basin platform. There's different ways to rank them, John, I guess you'd say, if you look at current economics I'd say the Bone Springs and Delaware probably rank at the top of the list. If you look at total resource potential then certainly the Cline Shale and the Wolfcamp Shale would rank at the top of the list. And as we really drive the economic value as we move forward in the Cline Shale, it could be very, very significant.Now, can we do more in the future than we're doing right now, I think we are continually looking at ways to increase our activity even further, because these are very strong economics. There are infrastructure limitations as far as gas takeaway capacity and you can't – you can’t take the gas away. So if we can't take the gas oil, you have limits on your oil production there, you have that issue. We have internal constraints for manpower, there is getting the permits from the state and the feds. So that's a process. We're addressing all of those issues currently and we're looking at ways to increase even further. There's also just the pace of geologic maturity of the prospects also and we can't get too risky out there on that side. But we're working on all that, John, because we recognize that these are strong economics and we have a premier position in the industry out here.
Vincent White: All right. Operator, I'm showing the top of the hour so we'll end today's call. As usual, we'll be around the rest of the day to take any questions that didn't make it into the call today. Thank you for your participation.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent W. White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David A. Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey A. Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing, Midstream and Supply Chain
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to today's third quarter 2012 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. After I make a few preliminary comments, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. He will provide the overview of the third quarter and his thoughts on the upcoming quarter and year ahead; then Dave Hager, the Head of Exploration and Production, will provide the operations update; and following that, our CFO, Jeff Agosta, will finish up with a review of our financial results and an updated outlook. After Jeff's discussion, we'll have a Q&A session. Our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols; as well as Darryl Smette, the Head of Marketing, Midstream and Supply Chain, are both with us today to help out in the Q&A. And as usual, we'll keep the call to about an hour. A replay of this call will be available later today on our website. During the call today, we're going to provide an update of some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results that we've seen over the first 9 months of the year and our revised outlook for the fourth quarter. In addition to these updates, we will file an 8-K later today containing the details of the updated fourth quarter estimates. To access this guidance, you can just click on the guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and future estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always try to give you the very best information possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. You can find a discussion of risk factors related to our estimates in our Form 10-K. Also, in today's call, we'll refer to certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide related disclosures which are available on Devon's website. During the third quarter, we recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of $1.1 billion or about $700 million after-tax. This charge resulted primarily from the lower natural gas prices over the last 12 months. And under full cost accounting rules, the carrying cost of our oil and gas properties is subject to a quarterly ceiling test. I just want to clarify that this write-down was simply an accounting exercise and is not reflective of the fair value of our assets. It does not relate to any specific reserves. It also has no impact on our cash flow or cash balances nor our credit agreements. It's worth noting that this charge is not unique to Devon. Beginning last quarter, that is the second quarter of 2012 and extending into the third quarter, several companies in our peer group have taken impairment charges. With that out of the way, I'll turn the call over to John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. First of all, the organic conversion of our asset portfolio to a higher oil waiting remains on track as evidenced by our continued growth in oil production. We continue to invest the majority of our capital in high-margin North American oil projects. Over time, these high rate of return projects, combined with the greater capital efficiency that's provided by our joint venture structures, should result in superior growth of cash flow per share adjusted for debt. Devon's third quarter performance reflects our continuing progress towards this goal, so let me give you a few highlights of the quarter. Driven by better-than-expected price realizations and low overall unit cost, adjusted earnings per share and cash flow per share for the quarter came in well above the mean Street estimates. Company-wide oil production increased 14% over the third quarter of 2011, and this was achieved in spite of scheduled plant maintenance at our Jackfish 1 Oil Sands project. Jackfish 1 maintenance reduced third quarter oil production by about 10,000 barrels per day. Without the impact of the Jackfish turnaround, oil production would have increased more than 20% over the year ago quarter. Our U.S. oil production, which is our highest margin product, grew 26% in the third quarter, and that was driven largely by our success in the Permian Basin. With the expansion of our Gulf Coast Fractionators facility now complete, our midstream business resumed full operations in the third quarter, and our marketing midstream operating profit reached $109 million, and that's right at the top end of our guidance range. Devon also delivered strong performance from a cost containment perspective. Third quarter 2012 pretax cash cost per BOE declined 2% from the second quarter, and our recent decision to close our Houston office and consolidate those operations into our Oklahoma City headquarters will result in additional savings beginning in 2013. In September, we closed our $1.4 billion joint venture arrangement with Sumitomo in the Midland Basin, Wolfcamp and Cline Shale plays. With the closing of this transaction, Devon has now successfully closed 2 exploration joint ventures during 2012 with a total value approaching $4 billion. We generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow in the third quarter. And when combined with the upfront proceeds from our Sumitomo joint venture and other minor asset sales, total cash inflows reached about $1.9 billion. On the liquidity front, we exited the month of September with $7.5 billion of cash and short-term investments and a net debt-to-cap ratio of 15%, thereby continuing to maintain one of the strongest balance sheets in the peer group. And lastly, with the recent rise in natural gas prices, we have meaningfully added to our 2013 natural gas hedge position. In the third quarter, we did, however, have some setbacks. Our third quarter top line production came in at 678,000 BOE per day or about 1% below the midpoint of our guidance. The shortfall was driven by 2 key factors: First, we had lower volumes from our liquids-rich gas projects than in our initial plan; and second, the ramp-up of production at our Jackfish 2 project has been slower than expected. Dave and Jeff will cover both of these items in more detail later in the call. Looking ahead to 2013, we are currently in the process of working through our capital budgeting process. Directionally speaking, we expect next year's E&P capital spend to be significantly less than 2012, driven by a sharp reduction in spending on leasehold capture and exploration. Even with this reduced level of spending, we expect to maintain an oil-focused drilling program with activity levels similar to those of 2012. We expect to see significantly higher drill-bit activity on our joint venture projects. You'll recall there our partners will fund roughly 80% of total well costs. And in 2013, we will continue to aggressively pursue our Permian Basin opportunities. We'll move our oil sands developments forward in Canada, and we will accelerate activity in our emerging Mississippi line play. As we've done in the past, we will finalize our 2013 budget in the coming months and provide detailed guidance during our fourth quarter call and through a subsequent 8-K filing. As we sort through various alternatives for capital deployment, we remain unwavering in our commitment to our top strategic objective, that is, to maintain -- to maximize growth in cash flow per share adjusted per debt. We're confident that the disciplined pursuit of this objective will allow us to deliver significant value as we move forward. In addition, we believe the long-term growth potential of Devon's oil projects, both light sweet crude in the U.S. and heavy oil in Canada, married with an option on natural gas provided by our world-class gas resource plays, differentiates us from the other companies in our sector. So at this point, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager. Dave?
David A. Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to the highlights of the quarter, I'll begin with a quick recap of 2012 capital expenditures for our exploration and development activities. E&P spending was $1.7 billion for the third quarter, bringing E&P capital through the first 9 months to $5.3 billion. We expect fourth quarter expenditures for exploration and development to be approximately $1.7 billion, pushing us outside the top end of our full year guidance range by roughly $400 million. Roughly half of this increase is a result of capturing more acreage than previously budgeted in Permian, Mississippian and other oil-focused plays. The balance is related to accelerated activity to evaluate and build out infrastructure on our Mississippian acreages outside of the Sinopec JV. Of course, the $1.3 billion in cash that we've received this year as a result of the JV is not netted against capital expenditures for reporting purposes. Moving now to area-by-area highlights, starting in the Permian, our Permian production averaged a record 65,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, up 30% over the third quarter of 2011. Looking specifically at our Permian oil production, it grew by 35% over the same period, with light oil now accounting for nearly 60% of our total Permian volumes. We continue to be very active in the basin with 20 operated rigs focused on drilling higher return oil opportunities. Our Bone Spring horizontal program in New Mexico continues to yield excellent results. We have 6 rigs currently running in the play. In the third quarter, we brought 18 Bone Spring wells online, with average 30-day IP rates of 565 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 80% of which is light oil. We've been very active in the Bone Springs over the past couple of years drilling more than 130 wells, including some 90 wells this year. However, in spite of this high level of activity, we have not burned through our drilling inventory. Through our ongoing geological evaluation, we have been successfully regenerating our opportunities. We have identified 300 remaining risked Bone Springs locations in the second and third Bone Springs formations. In addition, we are currently testing the first Bone Spring potential on a portion of our New Mexico acreage, and the early results were encouraging. If successful, this could add material to our existing multiyear drilling inventory. Also in the Permian, we continue to have very good results from our 2 rig program targeting the Delaware oil formation. We brought 7 wells online during the third quarter, with an average 30-day IP rate of just over 600 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Roughly 80% of this production stream from these wells are also light oil. To date, we have identified approximately 200 additional risk locations in the Delaware, and we are optimistic that with additional geological work, we can expand our drilling inventory here as well. In the Wolfcamp Shale in the southern Midland Basin, we brought 5 Wolfcamp horizontal wells online in the third quarter. These wells had average 30-day IP rates of 556 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which, over 80% is liquids and almost 60% is light oil. These IPs are right in line with our type well profile for this play. Our productions from the Wolfcamp Shale has almost quadrupled since the beginning of the year. And we're continuing to drive down well cost in this play and expect our next few wells to be in the $6.5 million range. The continued improvements we're seeing from both a productivity and cost perspective give us confidence we can achieve consistent economic results in the play. We have almost 100,000 net acres perspective for the Wolfcamp and the Sumitomo JV. In the Cline Shale area on the Eastern flank of the Midland basin, we have been steadily ramping up drilling activity. I'll remind you that this acreage is prospective for the Wolfcamp and the Mississippian formations in addition to the Cline Shale. We had 3 operated rigs running at the end of the third quarter and just last week, added a fourth rig. We tied in our second Cline horizontal well during the third quarter and saw encouraging results. The Virginia City Cole C 1H located in Sterling County has had a 30-day IP rate of 450 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our third Cline horizontal well is just starting to flow back, and we have 5 additional wells in various stages of completion, including one well targeting the Mississippian formation. Consequently, we should have a lot more detail for you in the next quarter. The 556,000 net acres in this area within the Sumitomo joint venture represents thousands of risk locations. Shifting now to our thermal oil projects in North Eastern Alberta. Third quarter aggregate production from our 2 Jackfish projects averaged 44,300 barrels of oil per day, net of royalties, in the third quarter. As we indicated in our last quarter call, Jackfish 1 was taken down for 3 weeks during the third quarter for scheduled maintenance. Plant operations were restored on September 11. However, it takes a few weeks to fully restore the steam chambers and ramp production back up. Accordingly, fourth quarter production at Jackfish 1 is expected to average about 23,000 barrels per day, net of royalties. Looking ahead to 2013, we now expect to reach payout at Jackfish 1 at some point in the first quarter. The operational success of the project combined with high oil prices have resulted in a fairly short time to payout. With the WTI price in the mid- to upper-80s, we'd expect our post payout royalty at Jackfish 1 to be between 20% and 25% versus our current 5% to 6% pre-payout rate. In spite of the significant step-up in the royalty rate, we expect Jackfish 1 production to average between 25,000 and 27,000 barrels per day in 2013, net of royalties. At Jackfish 2, third quarter production increased 7% over the second quarter, averaging 19,800 barrels per day, net of royalties. However, it has now become apparent that the maturation of steam chambers on a couple of our initial well pads is progressing at a slower rate than originally expected. This is a result of some localized interbedded shales and sill stones delaying the development of steam chambers. Although these obstacles have slowed steam chamber development, the chambers will eventually develop, enabling the reserves to be fully recovered. However, in order to accelerate production and utilization of our plant, we are currently drilling the first of 2 additional well pads and expect to begin steaming the first pad late next year. Until then, we'd expect our production from Jackfish 2 to average between 20,000 and 25,000 barrels per day, net of royalties, except during the routine plant scheduled -- routine plant turnaround scheduled for 2013. It's important to understand that even among the highest oil quality oil sands reservoirs like we have on our Jackfish and Pike acreage, it is not uncommon to see some variability within the reservoir. We encountered similar variability at Jackfish 1, but the strength of our earliest wells offset the potential timing issues that can result from reservoir variability. In hindsight, additional wells at the outset of our Jackfish 2 project would have bridged the timing gap and ensure full utilization of plant capacity within the expected time frame. The delayed ramp-up should impact the total project rate of return of Jackfish 2 by a little less than 3%, with a project return based on current prices of roughly 20%. We will incorporate this lesson into the Jackfish 3 and Pike projects. The cost of adding a couple of spare well pads on this project at start-up is a relatively minor capital acceleration in the scope of the overall project and can help ensure that normal variations in well pad performance do not have the potential to significantly impact production ramp-up. Jackfish 3 construction continues to progress well, with a project approximately 45% completed at the end of the third quarter, putting us on track for a start-up around year-end 2014. At Pike, we continue to work with our partner on the evaluation of construction execution strategies with the goal of providing greater cost and schedule uncertainty. Given the pressure on labor in the region, we are currently exploring a more modularized approach in use of Jackfish. This would allow more of the labor to be done in a manufacturing facilities rather than the field and should show -- should result in significant efficiencies. We expect to finalize our development plan by the middle of next year. We plan to drill 35 stratigraphic wells and shoot approximately 55 square miles of seismic during the 2012, 2013 winter season. With the majority of the Pike 1 resource already identified, the data obtained from this year's winter drilling program will substantially complete the evaluation of the first phase of development for Pike. Engineering work is ongoing, and we hope to obtain regulatory approval by the end of 2013. As a reminder, the Pike 1 development project will have gross production capacity of 105 barrels of oil per day, and Devon operates Pike with a 50% working interest. Moving now to the Cana Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma. We brought 25 operated wells online in the third quarter at Cana, with average 30-day IP rates of 6.5 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 483 barrels of liquids per day. These wells have average EURs of 9.3 billion cubic feet equivalent, making them some of the best wells ever drilled at Cana. These wells are much stronger than the tight curve we presented at our Analyst Day last April, which called for an IP of 4.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day and EURs of 8.3 Bcf equivalent. In contrast, the Cana wells we drilled during the second half of last year have underperformed our expectations. Because we are in a regional drought, we use smaller fracs to reduce water consumption. Industry data at that time suggested that we would not sacrifice much in a way of rates or recoveries. However, as we have brought these wells on and observed their performance through the first 3 quarters of this year, we were seeing that the smaller fracs significantly impacted well performance. We now believe the wells drilled in the second half of 2011 have EURs that are only about half of the Cana core type curve. In early 2012, we added surface water facilities that secured plenty of water for our Cana completion operations, mitigating the impact of the drought. This allowed us to return to our previous stimulation program. And while Devon's third quarter 2012 production from Cana increased 42% over the third quarter of 2011, our volumes at Cana are currently running about 8,700 barrels equivalent per day below our previous expectations, attributable to the performance of the wells drilled in the last half of 2011 and to some variation from plan and the timing of bringing on well pads. Even though it is short of our original forecast, we still expect sequential growth in the fourth quarter Cana production of more than 10%. We began the third quarter with 15 operated rigs at Cana. After initially moving 3 rigs to the Mississippian oil play in Oklahoma earlier in the third quarter, we later made the decision to move 5 additional rigs to the Miss and ended the quarter with 7 rigs at Cana. The Cana rigs were a logical choice for redeployment in the Miss because of close geographic proximity of the 2 plays makes for a relatively easy and inexpensive move. However, given the strong performance of the 2012 drilling program, it is likely we'll add additional rigs to Cana in 2013. Shifting to the Barnett Shale in North Texas in the third quarter, we had 10 operated rigs running in the liquids-rich core and the oil window. We tied in 67 wells, driving our average third quarter net production to 1.4 Bcf equivalent per day, up 8% from the year ago quarter. Moving west to the Texas Panhandle and the Granite Wash area, we continue to see solid results. We brought 7 operated wells online during the third quarter. To date, our drilling is focused primarily on the Granite Wash A and B sands and the Cherokee. However, in the third quarter, we drilled our first operated well in the Hogshooter formation with excellent results. The Brown 8-7H located in Wheeler County had a 30-day average IP rate of nearly 2,200 BOE per day, including 1,688 barrels of light oil and 170 barrels of NGLs. Subsequent to quarter end, we tied in our second Hogshooter well. The Lott, 3-2H has been online for just 14 days and has averaged 4,400 BOE per day, including 3,200 barrels of oil per day. We currently have 2 additional Hogshooter wells in various stages of drilling and completion. Further geoscience work and drilling is needed to fully assess our potential, but our preliminary work suggest up to 100 additional locations. With this kind of productivity and a drilling complete cost of roughly $8 million, the returns on these wells are very strong. We plan to move a fourth rig to the Granite Wash later this year. Our Granite Wash production has grown from about 6,700 BOE per day in the first quarter of 2010 to 18,500 BOE per day in the third quarter this year. With the impact of our Hogshooter program, we would expect further volume growth going forward. On the exploration front, we continue to see encouraging results in the Ferrier corridor of Alberta where Devon has roughly 240,000 net acres perspective for Cardium oil, the liquids-rich glauconite and other lower Cretaceous zones. Given the strong economics from the more than 24 horizontal wells we drilled to date, we are currently evaluating a potential development plan that would include the construction of a gas processing facility. We expect to make a decision as a part of our 2013 capital budgeting process, and we'll keep you updated as we move forward. In the U.S., we continue to move forward with the evaluation of a number of exploration plays, including those within the Sinopec JV. As we began to gain clarity on which of these plays will effectively compete for capital within our portfolio, we will determine how to monetize the positions we don't plan to pursue. Keep in mind that JV has allowed Devon to look at these plays with very little impact from a net capital perspective. Let me provide a brief update on the current status. Looking first at the Rockies oil exploration, we've had encouraging results from wells testing several different formations, including an oil well we just completed in the Powder River Basin that has been on production for 7 days, averaging 1,100 barrels of oil per day. A very encouraging result. In the Ohio Utica, as we indicated last quarter, the results from the wells in the western portion of the oil window had been disappointing. We have since shifted our drilling efforts further to the east and expect to have 3 or 4 wells down on this for eastern acreage by year-end. In the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, we tied in our third and fourth wells in the northern portion of our acreage position during the third quarter. The Murphy 63H located in West Louisiana parish had an average 30-day IP rate of 260 barrels of oil per day from a 4,700 foot lateral. Roughly 40 miles to the east in Tangipahoa Parish, the Thomas 38H was brought online and had a 30-day IP rate of 470 barrels of oil per day from a 4,900 foot lateral. We would need to see improvements in both cost and recoveries to make this an attractive play going forward. Finally, in the Mississippian oil play located in North Central Oklahoma, we currently have 13 operated rigs running. Devon has 545,000 net acres in the play. We significantly ramped up our drilling activity in the third quarter, drilling both saltwater disposal wells to prepare for full-scale development and a number of producers. We currently have 20 operated Mississippian producers awaiting completion. So we expect to have a more robust update for you next quarter. However, we did tie in the Bontrager 1-28H in the third quarter with an average 30-day IP rate of 545 BOE per day, including 480 barrels of oil per day. These results continue to support a type curve with a 30-day IP of roughly 300 BOE per day and an EUR of 300,000 to 400,000 BOE, at a cost of $3 million to $3.5 million each per well. Our 545,000 net acres represents many years of drilling inventory for us. We currently estimate that the risked resource potential net to Devon at over 800 million of oil equivalent. In summary, our 2012 capital program continues to drive strong oil production growth, while simultaneously evaluating a wide range of exploration prospects. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I will take you through a brief review of our third quarter results and the impact on our outlook for the upcoming quarter. The first item I will cover is production. Our third quarter production totaled 62.4 million oil equivalent barrels or 678,000 BOE per day. This represents a 3% increase compared to the same period last year. The oil side of our business delivered most of our year-over-year growth, outpacing the decline in natural gas. In total, oil production increased 14% over the third quarter of 2011 to an average of 143,000 barrels per day, once again strong year-over-year growth in our Permian and Jackfish project areas drove the performance. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to continue growing our oil with average daily production approaching 150,000 barrels per day. This implies 2012 oil production growth of almost 20% over last year. We expect to achieve this in spite of the impact from the Jackfish 1 turnaround of about 10,000 barrels per day and the delays in the ramp-up of Jackfish 2 that Dave discussed. On the gas side, downtime at third-party facilities during the fourth quarter, the impact of the 2011 Cana drilling program that Dave discussed and the underperformance of a Cotton Valley Taylor development program that we are no longer pursuing, will result in a decline in our fourth quarter natural gas production of about 3% compared to third quarter. Net-net, we now expect company-wide production of oil, gas and NGLs to be essentially flat with this year's third quarter at 670,000 to 680,000 BOE per day. Now for a brief review of our revenues. In the third quarter, production growth along with improved Canadian heavy oil realizations and higher natural gas prices drove our upstream revenue up by 7% over the prior quarter to $1.7 billion. In aggregate, oil sales, not including NGLs, once again accounted for more than 50% of our total upstream revenue in the quarter, while revenue from methane continues to be minimal at just 4% of total sales. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect regional price differentials to be generally in line with our previous guidance, with a couple of notable exceptions. Better pipeline availability and increased demand for heavier crudes during the first half of the fourth quarter resulted in much lower differentials. We are back in a season of heavy refinery maintenance and downtime and the supply of heavy crude is up, so differentials have temporarily widened again. However, the average fourth quarter realizations will still be better than previously forecasted. We now expect our fourth quarter oil price realizations in Canada to range between 64% and 74% of WTI. For natural gas liquids, high inventory levels at Mont Belvieu, along with continued growth in NGL supplies, continue to put pressure on NGL realizations. We expect fourth quarter realizations to range from 29% to 34% of WTI. Looking briefly at the impact of our hedges. In the third quarter, our hedge position delivered cash settlements of $243 million. In total, these cash settlements enhanced our average realized prices by $3.89 per BOE, an uplift of 14% to company-wide realizations. For the fourth quarter, we have approximately 90% of our forecasted oil production locked in with a weighted average floor price of $96 per barrel. We also have more than 80% of our expected gas production in Q4 hedged at a protected price of $3.64. John mentioned earlier that the recent upward movement in natural gas prices has provided us with a good opportunity to add attractive hedges for next year. For the full year of 2013, we now have roughly 1 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas hedged with both swaps and costless collars. Of this amount, 518 million cubic feet per day is swapped at an average price of $4.19 per Mcf. The remainder is collared at a ceiling price of $4.33 per Mcf and a floor of $3.53. These gas hedges, coupled with our 2013 oil hedges of 76,000 barrels per day at a protected price of nearly $97 per barrel, provide a good foundation on the hedging front for next year. For more details on our hedging positions, please visit the guidance section of our website that Vince referenced earlier. Turning now to our midstream business. Our marketing and midstream unit generated $109 million of operating profit in the third quarter, enhancing our company-wide margins by $1.75 per BOE. Improved gas prices and cost containment efforts help us reach the top end of our guidance range. These solid results were also aided by the resumption of our operations at our Gulf Coast Fractionators facility in Mont Belvieu, following the completion of a recent plant expansion. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect our midstream operating profit to range between $90 million and $110 million. Shifting now to expenses. As John said earlier, we continue to do a good job of controlling costs. In the third quarter, expenses in several categories were lower than guidance, most notably LOE and G&A. In aggregate, our pretax cost were $14.04 per BOE, about 2% lower than last quarter. This is an especially positive result considering our continued focus on higher margin, the higher cost of oil production and the negative volume impact on the quarter of the Jackfish turnaround. Our scale in core operating regions and consistent focus on cost management allow us to maintain one of the most competitive cost structures in the industry. Moving now to DD&A expense. Our third quarter DD&A expense was $716 million or $11.46 per BOE, right in line with our expectations. Looking forward, given the weakness of natural gas and NGL prices over the past 12 months, there's a chance for an additional but much smaller impairment charge in the fourth quarter. Should this occur, our fourth quarter DD&A rate would not be impacted. For Q4, we now anticipate our DD&A rate to be between $11.30 and $11.50 per BOE. Cutting to the bottom line. As John mentioned earlier, our non-GAAP earnings, which exclude the asset impairment charge and other items that analyst generally do not attempt to forecast were $0.88 per share, $0.19 higher than the Street's mean estimate. Stronger-than-expected price realizations and lower pretax cash costs were the key drivers of the beat. This level of earnings translated into cash flow per share of $3.01, exceeding the Street's expectations by 7%. Before we open the call to Q&A, I will conclude my remarks with a quick review of our financial position. During the third quarter, our operating cash flow approached $1.4 billion. When you combine that with more than $500 million of proceeds from closing the Sumitomo joint venture and other minor asset sales, our cash inflows for the quarter totaled $1.9 billion. This cash allowed us to comfortably fund a robust capital program while maintaining excellent financial strength. As mentioned earlier, we exited September with a net debt-to-adjusted cap ratio of only 15%, and one of the best liquidity positions in the E&P sector with cash and short-term investments of $7.5 billion. While Devon clearly possesses a great deal of financial strength and flexibility, we are fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our per share growth and cash flow adjusted for debt. So with that, I will turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A. Vince?
Vincent W. White: Operator, we're ready for the first question. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wonder if I could ask you, I don't know if you're going to be able to provide a lot of detail on this, but the rig allocation that you have currently, I wonder if you could maybe give us a quick summary as to where you are now. But more importantly, given John's comments about spending being substantially lower next year, I wonder if you could give us an early stear as to how you expect activity to be allocated across your plays next year. Obviously, I'm anticipating it's 100% on liquids again, given the new acreage areas and the success you've had. I'm just trying to get an idea as to how that's going to shake out. And I have got a follow-up, please.
David A. Hager: Sure, Doug. This is Dave Hager. I'll give you an idea for where the rigs are right now and where they'll be next year. It will be just a summary comment before I go into all the numbers. I wouldn't expect a great deal of difference, but we are going to continue to ramp up the Permian activity next year. We're going to be very active in the Mississippian next year. So we have 2 very high-quality oil plays there, and we're going to -- you will see some increases there. But everything else I think would be fairly static with where we are. But to complete the picture for where we are right now, we currently have 20 rigs working in the Permian. Of those 20, about 9 are working in the Bone Springs and Delaware plays, about 5 in the Wolfcamp Shale and the Cline Shale combined, 3 in the Wolfberry and 3 in the Central Basin Platform. We have 10 rigs working in the Barnett, 7 rigs working in Cana, and we'll probably ramp that back up a little bit more next year also. Mississippian, as we said, we have 13 rigs working there. We have a total of 7 rigs working in what we call our southern division, and that includes the work we're currently finishing up in Ohio and Michigan, 3 doing Canadian exploration, 3 doing Granite Wash, and we had mentioned, we're going to be going up to 4 rigs there with the success of our Hogshooter program. 4 in the Rockies, 1 in Lloydminster and 1 other doing conventional work in Canada, for a total of 69 rigs.
John Richels: And Doug, it's John. Just let me put a little bit more color around what Dave said and reflect back to what I was saying earlier. We are going to be cutting back. We do expect our 2013 CapEx program to be cut back but because of the impact of the JVs and the additional capital that comes from those joint ventures, our activity levels, as Dave said, will stay pretty high.
David A. Hager: And the substantial part of the cutback is going to be on the leasehold side, not the drilling side. So we're going to be very active on the drilling side.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. I appreciate that detail. I guess my follow-up is kind of related, and it really comes then to capital allocation and how you think about this very long term. Some of your competitors have talked about they are prepared to allow gas production to slide next year. I'm thinking specifically of EOG and Chesapeake. And on the other hand, if we look at where you're allocating capital outside of the U.S., and obviously, the lower 48 is going pretty well, but Canadian differentials continue to be under pressure and if you listen to what the refiners are saying, they're anticipating that is going to stay that way for quite a while. So I'm just kind of wondering as to now that you -- you've had the exploration success in the lower 48, how do you see balancing capital between Canada, particularly longer term on Pike relative to accelerating the lower 48 until things shake out in terms of where those differentials are going to be because obviously, it's a number we are trying to get our heads around to what is sustainable going forward by way of differentials?
John Richels: Well, Doug, in Canada, as you are probably aware, we are not spending a large amount or not allocating a large amount of our capital into areas -- into the conventional. We had very little activity there. And so almost all of our expenditures in Canada have been towards these heavy oil projects. And as you know, they are very, very long term in nature. So for example, Jackfish 3, I think Dave mentioned, we're about 47% completed or 45% completed on that. That's going to continue over the next couple of years. And as we move into Pike, we'll do our detailed engineering and won't even start that for over a year. And so we're really taking a much, much longer view on that than where the differentials may be over the next couple of years. So I think that we're pretty committed to that program in Canada. We really think that the heavy oil program in Canada -- we really think that Pike and Jackfish are in a very, very good part of the Oil Sands where we can have very good results over time. We will continue to allocate some significant funding to that.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Then on gas drilling, on the production network, if you can care to give a few words about that.
John Richels: Yes, and on the gas side, yes, we're really focusing on the higher-margin products. And so where we're drilling gas, we're drilling liquids-rich gas, trying to drill in the areas where those liquids are -- the ones that are providing the best returns. And if that drops off our gas a little bit, then we're not -- that doesn't concern us.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Dave Kistler from Simmons & Company.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Probably a bit early to be asking this with the election just behind us, but can you give us kind of latest thoughts or kind of plans with respect to repatriation of capital? And maybe even in the past, you've talked about divestitures of this Canadian assets that it sounds like you might be moving to development programs. So color on both of those would be very helpful.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Well, Dave, this is Jeff Agosta. I'll take a crack at the first one there about the repatriation. As we've said repeatedly that we will wait to see how the legislation process plays out. I think that it's prudent to see how any compromise gets made with Congress and the Administration on the tax front. So we're still hopeful that we get some rational tax legislation out of our government, and it's prudent to wait. And I think it's also important to note that our financial flexibility is not at all impeded by that. We're able to borrow in the current short-term markets at very attractive rates. So it just makes sense to wait it out.
John Richels: And on the other side, Dave -- on your other question, we've been -- we're very open to everything that's going to create value. I think we always we have been. We've never been shy about that. We've taken some bold moves, and so we're always looking at ways to increase value. So I can't tell you anything specific, but we're looking at all of our assets and making sure that we manage them in a way that over time creates the most value.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. I appreciate that. And then this kind of follows up, and Jeff maybe touched on it a little bit, but thoughts with respect to cash outflows in terms of either providing increased dividends or share buybacks or -- going to have to think about that relative to legislation and use of capital.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Dave, we've been very consistent over the past, I don't know, 8, 10 years of increasing our dividend and being very shareholder-friendly through buying back 20% of our outstanding stocks since 2004. We've consistently raised the dividend every year with the exception during the financial crisis in 2009 and 2010 when we were going through our repositioning, and we will continue to look at that. All with the view toward maximizing cash flow per share adjusted for debt.
Vincent W. White: Yes, Dave, this is Vince. I might add that really, the thoughts around the share repurchases are undertaken in conjunction with our capital budgeting process, which is currently underway.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys talk about -- at the Analyst Day you laid out the 5-year CAGR, 6% to 8%. Can you talk about any change given -- I know there's been some temporary disruptions, but given some of the disruptions of the production this year, can you -- any change to that longer term?
Vincent W. White: David, I think you're referring to the Analyst Day, we gave an illustration of what our assets could do under a specific set of assumptions. Those assumptions included price outlook, price realizations relative to benchmarks and the performance of our assets. If you look at things that have changed since that date, we've got NGLs, and our expectations for NGLs as a percentage of WTI have come down. I think gas prices have probably ticked up a little bit. Oil prices are a little weaker. And the changes to our portfolio, we've seen the delay in Jackfish ramp-up, should not affect the multiyear period, and we've also seen some good progress and derisking in some of our major oil plays. So all those things go into the mix. I mean ultimately, how much we grow top line depends on how much capital we spend, and we're always trying to optimize the per share growth, not the top line growth, and it's a continually evolving picture.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Okay, and let me follow up, let me go completely unrelated. In the Cline Shale, can you talk about where -- I know you're drilling on that Eastern Shelf, if you will. I assume that's where the Cline Shale -- can you say specifically what area of that acreage you're targeting? And the 5 horizontals you mentioned that are in various stages, can you just talk about where those have been drilled? What counties?
David A. Hager: Sure. The plan is to get a good representation of wells across our entire acreage position so we can evaluate it all. The first 3 wells that we have drilled have been located in Sterling County. Since that time, we have actually gone up and drilled a Mississippian well that I mentioned up in Fisher County where we have quite a bit of acreage as well. And we have a couple wells that we're currently drilling and completing in Mitchell and Nolan County as well. And so if you look at our acreage position, it is -- those are the 4 main counties where we have, at Sterling, Mithcell, Nolan and Fisher, with a little bit in Scurry County as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On the county acreage portion of your CapEx budget, how much is that now up to for 2012? Do you see and/or expect additional joint ventures to offset at some point some of that? And as we look ahead to next year, it seems like over the last couple of years, there have been a number of upward revisions to your budget for the purposes of acquiring acreage, is there anything different now in terms of thinking about a year from now having a budget that is meaningfully down versus first of 2012?
Vincent W. White: Brian, this is Vince. I'll take the first part of the question. The acreage spend this year is about $1 billion before any recovery through the JVs, that's the gross number. Year-to -- that's through the first 9 months of the year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then there will be another $200 million coming in the fourth quarter, so $1.1 billion -- $1.2 billion?
David A. Hager: Well, we've recovered about $1.3 billion upfront from the 2 JVs this year.
Vincent W. White: No, his question was the incremental spend. We've spent $1 billion in the first 9 months, we've said another $200 million in Q4, is that a fair estimate?
David A. Hager: That's correct.
John Richels: Brian, on the joint ventures, we are developing some additional areas, if they're right for it. I mean, these joint ventures have been very good for us, and we hope good for our partners, and it's something that we will continue to be open to. It certainly improves our capital efficiency. It's something that we would do, and we have allocated a lot to capital or to leasehold over the last couple of years. And when you think about it, as we got out of the international and deepwater and moved onshore, we always said that we would take some of those funds. And I think we got a good return on our investments internationally and in the Gulf of Mexico. And we said we'd take some of those funds and reinvest them in a project onshore to continue to build a good inventory of future growth, particularly on the oil side, and that's what we've been trying to do. So I think it's been a judicious reallocation of proceeds of those dispositions. And now we have a pretty big asset base when you think about it, and we're pretty excited about a number of the areas and optimistic about the number of these areas, not the least of which is the Mississippian and the Cline and some of the things that we're doing in the Rockies. So we've got a lot of running room right now.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And I guess going to Canada and in Jackfish, with the 2 wells or the 2 pads that are kind of having issues, are you confident that, that is just isolated to those 2 areas, or do you see any wider implication for either of the pads that you're drilling or kind of thinking about some of the other leases like Pike?
David A. Hager: We're very confident we understand now what the issues are that created this. And really, you could see it on the logs that there was some interbedded nature to the logs. What was not fully understood until we started producing. And remember, these pads were originally designed and approved from a regulatory standpoint 4 to 5 years ago when -- what was not fully understood is just what were the impact of this interbedded sands and shale have on the initial steam chamber development. So we're confident now. We understand that. We've seen this. We've actually observed it with not only here, but at Jackfish and some other industry projects in the same area. So the fact that this happened, we understand the nature. We're confident we can overcome this. The reserves are there. We're still going to get all the reserves? There's just a delay on these pads and getting the production up to full speed, and we know how to place future pads to avoid these issues.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: And one other thing, Brian, I'll just throw in to what Dave has said is it's important to understand that as we drill additional couple of well pads, all we're doing is moving that capital forward. We're not adding a bunch of capital, and that's because over time we do believe that we'll recover all of the reserves in these first 2 well pads. So it's not like we're adding a bunch more wells, we're just moving them forward.
David A. Hager: And I'd like to add we're very confident still that Jackfish and the Pike areas are really top tier projects. If there was as a mistake that was made, it's just we didn't add enough spare wells initially to make sure that the plant was full. But from a geological perspective, there is no question these are top tier reservoirs in the best part of the SAGD development.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Charles Meade from Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: A question, and this is maybe for Dave. On the LOE coming in lower than expected, is there room for that to continue to go lower, or is it projected to bounce back up? I note that you didn't change your guidance on the LOE, but you can just talk about in general terms?
David A. Hager: I would not expect the LOE to go lower. We are very proud of our performance on LOE because even as we're making the shift to a higher oil percentage as part of our overall production, everybody knows that oil is more expensive to operate than natural gas. And so the fact that we've been able to really mitigate the impact of that through our LOE is good. But because we are continuing to shift to more oil as a higher percentage of our production, I wouldn't anticipate it going lower on a per barrel basis. But we -- it's something we work every day, and we think we're pretty darn good at.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. That's exactly the detail I was looking for. And then the second question, this goes back to Jackfish a bit. As I look back in my notes from the Analyst Day, I think back then you're expecting to go post-payout in late '12 and that's now shifted into '13, and I guess that would make sense because oil prices are a little lower, have been lower than they were then. But does that then give you a little bit higher oil take in Q4 because of that? Or is that even a meaningful piece that we should think about?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: No, we were expecting Brandon -- we were expecting payout -- I'm sorry Charles, we were expecting payout in at right around year end. And so it really doesn't have an impact on fourth quarter expected oil production. And now we expect it to be some point in the first quarter, not exactly sure when. It will depend on oil prices.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen from Buckingham Research.
Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: First question is on a few of the structural things that hurt Canadian differentials and pipeline projects, are you optimistic about more Canadian pipeline projects, Enbridge and Keystone, working in your favor of the next couple of quarters, years? I mean, what intelligence do you have that, that's happening? And then I guess on the demand side, the upper Midwest refineries, are those enlarging, expanding on schedule to close differentials?
Darryl G. Smette: Bob, this is Darryl Smette. Yes, obviously, as we went through this year, we had supply of heavy oil and pipeline capacity, refining capacity pretty well in balance, actually had a little bit more pipeline capacity and refining capacity than we had supply where we had a number of unplanned outages both in terms of refineries and pipelines in the second and third quarter that widened those differentials. They really started to improve in September as some of that unplanned outage come back on in some of the pipeline capacity come back on. So differential, as Jeff mentioned there, starting in September, and there pretty significantly through September, October and into the first part of November. As we got to the middle of November, we have both in the U.S. and Canada about 1 million barrels a day of refining capacity that has went down for turnaround. And so we have again seeing those differentials widened about $10 to $12 a barrel. That refinery maintenance should be completed sometime early in the first part of the first quarter of next year, so we should get that refinery capacity back. In addition to that, we have 2 refineries that are coming onstream, one in December, a Marathon refinery in Detroit is going to bring about 80,000 to 90,000 barrel additional refining capacity. So that's coming on, and then the Whiting Refinery that's converting to heavy oil should be on sometime in the second quarter. That's about 250,000 to 270,000 barrels a day of capacity. So although we're seeing some increase in production in heavy oil, the increase in pipeline refining capacity is actually exceeding what we're seeing in production. So we do think as we get through the first quarter, we will start to see some downward pressure on those differentials. In addition to that, we are actually seeing an increase in rail activity out of Canada. It's actually increased from about 800 rail cars a day up to about 1,100 to 1,200 rail cars today. A lot of that oil is being railed to the west coast and the east coast they is close in that going to the Mid-Continent so we have a combination of things that are looking better as we get through the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year as we get in the second quarter of 2013 and beyond, start to look a lot better.
Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And my second question is -- maybe Vince answers, I don't know, Jeff answers, the cash flow per debt adjusted share, do you have that calculation for the third quarter versus a year ago? Has it been growing, that metric, has it been improving?
Vincent W. White: We're -- first of all, I don't have it in my fingertips. We do monitor that, and the prices have a huge impact over the short term, as well as our product allocation, but I can't give you that comparison right off.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: I would say yes, that due to product prices being much lower in the third quarter of this year than they were last year, it has probably gone down for us and the industry.
Vincent W. White: We've run past the top of the hour, so we're going to respect your time and cut the call off. And as usual, we'll be around the rest of the day. The IR staff will be available to answer any follow-up questions. So thanks for your participation.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent W. White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David A. Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey A. Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing, Midstream and Supply Chain
Analysts: Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everybody, to today's second quarter 2012 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. I'll provide a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his review. Then Dave Hager, Head of Exploration and Production, will provide the operations update. And following that, our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Agosta, will finish up with a review of our financial results and outlook. After Jeff's call, we'll have a Q&A session. And our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols, as well as Darryl Smette, Head of Marketing and Midstream are with us today to help out with the Q&A session. As usual, we'll conclude the call after an hour, so if we do not get to your questions during the Q&A, we'll be around for the remainder of the day to answer your questions. A replay of this call will also be available later today on our website. During the call today, we're going to update some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results that we've seen in the first half of the year and our revised outlook for the second half of 2012. In addition to the updates that we're providing during the call, we will file an 8-K later today containing the details of our updated 2012 estimates. To access this guidance, just click on the guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of the Devon website. Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always strive to give you the very best information possible, there are numerous factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. A discussion of risk factors relating to these estimates can be found in the 8-K that we are filing later today. Also, in today's call, we'll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide related disclosures and those are also available on the Devon website. Looking briefly at our earnings for the quarter, the First Call mean estimate for Devon's second quarter earnings was $0.81 per share. That compares to actual non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.55 per share. So clearly, we had a big earnings miss for the second quarter. By far, the largest driver of the miss was wider product price differentials. These low price realizations also negatively impacted our midstream earnings. And to a much lesser degree, our results were negatively impacted by production interruptions that reduced our second quarter production by 16,000 barrels per day, average, for the full quarter. The most significant occurrence was a longer-than-expected partial shutdown for maintenance and repairs at our Bridgeport facility in north Texas. That work has now been completed. This reduced our NGLs production by approximately 10,000 barrels per day in the quarter, while disruptions at third-party facilities in the Permian Basin, Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions contributed to the reduced volumes as well. As of today, all of the issues that interrupted production have been resolved. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. While our second quarter earnings fell short of our expectations, when you look beyond the near-term challenges, we stayed right on track with the execution of our long-term strategic plan. We continued to deliver strong growth in oil production, driving company-wide oil production up 26% over the year-ago period and up 5% over the first quarter of the year. In spite of unusually weak Canadian oil price realizations, oil revenue accounted for almost 60% of our upstream revenues in the second quarter. Given the weakness in the NGLs market, it's worth noting that ethane accounted for only about 4% of our second quarter sales. In April, we closed our $2.5 billion joint venture agreement with Sinopec. You might recall that the transaction price included a $900 million cash payment at closing, recovering significantly more than 100% of our land and exploration costs associated with these assets. The remaining $1.6 billion drilling carry will fund 80% of the capital requirements on the joint venture assets over the next few years. Also, in spite of weak second quarter price realizations for much of our production, operating cash flow for the quarter exceeded $1.4 billion and when you combine that with the proceeds from our Sinopec joint venture, total cash inflows approached $2.3 billion. Additionally, we added some attractive hedges, which will stabilize cash flows in the second half of the year. We now have approximately 85% of our oil production locked in, with an average protected floor of $97 per barrel and 65% of our natural gas production protected at $3.76 per Mcf. And finally, we executed a robust oil-focused capital program, while maintaining one of the strongest balance sheets and best liquidity positions in the peer group. We exited the quarter with $7 billion of cash and short-term investments and a net debt-to-cap ratio of about 14%. As many of you are already aware, we also have some exciting news on the exploration front. Earlier this morning, we announced a $1.4 billion agreement with Sumitomo to explore and develop our 650,000 net acre position in the Cline and the Midland Wolfcamp shale plays. Sumitomo will invest $340 million in cash at closing and receive a 30% interest in these properties. Additionally, Sumitomo will fund a little over $1 billion, it's actually $1.025 billion of Devon's share of future drilling costs associated with these plays. This agreement will materially enhance our future returns and accelerate our evaluation and development of these assets, while leaving us with a land position approaching 0.5 million acres that represents a very significant growth opportunity for Devon. And finally, like our joint venture with Sinopec, this partnership affords us the flexibility to invest more of our operating cash flow in our development opportunities and to pursue additional oil prospects already identified by our technical staff. For years, we've enjoyed a strong working relationship with Sumitomo. Sumitomo is really a terrific company and we look forward to working together for years to come through this mutually beneficial joint venture. And speaking of additional oil prospects, during our Analyst Day in April, we mentioned that we were working to put together a significant leasehold position in an oil prospect that we were not yet ready to disclose. Today, with that acreage position largely assembled, it's now ripe for disclosure. It's in a play that's received a lot of attention lately with some very encouraging results. We've acquired an additional 400,000 net acres in the Mississippian trend outside of the area that's covered by our Sinopec joint venture. When you combine our position and the Sinopec JV with this new position, we now have over 545,000 net acres in this emerging oil play. So just to reiterate, this 400,000 net acre position that we're announcing today is not currently part of any joint venture. So between the Cline Shale position in the Midland Basin and our position in the Mississippian play, we have about a million acres net to Devon in 2 oil plays that appear to be working very, very well. We believe that this gives us years of oil growth beyond the light oil development projects that are currently driving our oil growth in the United States. Shifting gears now, we've received a number of questions recently regarding the current state of the market for natural gas liquids and whether this will impact our capital allocation. Since last quarter's call, market conditions for natural gas liquids have deteriorated further. Inventory builds over the last 3 months far exceeded industry expectations. This was due to a variety of factors. There were delays in petrochemical plant turnarounds, we had extended downtime at 2 Mont Belvieu Fractionation facilities and we had a delay in the ramp-up of a petrochemical plant that's expanding its ability to run on ethane. Given these higher inventory levels and new NGL supplies being brought onto the market, our outlook for NGL realizations has deteriorated somewhat since our last quarterly call and Jeff is going to provide some detailed guidance later in the call about those realizations. Looking beyond 2012, with new takeaway pipelines and fractionation capacity coming online, ethane supply in the market will likely outpace incremental demand until new cracker additions are operational around mid-decade. Since ethane prices track natural gas prices, as long as the natural gas prices remain low, we'd expect ethane prices to also be weak during this period. However, as natural gas prices improve, so should ethane prices. In addition, as new export capacity along the Gulf for propane becomes available later on this year, we expect to see our overall NGLs price realization stabilize. In any case, our firm transportation agreements and our dedicated fractionation capacity at Mont Belvieu will maximize the value of our NGLs production. Based upon our evolving outlook for price realizations for natural gas and NGLs, our liquids-rich Barnett and Cana programs continue to deliver attractive returns. Of course, in the current pricing environment, most light oil projects are delivering superior returns. And our light oil programs in the Permian and the Mississippian are developing now to the point where we're ready to begin increasing activity levels. We have migrated several rigs to these higher return light oil opportunities and plan to move additional rigs in the second half. For the full year 2012, we expect to deliver oil production growth in excess of 20% shifting our overall production mix to 40% liquids by year end. We remain on target to meet our guidance of 253 million to 257 million barrels equivalent of production, although we're trending towards the low end of this range due to the gas processing curtailments experienced in the second quarter that Vince discussed earlier in the call. Looking beyond the current year's activity, we are in the beginning stages of planning for our 2013 capital budget, and while it's a bit premature to provide much in the way of guidance, I can assure you that we will remain focused on maximizing growth and cash flow per share, adjusted for debt. We're fortunate that our existing resource base provides us the flexibility to shift additional capital towards light oil opportunities. Our existing acreage base comprises some 5 billion barrels of risked oil resource, representing many years of high quality undrilled inventory. In addition, we're leveraging our portfolio through joint ventures to allow us to accelerate that growth. So in summary, we remain excited about Devon's future and believe that we're well positioned to compete effectively in any business environment. Our measured approach to the business, strong balance sheet and high quality property base all position us to deliver on our long-term business plan. And so with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed review of our quarterly operating highlights. Dave?
David A. Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. While the second quarter production was impacted by the gas processing disruptions that Vince and John mentioned, we continue to make good progress with the execution of our capital program. We delivered strong oil production growth in both the Permian and Jackfish. We also had encouraging initial well results in some of the new ventures' plays. Before we get to the highlights of the quarter, I'll begin with a quick recap of CapEx. E&P spending totaled $2.1 billion for the quarter, bringing E&P capital for the first 6 months to $3.7 billion. Our 2012 capital program is front-end loaded, especially for leasehold expenditures. But in any case, we are tracking toward the higher end of our previous guidance range of $6.1 billion to $6.5 billion. As a reminder, when we close the Sumitomo transaction, we will have received a total of $1.2 billion in cash this year that is not netted against this capital for reporting purposes. Moving now to specific operating areas, starting in the Permian Basin. Our Permian production averaged a record 58,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, up 21% over the second quarter of 2011. Looking specifically at our Permian oil production, it grew 24% over the same period, with light oil now accounting for nearly 60% of our total Permian volumes. A key driver of our Permian oil growth continues to be our Bone Springs horizontal program in New Mexico. We have 6 rigs running and in the second quarter, we brought 19 Bone Springs wells online, with average 30-day IP rates of 680 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With these wells generating returns north of 50%, they offer some of the highest returning opportunities in our portfolio. To date, we have identified roughly 300 risk locations in play, representing several years of additional growing inventory. Also, in the Permian, we continue to have very good results from our 2-rig program targeting the Delaware formation. We brought 8 wells online during the second quarter. Of particular note was the Shaqtus 1H that had a 30-day IP rate of 1,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 1,263 barrels of oil. Like the Bone Springs, this play offers outstanding returns. We have approximately 200 risk locations remaining in the Delaware. Last quarter, we told you about a successful Wolfcamp horizontal well we drilled in the heart of our Wolfberry acreage located some 80 miles northwest of the Wolfcamp play in the southern Midland Basin. The [indiscernible] 17H had a 30-day IP rate of 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the second quarter, we drilled an encouraging follow-up to this well. After 12 days of production, Natatia [ph] 49H is producing roughly 325 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 280 barrels of oil. These encouraging results were giving us the confidence to take the horizontal Wolfcamp play on our Wolfberry acreage into full development. And we also plan to test the middle Wolfcamp in the same area later this year. I'll now move to the 2 Permian plays that comprise the joint venture with Sumitomo that we announced this morning. First, in the Cline Shale on the eastern flank of the Midland Basin, we have continued to add acreage and have now assembled some 556,000 net acres in the partnership. We began to assess the potential of this acreage during the second quarter with our first horizontal well in the play. The Stroman Ranch C58 located in Sterling County had a 30-day IP rate of 300 barrels of oil equivalent per day. On most of the frac stages, we utilize gel fracs. However, we did test a couple of stages with slick water, with very good results. Consequently, in our second horizontal well that is currently being completed, we are utilizing slick water for all of the completion stages and expect a higher IP rate. And while it's in the very early stages of the evaluation of our position, we are very encouraged that the Cline Shale with be a highly economic oil play. We will continue to refine our drilling and completion techniques on the remaining wells planned for the second half of this year and keep you updated as we move forward. In the other play in the Sumitomo JV, the Wolfcamp Shale in the southern Midland Basin where we have 94,000 net acres, we brought 3 Wolfcamp horizontal wells online in the second quarter. These included the Coronado 2H with an average 30-day IP rate of 575 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter, we tied in our first 7,000-foot lateral completed with a slick water frac. After 22 days of production, the University 52-10H well has averaged 650 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 575 barrels of oil. We're, obviously, very encouraged by these results. We currently have 2 rigs running in the Wolfcamp Shale and 2 in the Cline. The joint venture with Sumitomo will allow us to accelerate the evaluation and de-risking of these plays. We expect to drill 28 wells in these 2 plays in the remainder of 2012, bringing the total number of wells drilled, or participated in, to 40. Shifting now to our thermal oil projects in eastern Alberta, aggregate production from our 2 producing Jackfish projects averaged a record 51,100 barrels of oil per day, net of royalties, in the second quarter. Jackfish 1 continued its trend of best-in-class plant reliability and efficiency, achieving a plant utilization rate over the past 12 months of more than 98%. We will bring the Jackfish 1 plant down for scheduled maintenance beginning in early September. This is something we do roughly every 2 years. We expect the maintenance turnaround to take about 3 weeks. When we restart the plant, it takes about 3 to 4 weeks to ramp production back up to capacity. Accordingly, our net Jackfish 1 production is expected to average about 23,000 barrels per day in the second half of 2012. At Jackfish 2, production is on pace to reach more than 25,000 barrels per day, before royalties [ph], by year end and to reach facilities capacity in 2013. Jackfish 3 construction continues to progress well with roughly 40% of the project complete, putting us on track for a start-up around year-end 2014. At Pike, we filed an application for regulatory approval in late June for the Pike 1 development. The Pike 1 application is for a project with a gross production capacity of 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We continue to work with our partner on the details of the development plan and expect to finalize those later this year. We operate Pike with a 50% working interest. As a reminder, we expect our existing SAGD assets to drive Devon's net thermal oil production to more than 150,000 barrels per day by the end of the decade. On the exploration front in Canada, we continue to evaluate the oil and liquids-rich gas potential across our more than 4 million net acres. Our most encouraging results over the last 18 months of exploratory drilling have been in the Ferrier corridor where Devon has roughly 240,000 net acres prospecting for the Cardium oil, the liquids-rich Glauconite and other lower Cretaceous zones. To date, we have drilled a total of 19 operated horizontal wells in these formations. Average 30-day IP rates have ranged between 300 and 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With drill and complete costs in the $4 million to $6 million range, these wells have strong economics. And we're currently evaluating a potential development plan for these areas. Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in north Texas. Based upon the early success we are seeing in the Mississippian oil play in Oklahoma, we recently moved 2 of our Barnett rigs and 3 of our Cana rigs to the Mississippian. This leaves us with 10 operated Barnett rigs running in a liquids-rich core and the oil window in Wise County and 12 rigs running in core-rich Cana. As Vince mentioned earlier, our reported volumes were impacted by an extended maintenance turnaround of our Bridgeport natural gas processing plant in the Barnett. In spite of this curtailment, our second quarter net production from the Barnett averaged 1.32 Bcf equivalent per day, up 3% from our second quarter a year ago. Moving now to the Cana Woodford Shale in western Oklahoma. In spite of some minor disruptions of third-party processing facilities and a temporary increase in uncompleted wells due to pad drilling, we still achieved an all-time production record at Cana. Second quarter 2012 production increased 48% over the year-ago quarter and 3% over the first quarter of 2012. Cana's second quarter production growth was led by oil and NGL growth of 59% over the year-ago quarter to 3,500 barrels of oil and 10,400 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. Moving west to the Texas Panhandle. In the Granite Wash play, we continue to see solid results. We brought 6 operated Granite Wash wells online during the second quarter, with 30-day IP rates averaging 1,270 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We plan to move a fourth rig to the Granite Wash later this year. In addition to some of the very encouraging results in the Cline and Wolfcamp shale plays, we have some updates on some of our other new venture areas. Looking first at the Ohio Utica, our first 2 wells, 2 horizontal wells, the Eichelberger 1H in Ashland County and the Richman Farms 1H in Medina County, were not encouraging. These wells are located on the northwestern-most acreage. We are currently completing our third well to the south, the Sensibaugh 1H located in southern Knox County. This well offsets our initial Harstine Trust core well. We will continue drilling in a liquids-rich window to the east where industry has about 20 horizontal rigs running. In the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, we drilled our first 3 wells in the northern portion of our acreage position. The Richman Farms 74H located in East Feliciana parish was brought online in the second quarter with an average 30-day IP rate of just shy of 300 barrels of oil per day. In our next well, we've landed the lateral in a more optimal position and we saw significant improvement in rate. After 20 days of production, the Weyerhaeuser 14H, in St. Helena Parish, has averaged 670 barrels of oil per day from a 5,700-foot lateral. Our third well in the area, the Murphy 63H in West Feliciana Parish, a 4,700-foot lateral, is slated to begin the completion operations early next week. We plan to drill our future Tuscaloosa wells with 8,000-foot laterals. We expect this trend of improving performance to continue as we make additional improvements to our drilling and completions. Reducing costs and improving well performance over time are keys to making this play economic going forward. In Michigan, results from our first 2, A-1 Carbonate horizontal wells have not been encouraging. Each of these wells appear to be tight. These wells were drilled in close proximity to each other in a central portion of the basin. So our plan, going forward, is to test the A1 in Utica potential on the outer flanks of the basin in the remainder of the year with a 2-rig program. In the Rockies oil exploration, as we'd previously indicated, we're testing a number of objectives in the Powder River and DJ Basin. Since we last updated you at our Analyst Day, we've drilled 1 well in the Maori, 3 in Niobrara and one in the Codell. All these wells are in various stages of completion. We are currently drilling a follow-up to the successful Turner well we drilled earlier this year. As a reminder, this well had a 30-day IP of 433 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Finally, in the Mississippian oil play located in North-Central Oklahoma, we have now expanded Devon's position to 545,000 net acres, including about 150,000 net acres within the Sinopec JV. The recently added acreage is predominantly north of our initial position in Noble, Osage, Grant and Sumner counties. This is a play that's attracted a great deal of industry attention due to attractive returns, the high quality of oil it produces and the established, relatively industry-friendly regulatory environment in Oklahoma. We currently operate, or have an interest in, 52 Mississippian wells that are drilling, completing or producing. And we're expanding our operations quickly. We have 7 operated rigs running in the play and expect to add additional rigs later this year. Our results continue to support a tight curve, with a 30-day IP of roughly 300 barrels of oil equivalent per day and an EUR of 300,000 to 400,000 Boe at a cost of $3 million to $3.5 million each, per well. Our 545,000 net acres represents a large position that will add many years of drilling inventory for us. And this is a position that can truly move the needle for a company of Devon's size with net rift [ph] potential of more than 800 million barrels of oil equivalent. So in summary, our 2012 capital program continues to drive strong growth in oil and natural gas liquids production, while simultaneously evaluating a wide range of exploration prospects. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will take you through a brief review of the key drivers that shaped our second quarter results and, where called for, provide updated guidance for the second half of the year. Beginning with production, our second quarter reported production totaled 61.8 million oil equivalent barrels or 679,000 Boe per day, a 3% increase compared to the same period a year ago. This result is about 6,000 barrels per day or 1% shy of the lower end of the guidance range we provided last quarter. As Vince mentioned earlier, interruptions of midstream facilities reduced our second quarter volumes by approximately 16,000 Boe per day. Had these outages not occurred, production would have been at the top end of our guidance range. Fortunately, the disruptions impacted only gas and NGL volumes, so our oil production was on target. For the quarter, our oil production increased by 26% over the second quarter of 2011 to an average of 149,000 barrels per day. Strong year-over-year growth in the Permian and Jackfish drove the performance. For the third quarter, we expect production to increase to a range of 680,000 to 690,000 barrels per day in spite of the plant turnaround at our Jackfish facility. The turnaround at Jackfish will reduce oil volumes by approximately 10,000 barrels per day in both the third and fourth quarters. Even with these curtailments, we still expect that our oil production will increase more than 20% in 2012. Moving to price realizations and beginning with Canadian oil, supply and demand for Canadian crudes remains very tight. Consequently, any disruptions in refinery capacity, or pipeline takeaway, can have a dramatic effect on pricing. This has resulted in increased price volatility and has made it difficult to predict price realizations. In the second quarter, Canadian oil realizations came in at 59% of the WTI benchmark, or just below the lower end of our forecasted range. The wider second quarter differentials were attributable to extended maintenance downtime at Midwest refineries and various outages of third-party pipelines. In the second half of the year, we expect turnarounds at 3 major Midwest refineries to continue to place pressure on our crude realizations. With this in mind, we now expect our Canadian oil realizations to range between 50% to 60% of WTI for both the third and fourth quarters. An incremental 80,000 barrels a day of refining capacity is expected by year end with an additional 240,000 barrels a day by the middle of next year. These additions should significantly improve the supply demand situation. Given the challenges that John discussed for the NGL market, we now expect that our third quarter NGL realizations will range between 28% and 34% of WTI. On the natural gas side, our second quarter company-wide price realizations came in below the low end of our guidance range at approximately 80% of Henry Hub. Regional differentials widened in most of our producing regions in Canada and the United States during the quarter. Prices were especially weak in the Mid-Continent region. For the second half of this year, we expect that our gas price realizations will average 75% to 80% of Henry Hub in the U.S. and 80% to 85% of Henry Hub in Canada. Turning briefly to our marketing and midstream operations. In the second quarter, weak gas and NGL prices, coupled with a planned shutdown of our Gulf Coast Fractionators facility in Mont Belvieu to expand its capacity, reduced our midstream operating profit to $68 million. Now that the expansion of the facility is complete, we expect our midstream operating profit to rebound to a range of $90 million to $110 million in the third quarter. Moving to expenses. In the second quarter, lease operating expenses came in at $8.30 per Boe. This represents a 2% increase compared to last quarter. Had we not experienced any production interruptions during the quarter, our per unit expenses would have been flat compared to the first quarter. This is noteworthy given our growth in oil production which, as you know, is generally more expensive to produce than natural gas. Looking ahead to the third quarter, due to the scheduled maintenance at Jackfish, we expect LOE to approximate $8.50 per Boe. For the full year, LOE should still fall within our previous guidance range. Our second quarter G&A expenses were $176 million, a 5% increase over the previous quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase is almost entirely attributable to the implementation of our new company-wide software platform. For the most part, these implementation costs are nonrecurring. Therefore, we are forecasting third quarter G&A expenses to decline to a range of $160 million to $170 million. Our full year forecast for G&A expenses also remains unchanged. Shifting to interest expense. In early May, we took advantage of attractive market conditions to issue $2.5 billion of senior notes. We issued a combination of 5-, 10- and 30-year notes with respective coupon rates of 1 7/8%, 3 1/4% and 4 3/4%. We utilized these proceeds to reduce our short-term borrowings. Interest expense totaled $99 million for the second quarter, a $14 million increase over the prior-year quarter. This increase is almost entirely attributable to the impact of the bond offering. For the remainder of the year, we expect our interest expense to range from $110 million to $150 million per quarter. DD&A expense for the second quarter totaled $684 million or $11.07 per Boe. For the second half of this year, we expect our depletion rate to range between $11.20 and $11.60 per Boe. However, if natural gas prices remain depressed, we would also expect to incur a full-cost ceiling write-down in the third quarter related to our U.S. oil and gas properties. Just as a reminder, this is a simple accounting exercise that generates a noncash charge and lowers the company's go-forward DD&A rate. In summary, our pretax cash costs totaled $14.39 per Boe in the second quarter. Had we not incurred the production disruptions, this figure would have been around $14 per barrel produced or about 1% over the previous quarter. In any case, we continue to be positioned as a low-cost producer among our peer group. The final expense item I will touch on is income taxes. After backing out the items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates, our adjusted second quarter 2012 income tax rate was 35% of pretax earnings. This is similar to the tax rates we would expect for the remaining 2 quarters of the year. In today's earnings release, we provided a table that reconciles the effects of items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates. Before we open the call to Q&A, I will conclude my remarks with a quick review of our financial position. During the second quarter, our cash flow from operations totaled $1.4 billion, combined with the $900 million of proceeds from our Sinopec joint venture, our total cash inflows reached $2.3 billion. This cash allows us to comfortably fund our robust capital program, while maintaining excellent financial strength. As mentioned earlier, we exited the quarter with a net debt-to-adjusted cap ratio of only 14% and cash and short-term investments of $7 billion. Clearly, from a balance sheet and liquidity perspective, we remain exceptionally strong. At this point, I'll turn the call back to John.
John Richels: Thank you, Jeff. In summary, while second quarter earnings were impacted by low price realization and downtime at the midstream facilities, our operating results continue to reflect the successful execution of our plan. We delivered year-over-year oil production growth of 26%. Our exploration program delivered encouraging results in the Mississippian trend and the Cline Shale, and we also opportunistically added to our acreage position in both of these promising opportunities. We comfortably funded a robust capital program, while maintaining an exceptionally strong balance sheet. Subsequent to quarter end, we announced a $1.4 billion joint venture agreement with Sumitomo to explore and develop the Cline play. And finally, we remain fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our growth and cash flow per share on a debt adjusted basis. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Vince for Q&A. Vince?
Vincent W. White: Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question on the Cline Shale. What is the infrastructure need there right now? And is part of this development, or I'm sorry, the joint venture cover development ops in the infrastructure out there?
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl and I'll answer that. The whole Cline Shale is a big area obviously. There is a lot of the area out there that really has no infrastructure at all in terms of pipelines, gas processing plants, things of that nature. So infrastructure definitely, in a lot of these areas, will have to be built. There are a few little areas in Sterling County where there is some infrastructure and some of the wells that Dave talked about that have been drilled there are close to that infrastructure. But in general, when we go forward, and I think we're going to have success here, infrastructure will be an area that we have to focus on, either Devon, in terms of its midstream operations, or a third party or a combination thereof. The agreement with Sumitomo allows them to participate in midstream activities, if we choose to go forward with that, or if they choose to go forward with that, so that would be an option for them. But right now, that decision, whether they would participate in any midstream facilities has not been made by them.
David A. Hager: Scott, end of the day, I might just add, this is an area though where thousands of wells have been drilled historically by the industry. So there is, as far as, ongoing ability to drill and complete wells, there is an infrastructure that works for that. What Darryl was addressing earlier is, obviously, accurate from the midstream facility side.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Understood. So are the 40 wells that you're drilling, targeting sort of areas where some more of the development infrastructure is at this point, or are you going to spread them across the plays just to delineate better?
Darryl G. Smette: Well, right now, it looks like it's going to be some of both, so we can test the play from a wider context. But some areas are going to have a little bit of infrastructure and some of the wells that we will drill probably will not have the infrastructure right now.
John Richels: From a midstream perspective. Yes, that's what he's answering. But we are testing a good portion of our acreage to just get an idea of the prospectivity of various parts of our acreage.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up on the Mississippian play, you're moving some rigs in there. How are you allocating those rigs versus your new acreage versus the stuff you're doing with Sinopec? How does that work?
John Richels: Well, we have drilled a number of wells on the Sinopec acreage. We're now moving the rigs, for the current time, up to the new acreage and that's where our rigs are located presently and we'll probably continue to evaluate both of those areas throughout the rest of the year.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you've got 7 rigs in the play right now. How many are in the JV versus your own owned acreage? And what would you expect that to be at year end?
John Richels: Right now, we have all 7 rigs working in our own acreage and none in the JV acreage. We do anticipate we will be moving back into the JV acreage later this year, though. And I can't give you an exact count. We're continuing to still ramp up our activities and we -- but we're going to have significantly more rigs working by the end of the year than we have working now. But Scott, I think it would be a little speculative to go exactly how many rigs and exactly where they'd be located. But I think that you'll see, for the rest of the year, that we will have some rigs working in both those areas, with an increased rig count.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, when you say -- I mean just as sort of a ballpark, when you say significant there, are you saying maybe like doubling the rig count from where you're at right now? Is that sort of -- kind of a ballpark rate?
John Richels: That's certainly very possible, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Sheppard [ph] with Simmons & Company.
Unknown Analyst: I'm just wondering, to what extent has ethane rejection led to the Mid-Con basis maybe coming in weaker relative to other parts of the country and subsequently driving the weakness at corporate level you all had in gas realizations in 2Q?
David A. Hager: I'm not sure I understood the question. Could you repeat it, please?
Unknown Analyst: So with ethane rejection, I mean, is -- the fact that ethane's not going into the liquid stream, moving back into the dry gas stream, is that at all exacerbating the problem that you're seeing in the Mid-Con? Or is it strictly just higher gas production that's driving that? I'm just asking what …
David A. Hager: Okay, thank you. That probably has a little bit of an impact, but not a lot of impact, I don't think. Our view is that there's probably somewhere around 200 million to maybe 300 million of additional volume, primarily in the Mid-Continent, as a result of ethane being rejected. And as you very well know, ethane prices in Conway have been down to $0.02, $0.03 a gallon. So there has been some rejection there. But the overall impact, while there is some, I think, that's very, very minor based on what we can tell.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, that's great. On the Mitz Line [ph], the new acreage, can you disclose the price that you paid per acre there?
John Richels: In areas where we're still looking at prospective acreage acquisitions, we generally decline to get real specific.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, that's fine. And I've just got a couple more. Exploration CapEx, up pretty substantially quarter-over-quarter. Can you give us a little bit more visibility on the progression of that through the end of the year?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: 21 This is Jeff. That was -- we closed a lot of our acreage acquisitions in the second quarter. So that would be flowing through the exploration capital. And we indicated on our last quarterly call that we did expect Q2, the second quarter, to be very lumpy with regard to acreage acquisitions. And as David indicated, our capital program is more front-end loaded this year.
Darryl G. Smette: Particularly with regard to acreage, that's when we picked up the Cline Shale acreage, a lot of the Mississippian acreage and so that's what you saw the impact of.
John Richels: I know you know this, but I will just remind you, as Dave pointed out, that from a reporting point of view, we acquired this additional acreage. We brought in more than 100% of a lot of this acreage and that doesn't get netted out from a reporting perspective. So that skews the capital numbers a little bit because you don't see what the money that we're taking in on the other side.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And just one more, in the Midland-Wolfcamp and Cline areas where you executed the new JV, beyond 2012, what do you think the rig ramp might look like there? How many gross wells do you think you can drill in each of those regions going forward?
Darryl G. Smette: Well, we, obviously, need to see results first. And so it's somewhat speculative to -- at this point, to go too far out. But you can see, when you put together an acreage position of 650,000 acres like we have on this, we have anticipated a fairly aggressive ramp-up, if the results continue to perform as we expect and as we've seen. So I would see that -- I'm not going to give you an exact number here but -- because the economics are potentially very strong, you can anticipate a pretty strong ramp-up of rigs as we move into 2013. And of course, we'll be discussing that with our new partners, and they're -- Sumitomo, and they're anticipating this as well.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And what's a good well cost to use in those regions? What have you seen there in terms of gross well cost?
John Richels: Yes, gross well costs that we're using in the Wolfcamp Shale, we see on the order of around $6 million or so -- $6.5 million or so, in the Midland Basin so far. And very similar well cost that we've seen out in the Cline as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: On the JV acreage, could you guys clarify how much production are you conveying with the deal?
John Richels: It's minimal. Current production is less than 500 barrels a day that we'd be conveying.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just more strategically, if we're trying to look at 2013 from a high level given the commentary around NGL expectations from a pricing perspective and some of the results from some of the newer exploration areas, should we, one, assume that spending will be within cash flows net of deal proceeds? And with that, would we expect just more -- incrementally more capital allocation to the MF Line [ph] into the Permian and away from plays like the Barnett and Cana, and perhaps the Utica, Michigan area?
John Richels: Brian, let me take a shot at that. Obviously, we're early going into our 2013 planning so we haven't kind of crystallized all of that. We are in the position that we can take some of those proceeds that we got from our offshore and reinvest them into onshore project. All things being equal, though, as Dave has already said, we're reducing our rig count in places like the Barnett and Cana, and moving them more into these light oil places because of the economics. But I do want to make the point that, in the liquids-rich portions of the Cana and the Barnett, we still get some pretty darn good returns. When you're looking forward from this point, doesn't really matter what gas prices are for '12 anymore. We're really looking at 2013 prices for all of our capital activities. And if you take a $3.75 Henry Hub price next year, which I think is pretty close to what Wall Street is using and very close to the Strip as well so we're all in the same ballpark. Once you take into consideration our midstream uplift, and even at a 31% NGL realization, we're seeing a low-20s rate of return in the Barnett and an almost 30% rate of return in the Cana. So there are portions of those 2 plays that still make a lot of sense to the point that we can -- if we're going to focus in those best areas, we're going to move some of those rigs on to some of these new oil plays where we really have a whole lot of expectation and potential for the future. And the other question, living within cash flow, again, over the last couple of years, we have taken some of those proceeds from the offshore and have reinvested them in rebuilding or changing -- adding significantly to our light oil potential in the company. We've done a lot of that and my guess is we're -- while we have the capacity to do it, with some uncertainty on the commodities pricing side, we'll just have to be careful as we go into next year to make that final determination of how much we're going to spend. I think that it's kind of early, but my guess is, we'll be trending towards our cash flow.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I guess you're still saying that you might use some of the, I guess, the $7 billion that you still have to fund some opportunities, even if it were to exceed your cash flow levels, or no?
John Richels: Well, I think not to the extent we have, but we still have that capacity if we want to. I mean, we've added a lot and, as I was saying earlier, when you got a million net acres and a couple of highly perspective oil plays, we've got a lot of running room on those plays already, so we're pretty happy with what we've put together to this point in time.
Vincent W. White: This is Vince. I'd add that the 2 JVs that we've entered into will allow us to get a lot more activity out of any given capital spend. So we could achieve similar results of developing our core development plays, while evaluating acreage and exploration plays with a reduced amount of capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Going back to the Cline, can you estimate the impact of both cost and IPs that you think slick water would have relative to the Stroman Ranch well you highlighted? And then can you also talk about when you would plan to move drilling more meaningfully to the northeast within your acreage?
Darryl G. Smette: Well, about -- they're improvement costs but not a significant reduction in costs, relative in the overall well cost going to slick water. We can't say for certain how much improvement there will be going to slick water, but we have certainly seen in the Wolfcamp Shale that the -- going to slick water is a cleaner frac and we've seen much better results in the Wolfcamp Shale and operators have gone to slick water, primarily in the Wolfcamp Shale. We think the Cline is very similar and we know that some other operators also have recently moved to slick waters there also and it appears they're getting better results. So we need to actually complete the well to know for sure. But we're very optimistic that, based on all the other results we've seen in that area, we're going to see a pretty significant improvement. And again, we've just drilled one well on 650,000 acres, so far. So it's so early on. We're just very confident that we're going to be in a range based on the other wells that we've seen drilled in the area. And we are going to be moving some of the rigs off to the northeast to test some of that acreage as well later this year. So as I said, we're going to be moving the rigs around the acreage to get a good handle on what the overall prospectivity of various parts of the acreage position are.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then, going over to the Utica, how committed are you to acreage retention in 2/3 of your Utica acreage in the oil window? And do you see any differences in characteristics in the Knox County well versus the first 2 wells?
David A. Hager: Well, we're committed to economics. And we were committed to really drilling wells that are going to meet our economic thresholds. And the first 2 were disappointing, but it was on the far northwestern part of our acreage. We do see some -- because we are essentially very near the original well where we took a core in, that appeared to have good thermal maturity and good permeability, we are somewhat more optimistic in this well than we were the previous 2 wells. But even more so, as we move to the east with our additional drilling activity that we're going to be doing throughout the rest of the year, probably drill about 5 more wells for the rest of the year. We're going to be moving more where the rest of the industry activity is. And so that part of the acreage is probably even more prospective.
John Richels: And then, Brian, and the other thing is a couple of these plays, like that one and that portion of the play, we always said this was highly exploration in nature because there wasn't a lot of experience by the industry. And it's one of the reasons why we got in there and acquired our acreage for a few hundred dollars an acre rather than thousands an acre. So this is something that -- as Dave has correctly pointed out, we're going to be driven by economics on this thing, not by desire to hold acreage if it's not making sense in any portion of any play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with S&B.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just have a follow-up on the question on Ashland and Medina. Have those 2 wells condemned the area? Or are you going to go back and try some different things further down the road?
John Richels: Well, those 2 wells were not encouraging in that immediate area. And it's exploration, you always have to drill more wells and as each one you drill, you may learn some more things that could or could not make the acreage there work. But the first 2 wells were not encouraging, so we just -- we need to get more well results in and perhaps with additional well results will give us a reason to go back there. But we're not focused in that area right now.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: But do you think it was the frac or the geology that failed on you?
John Richels: We think it's geology.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, so it's the geology. Another question I had, can you update us on the offshore cash? I mean, you've talked about it before. And also, would you have any appetite to look at international shales, outside of North America, given you've got a war chest outside of the U.S.?
John Richels: Just an update, Bob, on the offshore cash. We have all but a few hundred million dollars of the $7 billion, is sitting offshore at this point in time. And so that hasn't really changed a whole lot since we talked to you before. As far as looking internationally, we're never close-minded about it but we have just repositioned the company to take advantage of our expertise and our portfolio in North America, and we've got an awful lot of really exciting opportunities ahead of us. And with the things that we've added recently, I think we really want to get more into that and really understand the potential and develop this big asset-base that we've got here before we start thinking of those other things. But you know us, we're never close-minded about anything. But right now, I have to tell you we're not looking internationally because we really have a whole lot on our plate here that we think is going to provide us a lot of drilling opportunities for a long time.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about Canadian asset sales? And I think you guys had mentioned at the Analyst Day, you could potentially shed some assets up there. Can you talk about where you're at in that process?
John Richels: David, as Dave said earlier, we're doing -- we've done a fair bit of exploration work here over the last little while. I think we're still evaluating our position in Canada. We've got some -- we've had some optimistic results, I think, on some of the acreage and we're just not ready to make a call like that at this point in time.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then let me take my follow-up to a different direction. Can you talk about -- there's rumors that you guys were drilling up near Abilene, and you got a trace, and not necessarily a Cline or Wolfcamp, but a Mississippian-type formation, can you give us any -- or Mississippian H formation, can you give us some color on that?
John Richels: No. We can't give you any color on that at this point.
Vincent W. White: All right. Well, I show the top of the hour. So thank you for participating in our call today, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent W. White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David A. Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey A. Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Midstream
Analysts: Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everybody, to today's first quarter 2012 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow the usual format. I'll start with a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his overview. Then Dave Hager, Head of Exploration and Production, will provide the operations update. And following that, our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Agosta, will finish up with a review of our financial results. We'll conclude with a Q&A period, and as usual, we'll ask you to keep your questions limited to one and one follow-up, and we'll hold the call to about an hour. Also with us today is Larry Nichols, our Executive Chairman, as well as other members of Devon's senior management team to help out with the Q&A session. A replay of this call will be available today later on through a link on our homepage. As usual, our call will contain some forward-looking estimates. And we will be refining some of those in our call today, but we are not planning to issue a new 8-K. We will, however, post those changes to the guidance page of our website. To find that, just click on the Guidance link found in the Investor Relations portion of the Devon website.  Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always strive to give you the very best information possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. We urge you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that we provide in our SEC Form 10-K filing, provided that is. Also in today's call, we'll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide related disclosures. Those are also available on the Devon website.  The First Call mean estimate for Devon's earnings for the first quarter was $1.43 per share. However, at the midpoint of the guidance we provided, you would've expected our first quarter earnings to come in at $1.35 a share or $0.08 below The Street estimates. However, our actual first quarter non-GAAP results came in at $1.05 per share or $0.30 below our guidance. This was most almost entirely due to unusually wide differentials on Canadian oil and U.S. NGLs. Jeff will cover both of these, as well as our expected future price differentials in detail later in the call. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Although, as Vince mentioned, wide differentials had a significant negative impact on earnings, we delivered another very solid quarter from an operational perspective.  Our North American onshore production reached an all-time record, averaging 694,000 equivalent barrels per day in the first quarter. This represents a 10% increase over the year-ago quarter and that was led by a 26% growth in oil production. On a sequential quarter basis, a 7% increase in oil and NGLs production more than offset a 1% decrease in natural gas production.  We continue to bolster our future oil potential by assembling significant acreage positions in additional new oil plays, and we continue to do a very good job of controlling costs. Pretax costs -- or pretax cash costs per unit of production increased only 1% from the last quarter of 2011. And even in an environment of weak commodity prices, we delivered net earnings of $393 million and cash flow of $1.4 billion.  Devon's financial position remains rock solid. We ended the quarter with the $7.1 billion of cash on hand, and we continue to have one of the lowest debt-to-cap ratios in the industry. This financial strength is especially important given current natural gas prices. The economics of drilling dry gas wells are unattractive, and reduced cash flow from lower pricing makes sustaining investment and higher-margin oil- and liquids-rich gas more difficult for many. Our financial strength allows us to continue to fund a robust E&P capital program directed entirely towards oil- and liquids-rich opportunities. The economics of these projects are enhanced by low royalties, reasonable operating costs and by our midstream operations. In aggregate, our 2012 drilling activity will deliver oil production growth in excess of 20% and double-digit growth in NGLs. And more importantly, the projects driving this growth are delivering very attractive rates of return.  Even if the current pricing environment were to persist indefinitely, our existing base of oil- and liquids-rich projects provides us many years of profitable growth. To put this into perspective, roughly half of our 16.2 billion barrels of risked resource is oil and NGLs, with crude oil accounting for nearly 5 billion barrels of this total resource. So our resource base provides the ability to shift investment to the most lucrative opportunities depending on market conditions.  Our solid financial position is also allowing us to aggressively build up the light oil portion of our inventory. We've been very successful in adding significant oil-focused acreage positions at very attractive entry cost. Our biggest addition is our recently unveiled Cline Shale oil play to the 500,000 net acre position that we've assembled in the Permian Basin and that was assembled at very reasonable cost. We're also building a large, concentrated position in another oil prospect that's not yet ripe for disclosure. As of today, we have commitments for or have closed on 250,000 net acres in this undisclosed position, with an ultimate target of about 500,000 net acres. Our new ventures unit is well-staffed, and it's adequately funded to continually evaluate greenfield opportunities across North America, as well as to identify untapped potential on our existing acreage base.  As 2012 progresses, you'll see more of the fruits of these efforts. Due to the significant success that we're enjoying in identifying and capturing resource potential, we are open to taking on partners to help us develop our new exploration plays. While we could easily pursue these opportunities on our own, bringing in a partner enhances our overall risk-reward profile. As evidenced by our $2.5 billion Sinopec transaction, joint ventures offer the opportunity to accelerate activity, improve capital efficiency and mitigate risk. And most importantly, this type of transaction supports our primary strategic objective of maximizing cash flow per debt adjusted share. The combination of our financial strength, our low-risk development inventory and our growing new ventures portfolio underpin our oil production growth. As a result, in our view, Devon provides a differentiated opportunity for investors in the E&P space. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed review of our operating highlights. Dave?
David A. Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Given the in-depth update we provided just a month ago at our Analyst Day, I'll keep my comments fairly brief this morning. Let's begin with a quick recap of first quarter capital expenditures. E&P capital for the first quarter was $1.6 billion, including undeveloped acreage acquisitions. Operationally, we're off to an outstanding start this year with record production from each of our 4 cornerstone developed product areas: Jackfish, the Permian Basin, the Barnett and Cana. We also continue to move forward with evaluating and derisking the upside potential in our various emerging and new ventures plays.  Now let's take a closer look at some of the first quarter highlights. Starting with our thermal oil projects in Eastern Alberta, aggregate production from our 2 producing Jackfish projects averaged a record 46,000 barrels per day, net of royalties, in the first quarter. Jackfish 1 accounted for 30,000 barrels per day as its total, and continued its trend of excellent plant reliability and efficiency. At Jackfish 2, production continues to ramp up, and we're currently producing more than 21,000 barrels per day after royalties. We continue to expect to reach facility capacity at Jackfish 2 somewhere around year end. Jackfish 3 construction is also progressing well, with roughly 30% of the project complete, putting us on track for a late 2014 start-up.  At Pike, we wrapped-up our winter drilling program during the first quarter. We drilled 131 stratigraphic core wells and acquired some 50 square miles of 3D seismic. Although we're still working with our partner to finalize the Pike 1 development plan, we expect to file an application for regulatory approval for the first phase of Pike late this summer for a project of up to 105,000 barrels per day of production. We operate Pike with a 50% working interest. Between Jackfish and Pike, we expect these projects to drive Devon's net thermal oil production to more than 150,000 barrels per day by the end of the decade.  Moving now to Permian Basin. Our total net production averaged a record 56,300 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter, up 28% over the first quarter of 2011. Permian oil production grew 32% over the same period last year, and light oil now accounts for nearly 60% of our total volumes. Our Permian oil play is currently represents some of the highest return opportunities in our portfolio. Since year-end, we have continued to ramp up activity with the addition of 5 new rigs. We currently have a total of 21 operated rigs running in the basin, and expect to add additional rigs by year-end.  Looking at a couple of Permian plays in a bit more detail. First, in the Bone Spring play, we continue to see outstanding results from our Bone Spring horizontal program in both New Mexico and Texas. In the first quarter, we completed 16 Bone Spring wells with an average 30-day IP rates of 580 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our actual results in this play continue to outperform our analog well model.  In the Wolfcamp Shale in the southern Midland Basin, we're continuing to fine-tune our drilling and completion techniques. We brought 2 Wolfcamp horizontal wells online in the first quarter, with 30-day average IP rates of 440 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Perhaps even more exciting is the result of a Wolfcamp horizontal well we drilled on our Wolfberry acreage in Ector County. This well is located some 80 miles to the Northwest of the southern Midland Basin, where the Wolfcamp play has been heating up. After 20 days of production, the Everett [ph] 17H is producing about 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. While additional mapping and drilling is needed to better characterize the resource potential, our well, combined with another recent industry well in the area, suggests the horizontal Wolfcamp Shale play could extend to the Northwest. This would significantly increase our resource potential in the play.  As we mentioned during our recent Analyst Day, there are many uncharacterized zones underlying our Permian acreage, and this is one example. We will keep you updated as we learn more. During our recent Analyst Day presentation, we also unveiled a large position that we have established in the Cline Shale on the Eastern flank of the Midland Basin. We are currently drilling a Cline well in Sterling County, the first of 15 wells we have planned for this year to assess our potential in the play. The depth and breadth of our existing Permian position is driving our Permian production growth rate at a rate of more than 20% per year. In addition, we are continuing to supplement this position by aggressively pursuing new opportunities in the Permian.  Moving now to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma. In spite of a temporary third-party facility outage that reduced our first quarter production by about 4 million cubic feet equivalent per day, as well as a large increase in uncompleted wells due to pad drilling, Devon still achieved an all-time production record at Cana. First quarter 2012 production increased 67% over the year-ago quarter and 8% over the fourth quarter of 2012. First quarter Cana liquids production grew even more, up 80% over the year-ago quarter, to 3,500 barrels of oil and 9,500 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. Also of note at Cana, we recently finished drilling our first 10,000-foot lateral, and expect to begin a 20-stage completion on this well later this year. We are currently drilling a second long lateral well in Cana. These wells will cost on the order of 20% to 30% more than a typical Cana-Woodford well. However, we expect to see an increase in per-well recoveries in the 60% to 80% range, further enhancing our Cana economics.  Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas. In the first quarter, we continue to achieve excellent results with pad drilling. We brought 25 wells online from our Lake Benbrook pad, with 30-day average IP rates of 4.9 million equivalent feet of production per day, including 330 barrels per day of natural gas liquids. This helped drive first quarter net production from the Barnett to a record 1.37 Bcf equivalent per day. This included 52,500 barrels of liquids per day, up 23% from first quarter 2011.  Moving north to the Texas Panhandle. In the Granite Wash Play, we continue to see solid results from our Cherokee and Granite Wash wells. We brought 6 operated Granite Wash wells online during the first quarter. The 30-day IP rates from these wells averaged over 1,650 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 220 barrels of oil and 470 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. On the exploration front, we recently closed a Sinopec JV and continue to move forward with the de-risking of the 5 plays involved. Given the recent in-depth update provided at our Analyst Day, we have very little today in the way of incremental information. However, I will briefly review the current status for each of these opportunities. In the Mississippian oil play, located in North Central Oklahoma where the partnership has assembled 230,000 net acres, we are encouraged with the results of our first well. The Matthews 1H had a 30-day IP rate of 590 oil equivalent barrels per day, and is among the best wells reported in the play to date. We currently have 2 rigs running and 2 wells completing. We expect to drill or participate in roughly 50 wells on this acreage by year-end. It including tests of additional formations.  In our Rockies oil exploration, as we previously indicated, we're testing a number of objectives in the Powder River and DJ Basins. Our first well in the Turner formation had a 30-day IP rate of 433 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We're currently drilling wells, testing 2 additional formations, the Mowry in the Powder River Basin, and the Codell in the DJ Basin. In the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, we drilled our first 2 wells in the southern portion of our acreage position. As discussed during our recent update, results of the first 2 wells were somewhat disappointing. We have since moved our 2 operated rigs north and have 2 wells currently drilling and a third well that is roughly halfway through completion operations. These 3 wells will be the first to test our northern acreage position.  In Michigan, we are currently completing our first horizontal well in the A1 carbonate. We also just finished setting casing on our second well, the Wiley 1H, and we should begin completing that well in a couple of weeks. As we have previously indicated, the A1 is a highly pressurized zone with a significant fracture system, so understanding how these characteristics impact commerciality will be key going forward.  And finally, in Ohio, Utica, we just completed our first horizontal well, the Eichelberger 1H in Ashland County. We are now beginning to flow the well back. In addition, we drilled a second well that's awaiting completion and are currently drilling our third well in the play. We should have all 3 wells online by the end of the second quarter.  So in summary, our 2012 capital program is off to a great start. With record production in each of our 4 cornerstone development areas, we are poised to deliver outstanding liquids growth. We have a more than 20% growth in oil. We continue to see encouraging results from a number of our exploration plays, as well as efficiently capture new acreage positions that will provide the next leg of oil and liquids growth in the years ahead. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will take you through a brief review of the key drivers that shaped our first quarter results. For today's call, I will limit my comments to those items that require additional commentary that are outside our forecasted guidance range.  Starting with production. In the first quarter of 2012, our reported production totaled 63.1 million oil equivalent barrels or 694,000 BOE per day. This record result was at the high end of the forecasted range we provided in our fourth quarter call. As John said, this represented 10% growth rate over the first quarter of 2011, driven by a 26% increase in oil production. The Permian Basin, Jackfish, Cana-Woodford and Barnett Shale all delivered record production in the first quarter. Looking at the second quarter, we expect growth in the Permian Basin and Jackfish to boost oil production by about 5% sequentially and roughly 25% year-over-year. However, expected declines in natural gas production will limit our total second quarter production to a range of 685,000 to 695,000 BOE per day, so essentially flat with the first quarter.  Third and fourth quarter oil production will be up in spite of the impact of a scheduled plant turnaround at the Jackfish 1 facility. We expect overall top line growth in the second half of the year as oil, NGL volume growth outpace any declines we may have in natural gas production. For the full year, we remain very comfortable with our previous guidance range. We are on track to produce in the range of 253 million to 257 million BOE in 2012. This will be driven by oil and NGL production growth of nearly 20%, shifting our overall production mix to 40% liquids by year-end.  Looking at price realizations. As both Vince and John mentioned, unusually wide differentials had a significant impact on our first quarter results. In Canada, oil realizations came in at 61% of the WTI benchmark or a full 7 percentage points below the midpoint of our forecasted range. Weak refining margins as a result of mild winter weather and high refined product inventories led several refiners to simultaneously perform plant turnarounds. Concurrently, one of the major heavy oil refineries had an unscheduled outage. Finally, the first quarter start-up of a 130,000-barrel a day refinery that was converted to heavy oil ramped up much slower than we anticipated. As a result, Access Western Blend differentials widened from about $24 a barrel in January to more than $42 a barrel in March. Unfortunately, the wide March differentials persisted into April with Access Western Blend trading at roughly $42 a barrel under WTI. However, with many of the turnarounds complete and the converted refinery now running at capacity, that differential has come down to $26 in May. Also based on the first 2 trading days establishing June realizations, differentials to WTI are less than $20 now.  Looking ahead, we expect our Canadian oil price realizations to average 60% to 66% of WTI for the second quarter, and 62% to 68% for the second half of the year. Price differentials for natural gas liquids were also much wider than expected. In the first quarter, our NGL realizations came in at 34% of WTI benchmark prices, also about 7 percentage points below the midpoint of our guidance range. Several petrochemical plant turnarounds in the Gulf Coast region reduced first quarter ethane and propane demand in excess of 120,000 barrels per day. This represents roughly 10% of U.S. petrochemical demand for NGLs. Additionally, very low natural gas prices and high inventories of propane, as a result of the unusually warm winter, also put downward pressure on NGL prices. This weakness has extended into the second quarter, and we now expect our second quarter realizations to range between 32% to 38% of WTI. Late in the second quarter of this year, many of the petrochemical plants will complete their turnarounds and the conversion of an existing plant to ethane and propane feedstock will add up to 60,000 barrels per day of incremental demand. As a result, NGL realization should recover to the point where our second half 2012 NGL prices should average between 34% and 40% of WTI.  Looking briefly at our hedges. In the first quarter, our hedge position delivered cash settlements of $158 million. In total, these cash settlements enhanced Devon's average realized price by $2.50 per barrel, an uplift of 8% to company-wide realizations. Since our update at year-end, we have continued to bolster our hedge position for both oil and natural gas. On the gas side of the business, we increased our 2012 hedge position to approximately 1 Bcf per day. This represents about 40% of our expected production for the remainder of the year with a weighted average protected price of $4.42 per Mcf. The strong oil markets have also provided a good opportunity to add attractive hedges. For 2012, we have 109,000 barrels per day hedged, or about 70% of forecasted production with a weighted average floor price of $95 per barrel. For 2013, we have 72,000 barrels per day hedged with various swaps and costless collars. Of this amount, 31,000 barrels were swapped at a weighted average price of $104, with the balance collared at a weighted average ceiling of $117 and a floor of $91. If you would like more details on our hedging position, please visit the guidance section of our website that Vince referenced earlier.  Turning now to our marketing and midstream operations. Our first quarter operating profit totaled $112 million, enhancing our company-wide margin by $1.78 per BOE. Looking ahead, downtime related to an expansion of our Gulf Coast fractionators facility in Mont Belvieu will limit our midstream operating profit to a range of $70 million to $90 million in the second quarter. Once this expansion is complete, we expect our midstream operating profit will rebound to a range of $110 million to $140 million per quarter in the second half of the year. However, based on the weakness we are seeing in the first half of the year, we now expect our marketing and midstream profit to be about $50 million below our previous guidance.  Moving to expenses. As John said, we continue to do a good job of controlling cost. Cash expenses were generally in line with our guidance. However, noncash DD&A came in at $680 million or $10.78 per barrel, about $0.13 above the high end of our guidance range. Over time, our DD&A rate continued to gravitate toward our average mining and development costs. With our current focus on higher returning, but higher cost oil projects, we expect our DD&A rate to migrate higher in upcoming quarters. In the second quarter, we expect our DD&A rate to range between $10.80 and $11 per barrel.  Looking specifically at cash costs. Pretax cash costs in the first quarter totaled $13.80 per BOE, a 1% increase compared to last quarter. By achieving significant scale in core operating areas, coupled with our consistent focus on cost management, we are positioned with one of the better cost structures in the industry. This is especially impressive given our shift to more oil projects, which are generally more expensive to produce. The final expense I will touch on is income taxes. After backing out the items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates, our adjusted first quarter 2012 income tax rate was 32% of pretax earnings. The adjusted rate is comprised of a 3% current rate and a 29% deferred rate, right in line with our guidance. In today's earnings release, we have provided a table that reconciles the effects of items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates.  I'll conclude with a quick review of our financial position. In the first quarter, our operating cash flow before balance sheet changes totaled $1.4 billion. On a per share basis, cash flow increased 3% compared to the first quarter of 2011. Early in the second quarter, with the closing of the Sinopec transaction, we received roughly $900 million in cash. As we stand today, our cash and short-term investments totaled $7.7 billion and our net debt is just $2.5 billion. Pro forma for the close of this transaction, our net debt to cap at the end of the first quarter was less than 12%. Clearly, from a balance sheet and liquidity perspective, we remain exceptionally strong. At this point, I'll turn the call back to John. John?
John Richels: Thanks, Jeff. Well, in summary folks, while the first quarter earnings were negatively impacted by unusually low price realizations, our positive operating results reflect the continued execution of our business plan. We delivered year-over-year oil production growth of 26%. We were very successful in bolstering our drilling activity with significant oil-focused leasehold capture. We comfortably funded our robust capital program while maintaining a strong financial position. We did a very good job of controlling costs in a rising industry cost environment, and as we've said many times in the past, we remain fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our cash flow growth on a per debt adjusted share basis. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Vince for our Q&A.
Vincent W. White: Operator, we are ready to take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jessica Chipman with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Thank you for all the color on NGL pricing. I have one question related to that. At the Analyst Day, you showed Barnett returns at about 17%, assuming $250 gas, $100 oil and NGL realizations at 47% of WTI, can you talk about how your returns are impacted by lower NGL realizations that we're seeing today? And is there any chance you would rethink your Barnett plans until NGL realizations improve?
John Richels: Jessica, we have taken a look at it. And then I guess, the quick answer is, we won't change our view as long as the economics remain positive. We did just stress test. That was actually subsequent to our Analyst Day, we stress tested both the Barnett and Cana, because they're both liquids-rich gas projects, for our ongoing capital allocations. And of course, when we're doing that, probably goes without saying, what we're really looking at is a program moving forward and a drilling program moving forward, and that's more dependent on 2013 prices than it is where we are today. But just to run some sensitivities, I'll give you a few numbers here. At a $2 realized price, so let's get back to what we're actually getting, rather than these benchmark prices. The $2 realized price and about a $33 realized natural gas liquids price, and if you factor in the midstream uplift that we get, which of course is integral to those operations, so we have to consider both of them, we see a high-teens rate of return in the Barnett Shale and somewhere around the mid-20s rate of return in Cana, which in either case, is way above our cost of capital, obviously. If you look at next year and think about what the -- and by the way, we don't think that the $2 realized price was what we're going to see in 2013 and beyond, but we did that to get a sensitivity. If you look at 2013 and prices that are probably more realistic, and take for example, a $3 realized price, now that would be just about where the strip is today. I think the strip's about $3.50 or something, so a $3 realized price is probably pretty close. And again, a $33 NGL price, with the midstream uplift, that gets you to about a 20% rate of return in the Barnett, and close to 30% rate of return in Cana. So we're still pretty comfortable with those kinds of rates of return, particularly with the scale that we have in those plays. But we're constantly looking at that because with our deep portfolio, we can move our funds around to where we can make the most money for our shareholders, and so we're always watching that.
Jessica Chipman - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. Just a second question to you on capital spend. It looks like the run rate based on Q1 spend is actually lower than your total 2012 capital budget. Is there any chance you think you might be able to keep CapEx below budgeted levels?
Vincent W. White: Well as John says, we're constantly looking at the results of our budget, and it's certainly possible. But I'd point out that we've been assembling some large acreage positions that will hit principally in the second quarter. So we think, right now, we're still running about true to our forecast for capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Kistler with Simmons & Company.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Following up real quickly on that acreage comment and tying into your Analyst Day where you indicated you'd like to increase your position into this line. Is it safe for us to assume that, that's where that capital is being deployed that Vince just mentioned? And any indications you could give us around price per acre in that play would be very helpful.
Vincent W. White: Yes, first, it's not safe to assume, while we would like to increase our position in the midst, we have not disclosed where those incremental acreage acquisitions are. And any place that we want to increase our acreage position, we aren't really willing to talk about specific transactions and the cost trends in that acreage.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, sorry. I had to give it a try. And then just looking at the Wolfcamp results on the Avid [ph] 17H well, can you talk a little bit about cost and design and where that's targeted over time?
David A. Hager: Yes, hi Dave, this is Dave Hager. This is a -- to give you an idea on cost, and again, this is the first well that we've drilled over in our Wolfberry area. This is actually, in the what we call our Odessa South area of the Midland Basin. It's really, geographically, if you want to know where that's located, it's in the far southeast corner of Ector County, and that well looks like it's going to cost somewhere around $5 million or so. It looks like we're going to have probably on the order -- it's very early, so it's really, we only have about 20 days or so. But we're estimating somewhere around 300,000 barrels net EUR on that. And we have, in that particular well, completed it in the Wolfcamp B interval. That's really where much of the activity has taken place with the industry. We have in back in our main core Wolfcamp shale, we have completed some in the Wolfcamp A, as well as some in the, we think the C and D zones also in our perspective. But we played it conservative with this first well. It's 80 miles away from our production state in the Wolfcamp B.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And any just color on lateral length frac stages, and then where that cost could trend?
David A. Hager: I don't have, I don't think, the number of frac stages sitting in front of me right now. But we've completed, I believe very similarly to how we did our other Wolfcamp Shale wells. So I think, again, that we're still on, very much on the learning curve on our Wolfcamp Shale wells. It was a 3,800-foot horizontal on that particular well. But we're still -- I would have to lump that in with the rest of the Wolfcamp Shale. But we're still on the learning curve, and we showed at the Resource Update how we're continuing to improve on the cost side of it. And we stated there, we think the key is to get out as far laterally as we can, 7,000-foot plus on the lateral length. And so this is really encouraging results, I think, given that this is only 3,800-foot lateral, and future wells with experience in this area maybe even to be able to take out significantly further and get even better EURs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just following up on that question on the Wolfcamp well in Ector County, when you got into the interval itself, into the Wolfcamp B, how did geologic characteristics there compare with what you have seen in the wells you've drilled 80 miles away to the Southeast?
David A. Hager: Well, we think it drilled and completed very similarly to what we saw to the Southeast.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So is it your view then that the bulk of kind of what you have in between, which I know is a bit more focused on the Southeast, it is going to be perspective, and or do you see any differences based on what you've seen so far?
David A. Hager: Well, it's a 6-inch hole 80 miles away, so there's a lot of ground in between. So there's -- we're certainly encouraged, I think, as I said in my comments, we need to do more study. And we need to drill some more wells, but we're certainly very encouraged by our initial well. And that it could add a significant new Wolfcamp resource on our Wolfberry acreage. But again, this is the first well. So I don't want over-characterize this, but it's certainly encouraging, what we've seen so far.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's fair. Is that well on pump at this time?
David A. Hager: No.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then separately on the CapEx trajectory, how should we expect the next couple of quarters here relative to the, I guess, $2.1 billion or so that showed up in the cash flow statement for CapEx. You highlighted I think earlier that you should see acreage acquisitions pick up here in the second quarter. But when we think about the next few quarters, should we see similar trends or higher trends overall relative to Q1?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Brian, it's Jeff. We would expect to see a little bit more lumpiness in the second quarter, but more of a, more normalized in the third and fourth quarter, consistent with what we saw in the first.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then lastly, on the Tuscaloosa, I think you mentioned you moved the rigs north here, testing a couple, 2 to 3 wells. Do you see any differences so far or even in your base case on the geological characteristics there versus the wells that you've drilled already in the South?
David A. Hager: Well, it's a little bit early, I think, to draw any conclusions to that. We do think that we're seeing some of that evidenced at the acreage to the North is, looks like it may be more -- a little bit more frac-able. But again, this is very early, and we're talking about just a very few number of wells across a multicounty area. So I would be hesitant, geologically, to draw too many conclusions till we get more data. But that's, if you want a very early indication, I can say that. But again, I don't consider that real definitive at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. Granite Wash, can you talk about what you're chasing there, and what zones do you hit for those, like you gave some numbers of 650 BOE, or 1,650 BOE?
David A. Hager: Well, we're chasing, primarily, the Cherokee and Granite Wash A with those completions. We do have additional potential in the deeper Granite Wash zones. We have quite a bit of a potential associated with those. The wells we're drilling right now are chasing primarily the Cherokee and the Granite Wash A.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on NGL pricing, and I don't know if it's Jeff, whoever answered the question about NGL, is there anything you can do on the hedge front? I mean, do you try to put on dirty hedges to protect that, or how do you go about doing that? If you choose to?
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl Smette. We really have not been very active on financially hedging our NGL position. And that typically has been what we perceive to be lack of liquidity in the NGL market. Now that might change as we go forward, as more NGLs come on the market. But right now, we think there's been lack of liquidity, so we think there's going to be a lot of variation. And we also look at the back end of, whether it's 1-year, 2-year or 3-year, we see a tremendous decrease in price in those outer years. So we have not been very active. Although we do have a few hedges in place on natural gas lean, but it's minor. So until we become comfortable, quite frankly, with the liquidity, and until we see what we believe are reasonable market prices in the outer years, we probably won't be very active in the financial hedges on NGL.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got a couple also. One on financials and I guess, the other operational. Just on the hedging, it looks like you guys have been really very successful in being able to lure in additional gas hedges at pretty attractive prices, considering where the strip is. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit of a color as to what was going on there in terms of, are you doing something different? Or is it still a fairly liquid market? What is the mechanism whereby you've been able to continue to lock in those prices, and I have an operational follow-up, please.
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl again. I'd like to say, we're just great, but I think, no probably, we're probably just a little bit lucky. What we try to do is anticipate where the markets are going to go, and recognize there's going to be a lot of volatility and that volatility may allow for some prices to be there for a short period of time so that people that are looking at it all the time. But we typically would do will become comfortable with the prices that we're willing to accept, and we give approval to our people who are watching this 24/7. And so when the prices for whatever period of time, they're on the screen and we can commence transactions, they're prepared with approval to do that. So we try to plan ahead. We give our people authorizations. We have people manning the screens 24/7, so we feel pretty good that when they're only there for a period of time, we're able to do something, because there's nothing magic in it other than that, Doug.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So these are pretty clean swaps and callers. There's no call sales or any front-line going on?
Darryl G. Smette: We have a few calls for 2013, 2014 on oil that I think are $120 for about, I don't know, 10,000 barrels a day. And I think $5 on the gas side, which allowed us to lock in a $450 price for 2013 on gas. But that's all the calls that we have going forward.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So a very minor amount.
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, very minor amount. We tend to-- we tend to play pretty straight with simple type of transactions you can do and try not to complicate it too much. Our experience has been when you try to complicate it too much, that it tends to confuse a lot of people, including us, sometimes. But it seems every time we get into some confusing types of transactions, we're always a little leery whether we really understand what we're doing, so we try to keep it pretty simple.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, thanks for the clarity. My operational follow-up is, I think David, you touched on a little bit of the exploration phase, but I wonder if I could just dig a little bit more into the Utica. Obviously, we're watching this very closely to see how your acreage play turns out. I'm just wondering if you could give us a kind of line of sight of what we can expect out of the Utica in terms of activity levels, well results and maybe clarify if you are still adding to your acreage position out there now.
David A. Hager: Yes, right now, we've drilled our -- as I said, our first well, and we're completing our first well started to flow back on the Eichelberger well. This is really on the Western side of Ashland County, which we believe is kind of right in the peak of the oil, the heart of the oil play, I would say. So -- and it is a significant test. And obviously, we recognize the oil part has some risk associated with it, but I went through on the Resource Update why we think we have good permeability and it has a good chance to work. The second well that we've drilled out there, the Richman Farms is a little bit to the Northeast, it's in Southwest Medina County. It's probably, from an oil standpoint, is probably not -- we don't anticipate it being in a lot different position than where the first well is. And then we're going to be -- the third well we're drilling is called the Sinsabaugh [ph] Well, and it's located significantly to the South there in far -- Southern Knox County or Northern Lincoln County in there. And it still, though, is going to be very much in the oil window. After we -- after those 3 wells, we're actually going to release that rig for some period of time. And then we're going to go back and pick up a higher horsepower rig that's required to drill our acreage a little bit further to the East, to which we think is closer to the liquids-rich window. And so we'll we picking up activity further to the East, more in Coshocton County, Guernsey County, it's in that area. And I might mention that we're also participating in the completion of a well where the intervest is operating the RHDK well that's in far Northwest Guernsey County and they're moving forward with the completion of that well. We are not, at this point, adding additional acreage. We want to see the results of what these wells are. We're happy with our position. Obviously, the further you move east then our acreage position becomes more liquid-rich, and probably a lower risk, but not necessarily the economics would work great if the oil window works well, and that's what we just need to find out for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Magner with Macquarie.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Can you give us a breakdown of the NGL mix and how much of that's been sold at Conway versus Mont Belvieu?
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl again. Just to give you an overall mix for Devon, we have about 8% to 10% of our NGLs in Canada. Have about 10% of our NGLs that are primarily in the Rocky Mountains that are marketed at Conway or sold at Conway. The rest, the other 80%, 82% whether that's Mid-Continent from Cana, Bridgeport, Northridge and most of our Permian Basin find a home in -- at Mont Belvieu. In terms of mix, we have about 57% to 58% of our product is ethane. About 23% or thereabouts is propane. The remainder is ISO normal and natural gasoline. We tend to be a little bit more ethane than a lot, or some of the other plays. A couple of reasons for that. One is that most of our facilities are rather new-facility cryogenic plants and they're very efficient, and therefore, we get a deeper cut on the ethane than a lot of the older plants that are either refrigeration or some of the cryo plants were put in place 10, 12 years ago. The second part of that is that, in some of our plays God just put more propane in our mix. So those are kind of the 2 drivers.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: And I guess, given some of those details, can you just give us, I guess, some outlook for what you all are seeing in terms of near-term prices and how market fundamentals between those 2 pricing points might change or evolve or improve in Mount Belvieu?
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, sure will. We really have not seen much change in the prices for the products through April and May. As we see a lot of the petrochemical plants come back online, and we do have the one conversion that's being put in place that Jeff talked about, the scale had about, I don't know 50,000, 60,000 barrels of demand. We expect we're going to start seeing the product prices increase both for propane and ethane. Probably not to the extent that we saw last year. Because of the very, very mild winter we have a tremendous buildup in propane supply. And probably 14 million, 15 million barrels more than we historically have. So we're probably going to see propane not rebound as fast as we're going to see some of the other products. We get to the end of the third quarter into the fourth quarter, we should see those product prices go up. As we look for the rest of the year, we're probably going to be somewhere in the 34% to 40% on a cumulative basis when you put all the products together. As we look into 2013, we have a number of fractionators that are coming on. And so we see product prices that are -- probably stay strong into the first half of 2013 as we get through the second have of 2013 into 2014 with all the additional frac coming on, with not a corresponding increase in petrochemical plant yet, we could be some -- under some pressure there, and we tried to model all of our projects with the -- a discount to NGL products as we get to the second half of 2013 and into '14.
Vincent W. White: Joe, this is Vince. I just might add that in line with what Darryl said, Jeff in the call modified our guidance for NGLs realizations for the second quarter to between 32% and 38% of WTI. And for the second half of 2012, 34% to 40% of WTI.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Yes, I picked up on those. I was just curious about some of the underlying changes there. In terms of new ventures, can you just, I guess, remind us how the Cline Shale differs or I guess is being categorized more of a development play versus exploration against some of the other, the 5 other new ventures programs?
Darryl G. Smette: Well, I don't know if I'd classify it as a pure development play, because there is obviously some risk associated with it. But some comments, there have been some other industry wells that have been drilled, primarily in Glasscock County just immediately to the West of a lot of our acreage position. And remind what I said at the Resource Update that a lot of those wells were drilled with 4,000-foot laterals where our models are built off of longer laterals on the order of 7,000, 7,500 feet. So we're anticipating higher EURs, higher IPs and higher EURs than what have been seen by the wells that have been drilled to date. But there are probably about 25 wells out there. So that gives you some confidence. And then if you look at it, there's probably been over 10,000 wells have been drilled through the Cline Shale for other intervals historically. And so that's given us a great deal of well control. But again, I don't want to mislead and say there's not risk. I think every time you enter one of these new plays, you have some risk associated with it, and that's another reason why we would consider also bringing in a partner on this play, but we really like the position, and we also see some prospectivity in other intervals. I won't go into a lot of detail on that, but we see prospects in other intervals, so it's more than just a pure Cline play.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Mateer with the Barclays.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Jeff, couple of questions for you on the balance sheet. I guess, first, if you can just remind us how much of that cash balance is offshore? And then second, on the debt side, your short-term debts continue to go up, as you guys have been spending cash flow, I know you still have a lot of cash, but what's the -- what's sort of the plan for the rest of the year with that short-term debt balance? Do you anticipate coming to the bond market? And I guess, related to that, can you just talk about your $750 million revolver drawer during the quarter?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Sure. I'll start with the last one first. As we were issuing commercial papers, we were approaching the $4 billion mark on commercial paper. We were finding that the incremental demand was harder and harder to find, so we elected to draw down a little bit on the revolver just to alleviate the pressure on our commercial paper program. This -- the other question about our cash balances, and I'm sorry, I'm jumping around here. I'm just doing by recall here, but the cash balance is -- the $7.7 billion that I mentioned in the call that we have now, most of that, about $6.8 billion is outside of the United States with the remainder a result of our closing of the Sinopec transaction in late April. We will be leaving that in a tax partnership account. I hate to get into all these details, but it's sitting in a tax partnership account that we'll leave there. And then later in the early third quarter, we will be pulling that, a large portion of that out and paying down short-term borrowing balances. And the extent of that will be close to $600 million, which is basically our basis in the assets that we contributed to the tax partnership with Sinopec. And then as far as our overall liquidity goes, I mean, we're continuously monitoring that, and it will depend upon -- any access to the bond market would depend upon spending levels and short-term funding needs. But we've got a tremendous amount of liquidity and an ability to fund our U.S. business without any problems at all.
Vincent W. White: At that -- this point, the question queue is empty, so we'll terminate the call. Thank you for participating.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent W. White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David A. Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey A. Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Midstream
Analysts: Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Robert S. Morris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to today's Year-End 2011 Earnings Call and Webcast. I'll begin today's call with a few preliminary housekeeping items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. John will provide an overview of our 2011 results and his thoughts on the year ahead; then Dave Hager, Head of Exploration and Production, will cover the operating highlights and the details of our 2012 capital program. And following that, Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer, will finish up with a review of our financial results. We'll conclude with a Q&A period, and as usual, we will tend to hold the call to 1 hour. Also with us today is Larry Nichols, our Executive Chairman, and other members of the Devon senior management team to help with the Q&A session. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage. In today's call, we'll be providing high-level guidance for 2012 capital, production and certain operating items. And as is our practice, after the call today, we will file an 8-K with all the detailed estimates for production by product category and geographic region, operating expense items and so forth as well as expected realized prices relative to benchmark oil, gas and NGL prices. The 8-K will also provide additional details of our 2012 capital plan. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always strive to give you the very best estimates possible, there are a lot of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from these estimates we're providing. A discussion of risk factors related to those estimates can be found in our SEC filing, that is, our 8-K that we'll file later today. Also in today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide certain related disclosures and those are available on the Devon website. Before I hand off the call, I want to officially announce that Devon will be hosting an analyst event in Houston. This is going to be half-day format on the morning of April 4. We'll provide an overview of Devon's corporate strategy, an update of the company's resource potential and inventory and provide an in-depth operational review of our key exploration and development projects. Invitations will be sent out in the next week or 2, I just wanted to let you know to save the date. Again, that will start the morning of Wednesday, April 4, at about 8 a.m. in Houston. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Richels: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. 2011 was another outstanding year for Devon. We delivered strong financial results driven by the solid execution of our operational plans and the very successful completion of our strategic repositioning. Net earnings climbed to an all-time record $4.7 billion for the year. Fourth quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $1.55 per diluted share, exceeding the First Call estimate by $0.07. Cash flow totaled $6.5 billion for the year, and coupled with the final proceeds from our strategic repositioning, cash inflows reached nearly $10 billion. In November, we concluded our $3.5 billion share buyback program, completing the repurchase of 11% of our outstanding shares. And I'll remind you, in total, over the past 8 years we've reduced our share count by over 20%. Production from our onshore North American asset base grew to an all-time record of 240 million equivalent barrels in 2011. Fourth quarter production increased 10% over the year-ago quarter, driven by an impressive 21% increase in oil and liquids production. Record production from each of our 4 core development areas, that's the Permian Basin, Jackfish, the Barnett and Cana, contributed to this strong liquids growth. In 2011, we continued to assemble high-impact positions across 5 oil and liquids-rich new venture plays. Subsequently, we entered into a joint venture with Sinopec, whereby they will invest $2.5 billion in exchange for 1/3 of our 1.4 million net acres in these plays.  And finally, excellent operating performance translated into another strong year of company-wide reserve growth, boosting year-end proved reserves to an all-time record 3 billion barrels equivalent. Looking more closely at our 2011 reserve activities, our drill-bit reserve additions, that's extensions, discoveries and performance revisions, totaled 386 million barrels and replaced 160% of our production for the year. With our 2011 program focused on oil and liquids-rich gas, our liquids reserve replacement rate reached 230%. This boosted oil and natural gas liquids to 42% of the company's total reserves, more than half of which is black oil. These results were achieved in spite of 2011 being a modest year for SAGD bookings. Significant oil reserve additions are expected from Jackfish 3 this year, and that will set up 2012 as another good year for company-wide reserve additions. Our total costs incurred for the year were $6.9 billion, including capitalized G&A and interest. Even though we invested $1.5 billion on unproved leasehold capture and exploration activity that did not add reserves in 2011 and more than $700 million on our SAGD projects, our F&D costs came in at less than $18 per BOE, a very competitive result. This is without reflecting the benefit of the $900 million in cash that we are receiving from Sinopec. It's worth noting that we achieved these results while decreasing our percentage of proved undeveloped reserves. In fact, Devon's PUDs account for just 26% of our total proved reserves at year end, down from 29% at the beginning of the year, which gives us one of the lowest PUD ratios in the industry. It's no surprise that gas, dry gas projects are increasingly challenged in our current environment. In 2011, we allocated over 90% of our E&P capital to oil and liquids-rich projects, and in 2012, virtually all of our capital will be directed to our oil and liquids-rich project areas. We've always believed that a balanced portfolio provides better risk-adjusted returns than one focused on either oil or gas. This philosophy has served us well as dry gas economics have eroded. Our diversified portfolio provided the opportunity to easily deploy capital to our deep inventory of oil and liquids-rich projects without having to abruptly shift our focus or overpay to establish new oil and liquids-rich projects.  When considering our capital allocation for 2012, we remain focused on optimizing our long-term growth per share adjusted for debt. We implement this philosophy by determining a right combination of E&P investments, debt reduction, share repurchases and dividend payments. In aggregate, we expect our full year 2012 E&P capital to decline to between $5.1 billion and $5.5 billion. Approximately 90% of this capital will be devoted to development projects translating into top line production growth of 6% driven by oil production growth in excess of 20% and double-digit production growth in NGLs. By the end of 2012, our liquids production will be 40% of our total production and some 60% of the total liquids will be oil. In addition to the development projects that drive this growth, we're allocating 10% of our capital to exploration activity in our various oil and liquids-rich plays. Although our 2012 capital budget includes about $225 million for routine leasehold acquisitions, it does not include any large-scale acreage acquisitions that we may identify throughout the year. And on that front, we're currently working on significant oil-focused opportunities to expand our footprint in current plays and also to establish new positions in plays that we're not yet prepared to talk about. The impact of our exploration program will be enhanced by our $2.5 billion agreement with Sinopec. This joint venture materially enhances our returns and improves our capital efficiency. Not only do we recover more than 100% of our costs to date per acreage in exploration drilling, the transaction also reduces our future capital outlays. In addition, it will allow us to accelerate activity in our new venture plays without diverting capital from our core development projects. And finally, the reduction in capital outlays gives us an additional financial flexibility to aggressively pursue new plays. Cash flow from operations and the cash that we will receive from the Sinopec joint venture will fund a robust capital program for 2012 without the need to issue equity or significantly increase debt. As a result, given our reduced share count in 2012, our top line growth of 6% should translate into approximately 10% growth in production per share. In addition to investing in our core business, we've got a -- we've had a long history of returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Today, I'm pleased to announce that we are increasing Devon's quarterly dividend by 18% to $0.20 per quarter. Since 2004, we have increased our dividend 7 times or a total of 800%. Going forward, we fully expect to continue to regularly increase our dividend. Also, since 2004, we reduced our share count by 20%. And while Devon's common stock continues to be a compelling value based on where we're trading today, for the time being we've decided against additional share repurchases. The oil plays that we're building and de-risking in 2012 should provide the opportunity to deploy significant quantities of capital in the future. These developing investment opportunities, combined with an extremely weak natural gas price environment, uncertainty in the world economic outlook and more than $6 billion of our cash held offshore, all suggest that maintaining a high degree of liquidity and financial flexibility makes sense. As we have in the past, we will continue to evaluate the merits of additional share repurchases as we go forward. In summary, Devon is well positioned to deliver highly competitive per-share growth. We remain intently focused on optimizing margins and maintaining our position as a low-cost producer. Our balance sheet remains in terrific shape, allowing us to invest in our business based on our long-term outlook. We maintain a disciplined approach of balancing resource development with resource capture to optimize the value of our portfolio. Our deep and diverse inventory of low-risk oil and liquids-rich development opportunities provides us ample opportunity to invest at very attractive rates of return in the current environment. Simultaneously, we're establishing and testing a wide array of exciting new resource plays. All of these factors position Devon to deliver many years of profitable growth. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager for a more detailed review of our operating highlights. Dave?
David A. Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a quick recap of 2011 capital expenditures for our exploration and development activities. E&P spending was $1.9 billion for the fourth quarter, exceeding the high end of our guidance range by approximately $400 million. This resulted from 2 opportunistic acreage acquisitions identified by our new ventures group that we closed in the fourth quarter. First, we purchased an additional 125,000 net acres in the Ohio Utica. A portion of those expenditures will be reimbursed through our Sinopec joint venture agreement. Second, we acquired undeveloped acreage in a promising new oil opportunity that we're not yet ready to disclose. As John mentioned, in 2012, we will continue to pursue acreage acquisitions in an opportunistic manner to build significant positions at reasonable costs. Shifting now to our fourth quarter operating highlights and 2012 plans, starting with our thermal oil projects in Eastern Alberta. Our fourth quarter daily production at Jackfish 1 averaged 31,400 barrels per day, net of royalties and continuing its excellent trend, the continuous trend of excellent plant reliability and efficiency. At Jackfish 2, we exited the year producing approximately 14,000 barrels per day, net of royalties. Production at Jackfish 2 will continue its ramp-up throughout the remainder of this year. In early December, we received regulatory approval for our third Jackfish project and began site clearing in January. Although field construction will not begin in earnest until spring once the land dries out, we are roughly 20% complete with the project as a result of our decision some 18 months ago to place orders for various long-lead-time components for the project. Plant start-up for Jackfish 3 is targeted for late 2014. At Pike, our SAGD oil sands joint venture, this winter's appraisal program is underway and should confirm the resource potential for a 105,000-barrel-per-day project for the first phase of the Pike development. This winter's drilling program consists of drilling over 100 stratigraphic test wells and acquiring 50 square miles of 3D seismic. We expect to begin the regulatory process for Pike as early as this summer. You may recall that we expect Pike to ultimately support additional phases of development before -- beyond this first phase. Devon operates Pike with a 50% working interest. In aggregate, we plan to spend approximately $800 million on our thermal oil sands projects in 2012. With the initial phase of Jackfish running near capacity and Jackfish 2 continuing to ramp up, we expect to grow our thermal oil production by 50% over 2011 to an average of over 50,000 barrels per day in 2012. We are on track to achieve our goal of growing our net SAGD oil production to between 150,000 to 175,000 barrels per day by 2020, representing a 17% to 19% compound annual growth rate through the end of the decade. On the exploration front in Canada, we continue to evaluate the oil and liquids-rich potential of numerous play types across our more than 4 million net acres. Our most encouraging results from our 2011 program came in at the Ferrier Area where we are targeting cardium oil. We drilled 8 wells in the area and saw 30-day IP rates as high as 940 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We were also encouraged by our early results in the Viking light oil play in Saskatchewan. We are still in the early stages of the evaluation of these and several other emerging liquids plays in Canada. We will continue this effort in 2012, spending approximately $350 million drilling some 90 exploratory wells. Moving now to the Permian Basin. Our total net production averaged over 53,000 oil equivalent barrels per day in the fourth quarter, up 19% over the fourth quarter of 2010. Permian oil and gas liquids production grew at 22% over the same period and, today, account for 75% of our total Permian volumes. At year end, we had 16 operated rigs running and have since added a 17th rig. And we plan to pick up 2 additional rigs over the course of the next month, bringing us to 19 operated rigs in the basin focused on drilling high-return oil opportunities. Devon was the first to apply horizontal drilling in shale in the early days of the Barnett. Today, we continue to leverage this expertise and are currently operating 15 horizontal rigs in the Permian, making Devon the most active horizontal driller in the basin. This reflects the large horizontal drilling opportunity set we have across our Permian position. These are light oil opportunities generating some of the best returns in our portfolio. Accordingly, in 2012, we expect to spend $1 billion and drill over 300 wells in the Permian. This includes 100 wells in the Wolfberry play, 80 in the Bone Springs, 75 in various conventional formations, 35 in the Wolfcamp Shale, 35 in the Delaware and 5 in the Avalon. In 2012, our Permian properties are expected to deliver 25% liquids production growth over 2011. We only recently began drilling on the 92,000-net-acre Wolfcamp shale position that we have established in the Southern Midland Basin. We brought 4 Wolfcamp Shale horizontal wells online in the fourth quarter, with the best well delivering a 24-hour IP of 935 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The results of our wells, combined with industry results around our position, give us confidence and consistent economic results in this play. We are continuing to fine-tune our drilling and completion techniques and have just finished drilling our first 7,100-foot lateral, which included a 30-stage completion. This well is just starting to flow back. We'll keep you posted and updated on our progress. Moving now to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma. Our Cana gas plant was back fully operational in December, following repairs of the damage incurred last May from a tornado. This helped us achieve our target exit rate for the Cana of 275 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Fourth quarter net production increased 83% over the year-ago quarter to a record 250 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, including 3,100 barrels of oil and 7,400 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. This significant liquids contribution, combined with our low acreage and royalty costs, enable us to generate strong full-cycle returns in the current commodity price environment. In 2012, we plan to invest some $870 million of capital and drill nearly 200 wells in Cana. Our Cana activity will be focused in the oil and natural gas liquids-rich portion of the core area. Liquids should represent almost 40% of the production stream generated by the 2012 capital program. Cana oil and liquids production is expected to grow over 85% to an average of 16,000 barrels per day in 2012. From a reserves performance perspective, Cana was a leading growth area for the company in 2011. Extensions, discoveries and performance revisions at Cana accounted for 160 million barrels of oil equivalent of additions. At year end, we had 328 million equivalent barrels booked in the Cana-Woodford. With almost 2 billion barrels equivalent of risked resource potential and more than 5,000 risked locations remaining, we expect Cana to deliver many more years of highly economic production and reserves growth. Shifting to the Barnett Shale Field in North Texas. In the fourth quarter, we brought 70 Barnett wells online and are continuing to see outstanding results from our drilling in the liquids-rich portion of the play. Our fourth quarter net production held steady at a record 1.32 Bcf equivalent per day, including 47,000 barrels of liquids per day. We continue to achieve excellent results in the Barnett with the pad drilling. In the fourth quarter, we brought a 22-well pad online with average IPs of 3.2 million cubic feet equivalent, including 175 barrels per day of natural gas liquids. In 2012, we plan to invest approximately $950 million of capital in the Barnett and drill approximately 300 wells. We currently have 12 operated rigs running, but plan to drop 2 of these rigs sometime in the second quarter. This decision was made in conjunction with the decision I mentioned earlier to add the 3 rigs in the Permian to focus on our extensive inventory of oil opportunities. Remarkably, even with a 10-rig program for a good part of the year, we still expect our Barnett liquids production to grow almost 15% over 2011 to an average of 53,000 barrels per day in 2012. From a reserve performance perspective, extensions, discoveries and performance revisions in the Barnett Shale accounted for 120 million barrels of additions, including 5 million barrels of positive performance revisions. This marks the eighth consecutive year of upward performance revisions in the Barnett that in aggregate total over 235 billion barrels equivalent. At year end, we had 1.15 billion barrels equivalent booked in the Barnett of which 86% is proved developed. On the exploration front. As John mentioned, the execution of the JV with Sinopec marks the beginning of a significant effort to de-risk these 5 new venture oil and liquids-rich plays. In the Mississippian oil play located North Central Oklahoma, the partnership has now secured approximately 230,000 net acres. We drilled our first vertical well in the second quarter of last year to gather data and have since drilled our first horizontal Mississippian producer, yielding very encouraging results. The Matthews 1H was brought online in the fourth quarter and achieved a 24-hour sustained IP rate of 960 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which greater than 80% was oil. Through the first 30 days of production, the well averaged 590 barrels of oil equivalent a day. These results are among the best reported in the play to date. And with an API gravity of around 40 and low sulfur content, this appears to be some of the best-quality crude oil in the lower 48. We are obviously very encouraged with these results and plan to drill or participate in approximately 15 Mississippian wells by year end. In the Niobrara, industry results to date have been mixed and somewhat challenged in some areas, but we are still in the early stages of evaluating our acreage. However, we recently completed our first well in the Turner formation on our Niobrara acreage with encouraging results. After being online for 22 days, the Waterbuck 2342 had averaged 427 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In addition to the Niobrara and Turner formations, we expect to drill Cordell, Mowry and Frontier wells in our Powder River and DJ Basin acreage this year. In total, we expect to have 35 wells drilled here by year end. In the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, we have completed our first 2 horizontal wells in the play. The Beech Grove 68H was a short-lateral horizontal and had a series of mechanical problems but still managed to deliver a 24-hour IP of 186 barrels per day. This well is not indicative of what a properly completed long-lateral horizontal well can do in the Tuscaloosa. The second well, the Soterra 6H-1, is just starting to flow back, following the fracture stimulation. We are adding a second rig in the Tuscaloosa in March and expect to have 10 wells down in the play by year end. In Michigan, we drilled 2 vertical test wells last year and just drilled the first horizontal well in the A1 Carbonate. We plan to complete the first well later this month and are now beginning to drill our second horizontal. We expect to have approximately 15 wells drilled in this play by year end. In the Ohio Utica, Devon and Sinopec have assembled 235,000 net acres in the play. We just TD-ed our first horizontal well, the first of 15 horizontal wells that we expect to drill here this year. While we are still in the early stages of evaluating these plays, we have seen positive subsurface data and encouraging rate indications in several of them. By the end of 2012, we expect to have drilled approximately 125 wells in aggregate across these 5 plays, giving us a much better understanding of the potential of these positions. In summary, our 2011 capital program delivered strong liquids growth and record production reserves from each of our key development areas. Importantly, we also made tremendous progress in efficiently captured -- efficiently capturing significant acreage positions that will provide the next leg of oil and liquids growth in 2012 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will take you through a brief review of our financial and operating results for 2011 and provide commentary on our outlook for 2012. Starting first with production. For the full year of 2011, production came in at the top end of our guidance range at 240 million equivalent barrels or approximately 658,000 barrels per day. Our 2010 results included production from the Gulf of Mexico up to the point of sale, which we completed in the second quarter of 2010. Excluding the Gulf, our production increased 8% in 2011 driven by an oil and natural gas liquids growth rate of nearly 16%. Fourth quarter 2011 production was very strong, averaging 680,000 BOE per day, exceeding the upper end of our guidance provided in the previous earnings call by 5,000 barrels per day. This impressive result represents a top line production growth rate of 10% over the fourth quarter of 2010 or an 18% growth rate on a per share basis. Once again, excellent execution in our liquids-prone development regions drove our strong quarterly performance. In total, our company-wide liquids production was 238,000 barrels per day, up 21% from the year-ago quarter. In 2012, we expect an increase in oil production of more than 20% to drive overall production growth of about 6% to between 253 million and 257 million barrels for the year. This year-over-year oil growth will be driven mostly by the ramp-up of production from the Permian Basin and our Jackfish 2 project. We will also continue to exploit liquids-rich gas opportunities within our portfolio, increasing our 2012 NGLs at double-digit rates. As we focus our activity on oil and liquids-rich gas opportunities, we expect that our dry gas production will decline slightly. Looking specifically at the first quarter of this year, we expect sequential production growth of about 1.5% to a range of 685,000 to 695,000 barrels per day. Beyond the first quarter, we expect production to steadily increase as the year progress. Now for a brief review of our revenues. Throughout 2011, our balanced product mix helped to offset the effects of lower natural gas prices. This was especially evident in the fourth quarter, with nearly 65% of our upstream revenue derived from oil and NGLs. Our natural gas hedges also enhanced our Q4 E&P revenues. Overall, cash settlements of hedges contributed an additional $151 million of revenue and boosted our company-wide price realizations by $2.42 per BOE. Looking at our hedge position for 2012. Roughly 50% of our expected oil production, or 76,000 barrels per day, is hedged through various swaps and costless collars. Of this amount, 22,000 barrels were swapped at a weighted average price of $107, with the balance collared at a weighted average ceiling of $126 and a floor of $86. We also have 880 million cubic feet per day of natural gas hedged with a weighted average protected price of $4.73. This represents about 1/3 of our expected natural gas production for the year. Turning now to our marketing and midstream operations. They once again delivered another high-quality quarter, generating $134 million of operating profit, bringing our full year midstream profit up to $542 million. That's at the high end of our guidance range and a $32 million improvement over 2010. Looking ahead to 2012, we expect lower prices to cap our full year operating profit in the $470 million to $520 million range. Moving to expenses. We continue to do an excellent job controlling costs in spite of industry inflationary pressures. In the fourth quarter, expenses in most categories were in line with our expectations and our pretax cash costs were only 2% higher than last year at $13.61 per BOE. This is especially noteworthy given that our growth in oil production, which is generally more expensive to produce. Our consistent focus on cost management and the significant scale we enjoy in our core operating regions continue to place Devon in the position of being a low-cost producer. This contributes to our ability to generate full-cycle returns that are among the best in our peer group. The final expense I will touch on is income taxes. After backing out the items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates, our adjusted full year 2011 income tax rate was 34% of pretax earnings. This adjusted rate is comprised of a 2% current rate and a 32% deferred rate, right in line with our expectations for the year. In today's earnings release, we have provided a table that reconciles the effects of items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates. Going to the bottom line: A strong operating performance in 2011, combined with the sale of our assets in Brazil, translated into record earnings of $4.7 billion. Backing out the sale of Brazil and all of the other items that analysts generally exclude, 2011 non-GAAP earnings totaled $6.14 per diluted share. For the fourth quarter, non-GAAP earnings were $1.55 per diluted share, exceeding the First Call mean by $0.07. Now for a quick review of our financial position. For 2011, Devon's cash flow from continuing operations before balance sheet changes totaled $6.5 billion, which represents a 23% increase over 2010. Also, we received $3.2 billion from the sale of our Brazilian assets during the year, boosting total cash inflows to $9.7 billion. We utilized these sources of cash to easily fund our capital program, driving 8% top line production growth, record oil and gas reserves and the acquisition of valuable leasehold that enhances our long-term liquids growth prospects. In addition to our capital program, we returned capital to our shareholders by repurchasing $2.3 billion of common stock and paying $278 million in dividends. We exited the year with $7.1 billion in cash and short-term investments and an enviable net debt to adjusted cap ratio of only 11%. As mentioned earlier, we continue to organically develop additional liquids-focused opportunities. We have the luxury of being able to comfortably fund these activities while maintaining our strong financial position. And with that, I'll turn the call back to John.
John Richels: Thank you, Jeff. As you can see, our 2011 results reflect our disciplined approach to our business. In 2012, we will continue to execute our strategy by delivering oil and liquids production growth of roughly 20%, driving our production mix to 40% oil and liquids by year end, by continuing to bolster our future growth through accelerating our exploration activity and opportunistically adding acreage in new oil plays and by maintaining our position as a low-cost producer, allowing us to deliver some of the best full-cycle returns in the peer group. As we've said many times in the past, we're fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our growth per debt-adjusted share. This approach places Devon in an advantageous position to deliver competitive per share growth in any environment. And at this point, we'll open the call up to your questions.
Vincent W. White: [Operator Instructions] And with that, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about what's happening in the Barnett Shale? It sounds like overall production was up, but more of it's liquid. Are you starting to see some of the dry gas production turn, or is that going to happen later in the year? And remind me again, you've got 12 rigs running, you're going to drop 2? And how many of those will be actually in the dry gas area?
John Richels: Let me make a general comment about the number of dry gas rigs we have working in the company: 0. We have no rigs at all drilling dry gas opportunities in the company. Everything we're drilling is liquids-rich or oil. And specifically in the Barnett, even with this, we do anticipate, because there is associated gas with the liquids-rich plays, that we are going to continue to grow the gas portion of the Barnett as well as the liquids-rich. We anticipate the total equivalents to go up, including the liquids-rich, by about 10% this year.
Vincent W. White: I might add to that. Since we did have, from years ago, many dry gas wells drilled there, and now we're focused entirely on the liquids-rich, the rich is shifting to become -- the mix of overall production is becoming more liquids-rich with this year's program.
John Richels: And we still have 2,500 to 3,000 locations in the liquids-rich. And at the current rate we are drilling, the 350 to 400 wells a year, you can see we have a very deep inventory in the liquids-rich portion of the play.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, maybe I misunderstood. I thought I heard a comment that the dry gas is going to decline by the end of the year for Devon. Did I mishear that?
Vincent W. White: That is company-wide because we're allowing some dry gas areas to decline. Company-wide, our gas production will be flat to down a little. It's just that in the Barnett, we will continue to grow gas production by drilling in the liquids-rich portions.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And for my follow-up. In the Permian Basin, obviously, things look like they're going pretty good there. Is there going to be any kind of constraints in the system over the next couple of years that you guys kind of envision for industry or Devon as a whole because of the activity increases there?
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl Smette. As you know, right now, there is constraints as it relates to NGL takeaway capacity in the Permian Basin. However, industry is eliminating those restrictions with 2 pipelines that are being currently built that should be on stream, the first one in the first quarter of 2013 and the second probably the second quarter of 2013, that will add about 500,000 barrels of NGL capacity and move the NGLs down to the Gulf Coast. So we are seeing some restrictions as an industry in the Permian right now and that should probably continue as we go through 2012 but should be eliminated early in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Kistler from Simmons & Company.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Following up a little bit on the last question with respect to potential infrastructure constraints. With the growth you guys outlined in the Permian on the liquids side, in the Cana-Woodford, Barnett, looking at your success in the Miss and current IPs in the Niobrara, can you match up for us just where processing capacity is for you guys in each area to basically help us understand if it'll be sufficient to the growth drivers you've outlined?
Darryl G. Smette: On the Permian -- this is Darryl again. In the Permian, virtually all -- not all but a large portion of our acreage is already committed to third-party midstream companies who have existing process facilities in the Permian and they are either in the process of expanding those or building new processing facilities. So that process is ongoing and that should right itself at the same time we have the NGL takeaway capacity. As we look at Cana, as you know, we have, the Cana plant is operational currently and extracting natural gas liquids. And we have firm transportation to move all of those natural gas liquids down to Mont Belvieu for processing and not up to Conway, where you're seeing a significant discount to Mont Belvieu pricing. In addition to that, we are currently expanding our Cana plant, and that will become operational, right now, we think, second quarter of 2013, it will add about 150,000 Mcf of capacity to Cana. As we look at the Barnett, we currently have 650 million a day of processing capacity in our Bridgeport facility. We are also in the process of expanding that plant by about 150 million a day, and that'll become operational, we think, the fourth quarter of 2012 or the first quarter of 2013.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. That's very helpful, I appreciate it...
David A. Hager: Dave, just a general comment there. We obviously work very closely between the drilling side of the business and the ability to transport it and so we tailor all of our activity and make sure that we are not conducting drilling activity, that we can't move the product at a good price. So that's, we've addressed that in all of our capital program.
David W. Kistler - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great, appreciate that clarification. And then as a follow-up, with the stock buyback at least temporarily off the table and a number of assets coming up for sale in the Permian, how do you guys think about maybe potential acquisitions, going forward and kind of put that into comparison to, obviously, a proved reserve level that would be incredibly competitive on a dollar-per-barrel reserve metric versus an acquisition?
John Richels: Well, Dave, it's John. As you know, when we look at these opportunities, we're adding a lot of opportunities and through some ground floor, grassroots leasing. That's obviously the most attractive to us if we're adding it in the right places because we bring it in at a very low-entry cost. We can control the amount of a royalty that we're going to pay and it's really important for us when we -- because we've got a deep opportunity set. It's really important that anything we bring in will compete well against the opportunities that we already have in our opportunity set. Otherwise, we're not adding value for our shareholders. So when we look at these other opportunities for acreage acquisitions, we have to compare them to the opportunities that we're adding through our grassroots leasing efforts, which we're pretty excited about. In the future, as we look at purchasing stock, I think we've had a pretty good track record over the years of buying stock when times are right and following through once we make the commitment. And what we try to do there is to stay very disciplined, to understand our asset base and to compare the repurchase of stock against the injection of more capital into our existing asset portfolio. And we try to do it on the basis over a 3- to 5-year period of what will add the most cash flow per share, adjusted for debt. It's really important that we keep focusing on that. And so those are the kind of considerations. I think the fact that we're taking a breather right now from our share repurchases should give you a pretty good idea of how excited we are with the opportunities that are in our portfolio for the next few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've -- my first question is really going back to the production growth numbers, John, if you could help us understand a little bit about what's going on with the gas side. In order to allow the gas to decline a little more, I was under the impression you really weren't drilling any dry gas in 2011, at least the majority of the CapEx was going on liquids, so are you actually choking back wells, or are you doing anything a little bit more proactive on some of your dry gas production? So if you could help us a bit there. And I have a follow-up, please.
John Richels: No, we're not at all. The only reason that our gas production has been staying up at all is because we're drilling in liquids-rich gas areas. So in the Cana, the core areas of the Cana, for example, where we have terrific liquids component. In the core areas of the Barnett, we have high liquids contents, but it's producing some gas. In the other areas, the dry gas areas like the Rockies and our conventional business in Canada, East Texas and a bunch of other areas that are dry gas, we haven't been directing any capital to that, and that's just declining.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Okay, John, that's very clear. A very quick follow-up on the share buybacks. John, if the tax implications of bringing your overseas cash back to the States changed, would your share buyback philosophy change? And I'll leave it at that.
John Richels: Well, I guess I want to reiterate the point that when we make that decision, it's not solely because -- it's not because we're constrained for the cash. We do have $6.9 billion sitting offshore and we're going to leave that offshore for the time being until we get some better visibility on a repatriation holiday. But really, it's driven more by the fact that, our analysis of our future capital requirements and, importantly, the accretion that, that brings to our cash flow per share as opposed to buying shares back. And that's why I said earlier, it should give you a pretty good idea that we're pretty excited about our opportunity set right now. Now factored into that, too, we got a very low-gas-price environment, we've got a lot of uncertainty in the world economy and it's a good time, we believe, for us to maintain some financial flexibility by keeping the strong balance sheet. But we're going to be driven by the returns, not by where the money is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: As you think about T&D capital beyond 2012, how do you think about kind of level of spending and liquids growth rates on a multiyear basis?
David A. Hager: Well, David, this is Dave Hager. Again, we have a deep inventory of liquids-rich opportunities within the portfolio and so we think that we can continue this focus of liquids-rich and oil drilling opportunities for a number of years. And I would suspect that, again, we haven't put our total plans together for the years beyond 2012, but I would suspect that we would continue to have a growth rate on the total liquids somewhere in the teens in the out years. And we'll provide some more details on this when we have our Analyst Day meeting here in early April. But I suspect it's going to be somewhere in that order of magnitude because we have the opportunities to execute.
Vincent W. White: And of course, should the external environment change, in our view, as to the relative value of dry gas versus liquids-rich, our capital mix will change as well.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Yes, you have the portfolio of dry gas still.
Vincent W. White: And oil, right.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then on, maybe a little more specific on oil sands, hearing some faster ramps to new projects in the 9- -- 6- to 9-month time frame as opposed to previous projects have been 12 to 18 months. Are you experiencing that or expecting that for Jackfish 2? And then, should we starting thinking about the same thing as you get into Jackfish 3?
John Richels: Actually, right now, on Jackfish 2, we're running a little bit ahead of where we had budgeted, and we're very happy with the performance. And so no real issues to discuss there.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Do you think you can do it in 6 months to get to peak, or is that too fast?
John Richels: That's probably too fast.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: David, for a project this size where we're talking about 35,000 barrel-a-day projects, you're putting a lot of steam in the ground and it just takes a number of months to ramp it up. And we'd rather, given that these are 25-year projects, we'd rather ramp them up on what we think is an operationally sound manner than trying to bring them on too fast.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So it's mainly through use of solvents and that type of thing that was speeding up some of the pace of it? That was it.
David A. Hager: Well, we obviously look at all those things. And just, our experience right now is that a little bit slower ramp-up is what's appropriate for our projects and achievable for our projects. So we obviously are looking at solvents and things like that. And if some of those become applicable, we'll look very hard and perhaps then we can speed it up, but right now, we just don't see that scope.
Vincent W. White: David, I might add that we're not solving for the shortest ramp-up time. We're solving for the best rate of return, so the number of initial wells you drill versus the plant size and that kind of thing all impact rate of return.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett from Bernstein research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I had a question on the $400 million in fourth quarter leasehold that went to the Utica and the stealth oil play. If you acquired 125,000 acres of Utica and if you say that was at $3,000 an acre, you would have consumed that full $400 million. So are you getting sort of bargain Utica acreage, or is that a stealth play just getting a small share of that $400 million?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Well, your assumption on the price is probably not quite accurate on the Utica acreage, and we really just started acquiring the acreage in the stealth play. And frankly, we've been continuing to build, past the end of 2011, we're building on that stealth oil play position as we speak. And we see a path, frankly, for a position there somewhere in the 300,000- to 500,000-acre rage as we continue to build that position.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So the, on the Utica, the follow up, you're spending more or less than $3,000 an acre?
David A. Hager: We do not want to get into specific acreage prices for plays that we are continuing to acquire acreage in. It's just not in our interest, for commercial reasons.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I've been seeing a little bit of industry results in the Cana suggesting some good results toward the southeastern portion of the trend and I was wondering whether you might be reconsidering or reevaluating what you consider the core of the play to be.
David A. Hager: Well, we've seen -- obviously, we agree, Mark. We've seen some results out there that are somewhat encouraging on the southeast side, but we still think that we have what we think is really the best core position in Cana. We're happy with our position that we have there. And again, we have probably about between 2,000 and 3,000 locations in the liquids-rich portion of the core to drill. And so when you look at what we're drilling at pace of 200 wells or so per year, we have a very deep inventory there for many, many years. But there have been, I agree with you, there have been some good wells made on the southeast side. But I think we need to see some more results to be really sure how, just how sustainable that is.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. My follow-up, Dave, relates primarily to the Bone Springs in the Permian, an area where, in the recent past, results have been pretty good. I wonder if you could update us. I didn't hear you specifically mention Bone Springs activity in your review of the quarter.
David A. Hager: Well, we've had a number of good Bone Springs wells in the quarter. I think we highlighted, actually, in the earnings release that we had a number of good Bone Springs wells on the order of around 600 barrels a day or so that we achieved out there. I think we had 8 wells average more than 600 barrels per day, 8 operated wells in the fourth quarter that achieved more than 600 barrels a day so we're seeing very good results out there. We see a good inventory of opportunities sitting out there. We estimate we probably have 350 to 400 locations remaining in the Bone Springs just on our existing inventory and will probably drill somewhere around 80 this year. So again, you can see 4- to 5-year inventory of Bone Springs opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Morris from Citigroup.
Robert S. Morris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one question here on the acre expenditure. I think you said early in the call that your CapEx of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion had only $25 million in it for leasehold acquisitions. But given that you're continuing acquiring this stealth oil play and there might be other plays that you'll acquire acreage in and you spent $1 billion on acreage last year, what is a realistic expectation as to how much you'll end up spending on acreage this year?
David A. Hager: Well, first, a correction: We said $225 million in that base budget plan that we had. And that really is just kind of our base level of activity coring up around existing locations that we have, et cetera. We're opportunistic so I think it's a little bit hard to say for sure exactly how much we may want to spend on new acquisitions. But again, we are focused on oil opportunities, we are -- and we're focused on building significant scale in these opportunities when we can. We want to build positions that are meaningful for a company the size of Devon. And so when we see this type of opportunity, we're -- we'll make an evaluation on the economics, and if it's justified, we will pursue it. Now exactly what that means in terms of total acreage or lease acquisition costs in 2012, it's still a little bit early to say. And we're in the process of putting together a couple new areas right now, but we need to see how they develop to say exactly what that number may be.
Robert S. Morris - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So the $225 million does not include anything on this new oil stealth play or any other stealth plays you may pursue?
David A. Hager: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Given your diverse horizontal breadth in the Permian Basin, can you just comment on how you see the relative rates of return in the various horizontal opportunities and what you would need to see a further raise or shifts to your rig counts, specifically the Wolfcamp Shale in the Midland Basin, how that looks in your mind versus the Wolfcamp Shale in the Delaware Basin versus the Bone Spring in Avalon?
David A. Hager: Well, I'd say that, in our mind, that the Wolfcamp Shale in the Midland Basin, the Bone Springs and the Wolfberry all offer strong rates for return to us. The Wolfcamp Shale in the Delaware Basin so far has been more gas oriented, and so obviously, at these depressed prices, that is not drawing the attention of our capital near the way the other 3 plays are. But I wouldn't try to differentiate too much between those other 3 plays because they all offer strong rates of return.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then my follow-up is you talked about the 5 Pike projects in your release at 35,000 barrels a day each. Can you just refresh us on the timing that you see? And how, if at all, the CapEx per flow in barrel, might be different than what you're seeing at Jackfish 2?
David A. Hager: Yes, the first phase of camp [ph] Pike, which again would be essentially 3 Jackfish-sized projects we anticipate, we anticipate filing for a regulatory approval sometime in 2013 or so and then have a first steam for that perhaps late 2015 and then full-scale operations late 2016, early 2017. The fourth and fifth Jackfish-sized projects in Pike are still awaiting full delineation, and it's a little bit hard to say exactly what the timing they would be until we have those fully delineated; probably sometime out closer to the 2020 range to really to achieve production on those. As far as the costs go, I think we're anticipating similar costs, but there is obviously some cost inflation pressure that's taking place up there. And there's a tightness of skills, a tightness of labor up there. So each one of these are probably a little bit higher than Jackfish due to those inflationary pressures.
Vincent W. White: Brian, this is Vince. I might add that the long-term forecast we gave through 2020 for thermal oil production doesn't include any contribution from any Pike projects beyond this 105,000 barrels per day that we expect to take to, into the regulatory process in the -- sometime this year.
David A. Hager: Okay, that ends today's call. For those of you that we did not get to your questions, the IR staff and other members of management will be available throughout the day to take your questions. And thanks for participating.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Midstream Jeffrey A. Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David A. Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Vincent W. White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Bob Brackett Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call and Webcast. Following my preliminary housekeeping and compliance items, our President and CEO, John Richels is going to provide his perspective on the quarter. Then, Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production will cover the operations highlights. And following that, Jeff Agosta, our CFO will finish up with commentary on our financial results and positioning. We'll conclude with a Q&A period. And as usual, we'll hold the call to an hour.  Also with us today is Larry Nichols, our Executive Chairman, and other members of Devon's senior management team for the Q&A session.  A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our home page. And during the call today, we're going to provide guidance for key fourth quarter metrics. We will not be issuing a revised 8-K today because our full year estimates generally remain within the guidance ranges that we've provided in the 8-K we filed in August. Any refinements to our guidance provided during the call today will be available on our website. You can always get the latest guidance through the Guidance link on the Investor Relations page or section of Devon's website. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we strive to give you the very best estimates possible in every case, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. A discussion of risk factors related to these estimates can be found in our SEC filings.  Also on today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we are required to provide certain related disclosures. Those disclosures are also available currently on Devon website.  With those points out of the way, I'll turn the call over to President and CEO, John Richels. John?
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter of 2011 was our first full quarter following the completion of our repositioning. As a company focused entirely on North America, Devon delivered a very solid third quarter performance. Let me begin by highlighting some of our results.  Our third quarter adjusted net earnings from continuing operations of $1.54 per diluted share increased 18% over the year-ago quarter and exceeded the first call mean by $0.09. Our cash flow from continuing operations of $4.19 per diluted share increased 26% over the year-ago quarter and surpassed the first call mean by more than 20%. For the third quarter, we increased North American onshore production 8% over the year-ago quarter, driven by a 17% increase in oil and natural gas liquids production. With strong growth in liquids production and a focus on controlling costs, Devon's pretax cash margin increased to more than $26 per barrel equivalent in the quarter. Also during the third quarter, we repurchased 10.8 million shares for $697 million, remaining on track to complete our $3.5 billion stock repurchase program by year end. And with $6.8 billion in cash and a net debt-to-cap ratio of 10%, our balance sheet remains in terrific shape.  In addition to the development drilling that's driving our current production growth, we're continuing to actively evaluate the oil and liquids potential on our 1.2 million net acres in 5 high potential new venture plays. This includes our positions in the Tuscaloosa, the Mississippian, the Niobrara, the Ohio Utica and the Michigan Basin. Our 40-well program across those 5 plays is well underway. We have drilled our first wells in each of the plays and have additional wells in various stages of completion. While it's still early on, we've been very encouraged with our results as well as those from industry peers near some of our positions.  To improve the risk/reward profile of these new venture plays, we've been conducting a data room process to bring in a partner. We're clearly not pursuing this because we need the money. Given the strength of our balance sheet, we could easily pursue all of these opportunities simultaneously, with 100% ownership. However, we see many advantages to bringing in an exploration partner.  First, the joint venture could improve our capital efficiency, both by recovering the costs associated with establishing the acreage positions and by providing a reduction of our capital requirements in the future.  Second, the joint venture would allow us to accelerate the derisking and commercialization of these new venture positions.  And third, the joint venture could allow us the opportunity to seek exposure in more new play types with less risk. So a joint venture presents us with the opportunity for accelerated commercialization, improved capital efficiency and risk mitigation.  Given that we're currently engaged in this data room process and still adding to our positions, we're not going to report specific well results in our new venture activities today. However, I can tell you that the indications of interest we have seen from potential partners have been very strong.  Now before I turn the call over to Dave, I would like to address the subject of a number of recent questions concerning our capital outlook for next year. Although we're still in the process of finalizing our 2012 capital budget, our philosophy remains steadfast: We remain fully committed to optimizing value by maximizing growth on a per-share basis adjusted for debt. In order to achieve that goal, we remain keenly focused on exercising capital discipline, maximizing our full cycle returns and maintaining a high degree of financial strength and flexibility. Based on this philosophy, we will not compromise our per-share results for top line growth by funding projects with low rates of return. Instead, we will strive to optimize the allocation of capital among our alternatives of investing in our oil and liquids-rich opportunity base, capturing additional resource and repurchasing our shares. Of course, the relative attractiveness of these various options changes with movements on Devon's stock price, our borrowing costs and our outlook for commodity prices and industry costs.  Since we've not finalized our 2012 E&P capital budget, I cannot provide specific capital guidance. However, I will provide some directional comments. In 2012, we expect to implement a drilling program with activity levels similar to 2011. Our focus in 2012 will be on developing the high-margin oil and liquids opportunities in our existing portfolio and accelerating the evaluation of the many new plays that we have captured.  Our preliminary 2012 capital budget does not contemplate a repeat of the roughly $700 million of acreage acquisitions that we are making in 2011. And therefore, in total, we expect our capital outlay in 2012 to be less than 2011.  The majority of our 2012 capital will be focused on core development projects. In Canada, we expect to begin construction on the third 35,000-barrel per day phase of Jackfish in the first quarter of 2012. In the Barnett and Cana, we will continue the aggressive development of our inventory of thousands of undrilled locations in the liquids-rich portions. Furthermore, in 2012, we'll be expanding our gas processing plants in each of these plays to keep pace with our growth and capture additional value. In the Permian, we will continue investing in our reliable development plays, including the Wolfberry, the Delaware and the Bone Spring. And in addition to investing in these low-risk development plays, we will continue to actively evaluate our acreage positions established through our greenfields new ventures. These exploration plays, coupled with the emerging plays that we're just beginning to evaluate in the Permian and in Western Canada, hold tremendous future potential for Devon.  We strongly believe that the Devon's stock creates a differentiating opportunity for investors in the E&P space. Our deep and diverse inventory of oil and liquids-rich opportunities provides us with great flexibility in allocating capital based on market conditions. Our superior financial strength allows us to consistently invest in our business based on our long-term outlook regardless of the near term macro economic backdrop. We remain intently focused on optimizing margins and continuing to position ourselves as a low-cost producer. And finally, we maintain a disciplined approach of balancing resource development with resource capture to optimize the value of our entire portfolio. All of these factors position Devon to deliver competitive growth in cash flow and production per share.  So at this point, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager for a review of our quarterly operating highlights. Dave?
David A. Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I will begin with a quick recap of 2011 capital expenditures for our exploration and development activities.  E&P spending was $1.6 billion for the third quarter, including $250 million of undeveloped acreage acquisitions. This brings our E&P capital through the first 9 months to $4.7 billion. We expect fourth quarter expenditures for exploration and development to be approximately $1.5 billion. While this would take us outside our guidance range for E&P spending, it is partially offset by our midstream capital, which should fall well below the midpoint of our guidance range. Consequently, we expect our total capital expenditures for 2011 to come in near the top end of our guidance range.  Our 2011 E&P capital program is delivering outstanding results. Our cornerstone development areas including the Barnett, Cana, the Permian and Jackfish are all performing very well. We also continue to move forward with evaluating and derisking the upside potential in our various emerging and new venture plays.  So let's take a closer look at some of the third quarter highlights in these areas.  Starting with our thermal oil projects in Eastern Alberta. Jackfish continues to deliver industry-leading performance. During the third quarter, Jackfish 1 production averaged 32,000 barrels per day, net of royalties, and continued its trend of excellent plant reliability and efficiency.  At Jackfish 2, we continue to be very pleased with the ramp up of production. In the third quarter, our net production averaged 4,000 barrels per day. And in October, it averaged almost 9,000 barrels per day, exceeding planned volumes.  Review of our regulatory application for Jackfish 3 is nearing completion. Pending approval, we will begin construction in the first quarter of next year, with plant start-up targeted for late 2014. Devon operates all 3 Jackfish projects and owns 100% working interest in each.  At our Pike joint venture, our 2011, 2012 winter drilling and seismic program will begin later this month. We plan to drill roughly 140 stratigraphic wells and shoot approximately 50 square miles of seismic this winter. The program will focus on confirming the resource potential for a third 35,000-barrel per day project in the Pike 1 Complex. This will bring the identified resource at Pike up to roughly 900 million barrels gross, which translates to gross production potential of over 100,000 barrels per day. Devon operates Pike and owns a 50% working interest. Ultimately, we believe the Pike acreage can support the equivalent of 4 or 5 Jackfish-sized projects. In aggregate, between Jackfish and Pike, we expect to drive our net thermal oil production to between 150,000 and 175,000 barrels per day by 2020. Moving now to the Permian basin. We currently have 19 operated rigs pursuing targets in numerous play types across the basin. Our third quarter Permian oil and liquids production increased 17% over the year-ago quarter. In total, our Permian production averaged 50,000 equivalent barrels per day in the third quarter with 75% of that being oil and natural gas liquids.  In our Wolfberry light oil play in the Permian, we currently have 4 operated rigs running as we continue the evaluation and development of our 160,000 net acres. Our net Wolfberry production climbed to a record 9,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter.  While we are currently developing the Wolfberry on 40-acre spacing, we have a 20-acre infill pilot program underway. We brought our first 220-acre Wolfberry infill wells online during the third quarter with encouraging results. The remaining infill wells in the pilot program are currently drilling, as well as our first horizontal well in the Wolfberry development area. The additional potential represented by 20-acre well spacing and horizontal Wolfcamp wells in certain areas provide upside to our current inventory of more than 850 net risk Wolfberry locations.  Moving to the Bone Springs oil play also in the Permian. We currently have 8 operated rigs running. We continue to see outstanding results from our horizontal program on both the New Mexico and Texas sides of the play. With average EURs ranging from 400,000 to 600,000 barrels equivalent and well cost between $5 million and $8 million, most of these wells are generating rates of return in excess of 50% based on the current strip pricing.  In the third quarter, we completed 11 Bone Springs wells with 30-day average IP rates of 540 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production from our Bone Springs horizontal program has increased 300% to almost 5,000 equivalent barrels per day since the beginning of the year.  Elsewhere in the Permian, we continue to run 2 rigs, targeting the conventional Delaware oil formation. We drilled 7 wells and completed 4 of them during the third quarter. The 30-day IP rates for the completed wells averaged nearly 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Like the Bone Springs, these wells offer outstanding returns based on strip pricing. We have approximately 125 net risk locations remaining in the Delaware.  Also in the Permian, we increased our Wolfcamp Shale oil position in the Midland Basin during the quarter, to approximately 92,000 net acres. We brought our first horizontal wells online during the quarter and are very pleased with the results. Much of our acreage is located in the area where current industry activity is concentrated, and our initial results indicate that this acreage is commercially viable. We plan to drill 8 Wolfcamp Shale wells this year, with 6 or 7 completed and online by year end.  Moving north to the Texas Panhandle in the Granite Wash play, we continue to see solid results from our Cherokee and Granite Wash A wells. We brought 10 operated Granite Wash wells online during the third quarter. The 30-day IP rates from these wells averaged over 1,250 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 180 barrels of oil and 405 barrels of natural gas liquids per day.  We were also drilling our first wells in the area to test the Atoka Wash and Caldwell zones, which provide upside to our Granite Wash position.  Moving now to the Cana Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma. Reconstruction of our Cana gas processing plant is now complete. We began processing gas in late October and are currently running about 138 million cubic feet per day through the facility. Ramp-up will continue over the next several weeks as we expect to reach the plant's inlet capacity of 200 million a day in September.  We have also started work on a planned expansion at Cana. This will increase the capacity of the Cana plant to 350 million a day with liquids extraction capacity of more than 30,000 barrels per day. The expansion allows us to keep pace with our growing Cana Woodford Shale volumes and roughly doubles our liquids extraction capacity in Cana. We expect the increase in capacity to be operational in the fourth quarter of next year.  On the drilling front, we ended the quarter -- the third quarter with 17 operated rigs running in the Cana, 6 rigs fewer than in the previous quarter. We have achieved drilling efficiencies that allow us to now maintain the pace of our Cana program with fewer rigs. Accordingly, we made the decision in third quarter to release 2 rigs. In addition, while awaiting the recommissioning of our Cana plant, we elected to sublease 4 additional rigs to another company for the remainder of the year. With the Cana plant coming back online, we are confident in achieving our year-end exit rate target of 275 million cubic feet equivalent per day, net to Devon's interest.  In spite of the planned operation -- or interruption, excuse me, our third quarter net Cana production increased 6% over the second quarter to a record 200 million cubic feet equivalent per day including more than 8,100 barrels per day of liquids. Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas. We currently have 12 operated rigs running. In the third quarter, we brought 77 Barnett wells online. We are continuing to see outstanding results from our Barnett program in the liquids-rich portion of the play. Our net Barnett production increased to a record 1.3 Bcf equivalent per day, including 46,000 barrels per day of liquids.  Upon completion of our Bridgeport planned expansion in the first quarter of 2013, we would expect to see our net volumes climb to an all-time record of more than 1.4 Bcf equivalent per day with our current 12-rig program.  On the exploration front, in addition to the progress that John mentioned in the other new ventures plays, we continue to evaluate the potential of our position in a number of plays emerging in our historical areas of operations. In Canada, our exploration efforts are ongoing as we target oil and liquids-rich opportunities across our more than 4 million net acres. In aggregate, we completed 19 exploration wells and tied 10 of them into production in the third quarter.  The best results we saw were in the Cardium. In the third quarter, we brought 3 Cardium oil wells online in the Ferrier Area of Central Alberta. Average 30-day IP rates from these wells were 770 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We are currently completing 2 additional wells in the area.  Another encouraging result from our third quarter exploration program in Canada came from our Viking light oil play at Saskatchewan. We completed 4 wells in the third quarter with 30-day IP rates of up to 70 barrels per day. These are shallow wells, and we would anticipate cost of roughly $1 million per well in the development phase of this play. While we're still working to optimize our drilling and completion approach, we are encouraged by these early results. I'll remind you that we own 100% of the surface and minerals in a very large acreage position with more than 1,000 potential drilling locations.  Also in Canada, we brought 2 Slave Point oil wells on in the Swan Hills area, with average 30-day IPs of 300 barrels per day. We have an inventory of more than 160 undrilled Slave Point locations and plan to drill 3 additional wells in the fourth quarter. Of the 10 exploration wells brought online in Canada during the quarter, 9 were successful. So while it's still very early in the process, we are excited about the results we have seen.  In summary, all of our key development projects are delivering excellent results and we continue to take important steps in evaluating a deep inventory of exploration opportunities across our portfolio.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will take you through a brief review of the key drivers that shaped our strong third quarter financial results. I plan to limit my comments to items that require additional commentary or outside our forecasted guidance range.  The first item I would like to cover is our production. In the third quarter, we produced 60.8 million oil equivalent barrels or approximately 661,000 equivalent barrels per day. This result was just above the midpoint of the forecast we provided on our second quarter call. And as John said, it represents an 8% increase in production over the year-ago quarter.  On the liquids side of the business, we again delivered robust growth. For the quarter, our oil and natural gas liquids production increased by 17% over the third quarter of 2010 to an average of 226,000 barrels per day. Strong year-over-year oil growth from the Permian Basin and Jackfish, combined with liquids growth in the Cana and Barnett, drove this impressive performance.  Looking to the remainder of the year, we remain on track to deliver full year production of 238 to 240 million equivalent barrels. When compared to our North American onshore production in 2010, this represents top line production growth of about 7% to 8%, driven by liquids growth in the high teens. With the Cana plant starting back up, we expect Q4 production to increase to a range of 665,000 to 675,000 BOE per day.  Given our growth in oil and natural gas liquids production and the current weakness in natural gas prices, nearly 60% of our third quarter upstream sales revenue came from liquids.  Regional oil prices remained strong during the quarter, and petrochemical demand pushed NGL realizations higher. Our E&P revenues were again supplemented by cash settlements from our attractively priced hedges. In total, cash settlements increased revenues by $96 million in the third quarter and boosted our company-wide price realizations by $1.58 per BOE.  Not only were our upstream revenues strong, but our marketing and midstream operations made another strong contribution. We generated $138 million of operating profit in the third quarter, which represents an 11% increase over the third quarter of 2010. To put this into perspective, our marketing and midstream operating profit enhanced our company-wide margins by $2.27 per BOE. Based on our results for the first 9 months, we expect full year 2011 operating profit to be in the top half of our guidance range of $515 million to $545 million.  Shifting to expenses. In the third quarter, we were successful in partially mitigating the impact of industry inflation. Expenses in most categories showed a moderate increase, but were generally in line with our expectations. In aggregate, our pretax cash costs totaled only $13.56 per barrel for the quarter or about 2% higher than last quarter. This continues to give us a very competitive cost structure within the industry. We remain well positioned as a low-cost producer and expect to continue to generate full cycle margins that are among the best in our peer group.  Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we remain comfortable with the expense forecast provided in our August 8-K. One noteworthy item for those of you who model our results, is that fourth quarter G&A expense will include approximately $20 million of noncash expense due to the issuance of annual equity compensation. Including this noncash expense, we expect fourth quarter G&A expenses to range between $170 million and $180 million.  Looking briefly at income taxes. For the third quarter, we reported income tax expense from continuing operations of $498 million or 32% of pretax income. After backing out the impact of special items typically excluded from analyst estimates, you get an adjusted tax rate of 35%. This is made up of a current tax rate of negative 12% and deferred taxes of 47%. This atypical distribution of current and deferred taxes was driven by a change in our estimate for our full year taxable income. The cumulative impact of this change was recorded in the third quarter.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we would expect our overall tax rate to range between 30% and 35%, with essentially the entire amount being deferred.  Going to the bottom line. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations totaled $640 million or $1.54 per diluted share. Strong liquids production and pricing, coupled with our reduced share count, drove our adjusted earnings from continuing operations up by 18% per diluted share over the year-ago quarter. As John mentioned earlier, this result exceeded the first call mean by $0.09.  As most of you are aware, in May of last year, we commenced a program to repurchase $3.5 billion of our common stock. As of today, we have repurchased $3.4 billion, and we expect to conclude the buyback program in the fourth quarter.  We have a history of buying back shares when we believe it is the best use of our capital. Since 2004, we have repurchased 114 million shares, reducing our outstandings by approximately 20%.  In conjunction with finalizing our 2012 capital plans, we will determine what role, if any, additional share repurchases will play in our 2012 capital allocation.  I would like to conclude with a quick review of our financial position. In the third quarter, cash flow before balance sheet changes totaled $1.9 billion. On a per-share basis, cash flow from continuing operations increased 26% over the third quarter of 2010. During the quarter, we comfortably funded all of our capital demands ,and returned nearly $800 million to our shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and dividend payments. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of over $6.8 billion and a net debt-to-cap ratio of 10%.  As we have discussed in previous calls, we currently have more than $6.6 billion of cash and short-term investments outside the United States. If a more favorable tax situation develops for the repatriation of these funds or if we deploy the proceeds into Canada, we can reduce our tax expense by up to $900 million. Until we have better visibility into these opportunities, we plan to keep this cash outside the U.S.  Given our short-term borrowing rates of less than 30 basis points, it is certainly worth our time to be patient and observe how opportunities, including the repatriation legislation, evolve. Regardless of where our cash balances reside, we clearly possess a great deal of financial strength and flexibility.  At this point, I will turn the call back over to John.
John Richels: Thank you, Jeff. All the results we're seeing in 2011 are a great example of our disciplined approach to the business. Let me just summarize that for you again. In the third quarter, we delivered a very strong quarter. We continued to execute in our key development plays, delivering oil and NGL growth of 17% over the year-ago quarter. We took important steps in evaluating a number of emerging and new venture opportunities. We delivered another excellent performance in terms of containing costs in an inflationary industry environment. We delivered another solid quarterly performance in our midstream business. And we continued to maintain a pristine balance sheet. As always, we remain committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing margins and optimizing growth per share.  At this point, we will open the call up to your questions. Vince?
Vincent W. White: During the Q&A session, we ask each of you limit your questions to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. And operator, we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When we think about the 2012 and your kind of drilling program, are there any rigs drilling today where if gas prices hold, you would look to drop? Or do you feel comfortable based on the liquids contribution from your current operated rig count that the rates of return in the current price environment are acceptable?
John Richels: Brian, as you might remember, we're spending over 90% or allocating over 90% of our capital in 2011 to oil and liquids-rich opportunities. And even at today's prices, in any of the rigs that are drilling in the gas plays where the returns are enhanced by liquids recoveries are still providing a good rate of return. So we're not spending any material amount today on plays that aren't providing a good rate of return.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then when we look at some of the new venture plays where you didn't necessarily discuss individual well results, Duvernay, the Utica, Tuscaloosa, A, do you feel your acreage positions are where you want it to be, or should we expect that you would expand these positions. I think you mentioned in your opening comments not to expect the $700 million of acreage acquisitions you are planning or have made in 2011. And then B, when you think about bringing in JV partners, is essentially your view that selling a JV interest, and potentially buying more Devon shares with that cash has a superior rate of return versus drilling over time and retain any upside from otherwise keeping a higher interest?
John Richels: Let me start with the latter question and then maybe I'll turn it over to Dave to talk about our acreage positions. But what we're doing here, Brian, with the -- with our joint venture -- as you know, it's something we've not typically done and we wouldn't be -- it doesn't make sense to us to take a development project, for example, and joint venture it because we have pretty low cost of capital. But we're doing this for different reasons. We have some acreage positions that are clearly exploratory in nature. And as we said, bringing in a partner to try to diversify some of that risk and at the same time improve our capital efficiency in the future just seems to make a lot of sense for us. So there are a lot of reasons for us to be doing this. The way I kind of look at it, if you look at these 5 new venture plays and you think about when we're in the exploration business drilling wells, it's like 5 couple of hundred million dollar or more exploratory wells and we would always brought a partner in, not for the cash flow management as much as for the risk diversification. And thankfully, even the Exxons of the world tend to do that. So that's the rationale behind the exploring of this joint venture. Maybe I can have Dave address the question on some of these land positions.
David A. Hager: Yes, and once again, I think that whenever we have the opportunity to essentially eliminate the upfront negative cash flow associated with acquiring the acreage, and then that gives us the opportunity to redeploy that capital either back into drilling or share repurchase -- of course, we haven't made a decision on that, it certainly improves the capital efficiency and it certainly improves our ability to grow on a cash flow-per-debt-adjusted share basis. But more specifically on the acreage, we're very, very happy with the acreage position we have. We have been conducting the data room and as John said in his comments -- prepared comments, we've had outstanding interest from the companies who have reviewed our acreage position, so we feel there's -- not only do we like it, there's a lot of independent confirmation from other people out there that we have a great acreage position. Having said that, it is possible that with good results on or continuing good results on some of these, we may incrementally add some acreage on some of these plays. But that's really only going to be driven by the well results that we see. That's one of the reasons we don't want to go into too much detail on what we're seeing right now, because there is some acreage available in some of these plays and we'll be driven by the success of the plays. But even if we don't add any, we're very happy with the position that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Considering these JVs, a couple of questions. One is, would you consider the Cardium and Viking in a sort of JV package? And the second is what's changed -- if we go back, we've known of these 5 sort of new venture plays for a while now, but this is the first we've heard of a JV approach. What's changed in your thinking?
John Richels: Well, first of all I, mean right now, Bob, we're just talking about those 5 plays, whether we would do anything in any of our Canadian plays, and I think that remains to be seen. But really nothing has changed other than the fact that we see a lot of opportunity in these 5 plays and a lot of capital commitment over time. And as I said, to bring somebody in at an early stage in the exploratory play to help diversify that risk just seems to make sense to us in terms of keeping the maximum capital efficiency and pursuing a prudent investment philosophy. So nothing's really changed other than the fact that these all have a lot of potential and a lot of capital investment over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Another question on the joint venture. It seems like the topic today. But what kind of structure can you say in general you're looking for? Are you looking for like one party to work with you in all these plays? Or you're looking potentially having different partners in different areas? What kind of structure are you looking at from that perspective? And then in terms of like the consideration, are you looking for a carry with some cash upfront or an all carrier? What are your thoughts on that?
John Richels: Well, we've been open to the structure, but typically, these have been structured in a way that there's some cash upfront. The good thing about that is it allows you to recover all or the majority of your capital investment to date and then some kind of a carry in the future. But we're not looking at doing a whole bunch of joint ventures with different parties. What we're really pursuing is the idea of creating a joint venture with one partner where we clearly align the interests of our joint venture partner with the interest of the company. So as we move down the road on some of these projects, that we don't just continue to drill because we got a bunch of joint venture cash out there, but we can move it around, make sure that we continue to allocate the capital both from our point of view and the joint venture partner's point of view to a place where we're making some money.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's make a lot of sense. And then I would assume that you'd like to retain operatorship?
John Richels: Yes, we'd like to retain operatorship.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then as a follow-up, in the Permian Basin, what are the governors there for you right now in terms of like increasing activity from where you're at right now?
John Richels: Yes, I'd say the primary governor on it is the technical understanding and confidence to -- of how quickly we could ramp up. Most of these are not what I would call your classic pure resource plays where you can just go in and carpet bomb these things on a set acreage spacing. There's a lot of science involved in these. And so it's really to have the right level of technical knowledge on all these plays. Additionally, there is some -- particularly in 2012, I would say, there's a secondary concern, but there are some takeaway capacity issues that exist in the Permian. Those are being addressed and we don't think they're going to be long-term issues. But in 2012, it is something that we're certainly taking into account in how many rigs we're putting in what area. We're making sure that we can really move the production out of there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wilmoth with Simmons & Company.
Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: When thinking about your potential JV partner, is there any defining characteristics in terms of you're looking for in someone with exploration technique or expertise? Or is it more just to derisk the investment?
John Richels: It's always good to have some technical expertise in your partner. But what we're really looking for as well is we recognize that entering into a joint venture like this on 5 plays is not something that lasts for 2 years or 3 years or 4 years. It's something that lasts for the next 20 years. And so we want a partner that we also believe will be aligned with us in our investment objectives and that we can work with over time.
Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: So how much interest are you guys looking at selling down in each of these plays?
John Richels: Yes, that's still really to be determined, Scott. We got this with this process open and we're going to be a little bit flexible on that, so I can't tell you that at this point.
Scott M. Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. In the Cardium, positive well results out of the 3 wells you guys released. What are the EURs? Does that make you think -- rethink the EURs in the play? And what was does your inventory look like in the Cardium?
David A. Hager: Well, we really have the Cardium in 2 different areas. We have some in the Ferrier Area and we also have Cardium in the Deep Basin play overall. We see, if the whole think could work, we're going to have up to 1,500 gross risk locations, a resource potential somewhere 50 to 100 million barrels. We're seeing EURs, it's still early on, but we're anticipating EURs somewhere in the 200,000 to 300,000 barrels equivalent per well range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Dave, I've seen some stuff recently about the possibility or the potential for a shale play in the Washakie Basin. Is this something that might be applicable to you guys' legacy production or interest in the play?
David A. Hager: Once again, you have me there, Mark. We have a big position in Washakie, but we frankly have not been looking significantly at a shale position in the Washakie. And if there is, we'll take a look at it. But it's -- we're looking at a lot of places, but the Washakie is not one that's been hit the radar screen real high for us right now.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, just as an unrelated follow-up. Dave or John, can you give me some idea -- I mean I'm assuming, as part of a potential joint venture, you would be looking for a pretty good promote. Can you give me any ideas as to the scale of that promote that you might be seeking?
David A. Hager: No, I think it's too early on to really go into the details of the scale of the promote that we're looking at. All we can say is we've been very encouraged by the interest from the companies who've been through the data room.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm going to ask a question about the joint venture. So if I hear what you're saying, it sounds like rather than drill the acreage yourself and prove it up and try to sell it at a later date, which in theory would have more value, you're choosing to mitigate the risk by doing this upfront? And then the second part of that would be as part of the thought process, not only a strategic partner for these shales, but somebody that perhaps you could JV with up in Canada, and a larger partner that gives you some more flexibility down the road. Am I thinking about that, right?
John Richels: Sure. I mean, we could well if we have the right partner and have the right relationship, this could well expand, not only to Canada, it can expand to other new plays as well. But -- and again David, I'll say that one of our objectives here -- and this is a little bit different joint venture. Most of the joint ventures that you've seen in the business so far have been play-specific. This is one that covers a lot of different plays and has some unique characteristics from that point of view, because it does align both parties with pursuing the ones that make the most sense. We may find that some, as we develop them, we want to sell and put that money into other opportunities within that joint venture, and would be very well aligned with our joint venture and would be very well aligned with our joint partner on that. So I think there's a lot of flexibility. It's early stages in terms of what the exactly a deal like that would like, but it gives us a lot of flexibility to develop these opportunities on a fairly accelerated basis.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and if Vince will allow me an unrelated follow-up. If I think about Canada versus -- Permian versus Canada, can you talk about the different rates of return? How you guys see that as far as your decision to allocate rigs and capital?
David A. Hager: Well, we obviously, as a global statement, we look at our entire E&P portfolio and allocate capital to what we think are the best return projects across our entire portfolio. So we certainly compare their rates of return in Cana to those in Permian and those in Canada, so we have a good understanding and make sure we're putting capital in the right places. The Cana, the returns do vary somewhat. I'd say particularly the core of Cana where we're currently even conducting the downspacing pilot project, a series of those, those liquids-rich returns are extremely strong. And we're still booked at 5 wells per section in the core of Cana and we see the opportunities of downspacing, we could go to 8 to 10 wells per section. And we frankly only grilled it on one well per section right now in most areas, so we have a lot of liquids-rich opportunities remaining in Cana. Some of the areas do get somewhat leaner. And as you would expect, as you get leaner, then the returns diminish somewhat, but we're careful that we're concentrating our capital in the highest return parts of the plays that compete on a portfolio-wide basis.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: To restate -- just to make sure I have the answer, it sounds like core Cana would be at the top and then non-tier Cana somewhere down below Cardium and Permian. I put some editorial comments in there, but is that the right way to think about it?
David A. Hager: Well, and there's varying degrees. I think you're looking for a simple answer and it's the wells are a spectrum, I'd say, from the core being the absolute best and as you get somewhat less condensate in natural gas liquids, then you have a continuing down to rates. But again, we're funding -- we make sure that we only fund those that compete competitively or compete well with the Permian or the Cardium or any other opportunities in our portfolio, so...
Vincent W. White: Yes, this is Vince. I'd add to that, too. When you try to compare a specific play to the Permian, we've got a number of different play types in the Permian ranging from light oil where the -- in the current environment, the rates of return are very, very strong to shale plays that we're just trying to derisk and understand. So there's a wide spectrum of returns in the Permian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So a couple of quick ones, one-on-one follow-up. Your liquids pace has picked up again this quarter. As you try and pull the whole thing together in terms of rig activity where you're targeting capital and so on, can you give us some kind of idea as to how you see the projection of your liquids as a proportion of your portfolio going forward. I guess keeping pace with the 90% cost of capital you're putting into those plays. And I've got a quick follow-up, please,
John Richels: Well, I'd say that we see in the future that we are going to continue to allocate the vast majority of our capital, 90%-plus to liquids-rich plays. And so I would expect that for some time frame that our liquids growth rate would be consistent with what we're achieving this year in the upper teens because that's what we're focusing our capital.
David A. Hager: We've talked before, Doug, about the fact that in places like the Permian, we ought to be able to grow that to the high teens or even up to 20% for the next few years. And as we're continuing to bring additional volumes that we talked about earlier with our planned expansions on in places like the Cana and the Barnett, we're going to get additional liquid volume and of course, Jackfish ramps up from -- the Jackfish 2 from a small number of barrels right now up to somewhere approaching 35,000 barrels a day through next year. So we got a lot of places that we ought to be seeing pretty strong liquids growth over the next year.
Vincent W. White: Yes, if you just look at 2011, we're growing oil and liquids production in the teens, high teens and we're growing gas production in the low single digits. So clearly our production mix is moving towards our reserve mix, which is more oil and liquids as a percentage of total reserves.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's very helpful, Vince. My quick follow-up is really on NGL pricing. You guys, I guess, historically have a fairly [indiscernible] and I guess I'm really trying to figure out how sustainable you believe that the strength of NGLs is when you take the interplay of propane exports with brand pricing and so on. Just some color there and I'll leave it at that.
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl Smette. Well, what we have seen, as you probably know, is a greater increase in activity and that has led to a much greater increase in supply. The positive side of that is that we've seen a substantial increase in demand, both on the export side of things, propane primarily, and some increased activity in the manufacturing sector, including refinery. We expect that demand will continue to increase as we go through 2012. We have a little bit of concern as we get into the middle of 2013 that we might see supply exceed demand for a while until some of the new petrochemical plants come onstream and the expansion in the greenfields. So we think that -- there could be some weakness as we get to the mid-2013, maybe into 2014. But past that, we see demand from some of these new projects coming online. And so we think that we'll start seeing the value of NGLs pick up again after we get into 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Two quick ones. With the Bone Springs wells, what kind of decline rates are you seeing?
David A. Hager: I don't have the exact number in front of me, John. I don't think here. Well, in general it's somewhere around 70%, first year decline, I think -- excuse me, 50%. I see I looked at the wrong number on my spreadsheet, 50%.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With the oil field services, are you seeing any moderation in pricing? Should we anticipate you becoming sand miners soon? What are you seeing?
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl again. We really do not have any plans to be sand miners. But we continue to see price escalation, primarily on the service side of our business. Drilling rigs and other services have increased about 2% in the third quarter from the second quarter. Overall, we're going to probably see a 10% to 12% increase in cost this year. We expect that we're going to see some pressure on costs, primarily in the service sector as we go into 2012. The biggest areas where we've seen the biggest increase in service costs have been recently in the Permian. They continue to grow fairly rapidly in Canada. And then industry, I think, has seen some pretty strong service costs to South Texas, but Devon's not a big player in South Texas. But they have started winding down a little bit from where we saw in the first half of the year, but they're still increasing primarily in the simulation side in the drilling rigs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Tudor, Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Now can I ask a joint venture question. As I think about your '11 CapEx on the midstream side, how much of that presses into 2012? And how much of that is just absolute cost savings?
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl again. We're probably going to see about a $300 million midstream cost in 2011. While we haven't finalized our budget for 2012, we know we're going to spend about $200 million of the roughly $300 million on our Cana plant and our Barnett plant in 2012, so there's not been a lot deferred quite frankly. But while we haven't finalized our budget, we'll probably see $200 million in plants, the 2 plants that I mentioned. We have about $75 million to $80 million of what I call maintaining capital that we spend every year on compression and things of that nature. So $305 million this year. My guess is that we're going to be north of $300 million next year, could be a little bit stronger than that depending on where we drill the wells, how much infrastructure is needed, whether we need CO2 removal facilities, additional compression, that type of thing.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: But the new areas like the Permian where you had midstream constraints, you don't see a big ramp in spending?
David A. Hager: No, we do not in the Permian. Devon's position in the Permian and not unlike, quite frankly, a lot of the other industry participants is that most of that infrastructure is old infrastructure. And most of Devon's acreage with the exception of some of the new acreage that we've acquired there has been committed long term to other midstream parties, and so it really dependent upon them and industry as a whole to move product out of there. So Devon does not see that we're going to put a lot of capital in the Permian basin, although we'll put in some gathering systems. We'll put in some treating facilities. We'll put in some compression. But in terms of large capital expenses, in terms of processing plants or pipelines out of the area, say, down to the Gulf Coast, right now we don't see that, that's a space we'll be in.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and I'm just thinking bigger picture capital spending, John, as you talked about your 2012 CapEx trending down year-over-year. Thinking about, and I'm not trying to link the joint venture in, but you all are targeting capital efficiency as the primary goal and the output is that adjusted growth, any new area initially that capital efficiency for leasing and science wells is generally going to be and that returns will be lower than in things like you just mentioned, which would be the Permian and Canada versus your new ventures. So really when I think about that joint venture in your overall plan, you're really just trying to focus on capital efficiency more so than -- and maybe some risk mitigation than trying to judge or call anything about the quality of acreage or opportunity?
John Richels: Absolutely. And in fact, we are more positive about the opportunity. And as you can imagine, the more opportunity we have, the more that initial investment becomes as well. And you quite rightly point out, David, that the negative cumulative cash flow on these new projects is not insignificant. And so to the extent you can level that out and put additional funding into some of our development project, it really improves the rate of return and drives more to the bottom line.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid with FBR Capital Markets.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a very quick one, Vince maybe. The stock buyback, I mean once you finish up in the fourth quarter, what room does it have for capital allocation next year?
Vincent W. White: Rehan, as John said, we are always comparing the various levers that we have, that is spending in our E&P business to the share buybacks, and trying to select the optimum mix that gives us the best growth and cash flow and production per debt adjusted share. So as we are moving towards finalizing our 2012 capital budget, we'll look at the potential for additional share repurchases, look at the impact on our per-share results over time and make a call. Thank you. That ends today's call. Thank you for participating.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's second quarter 2011 earnings call and webcast. As usual, I'll begin today's call with a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his perspective. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production will provide the operations update and then Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer will finish up with a review of our financial results. We'll conclude with a Q&A period and we'll hold the call to about an hour. A replay will be available later today through a link on our homepage, that's devonenergy.com. During the call today, we're going to provide some minor updates to our 2011 forecast based on the actual results for the first half of the year and our outlook for the remainder of the year. In addition to the updates that we're going to give in today's call, we'll file an 8-K later today as is our usual practice that will provide details of our updated 2011 estimates. These updates can be accessed using the Guidance link on the Investor Relations section of Devon's website. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations, estimates and so on are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we strive to give you the very best estimates possible, many factors could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates. We'd encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties provided in the Form 8-K that we are filing today. Also on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we do that, we are required to provide certain related disclosures and those disclosures are also available on the Devon website.  With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin by stating the obvious. Devon's second quarter of 2011 was an excellent one. Our North American onshore production reached an all-time record, averaging 660,000 equivalent barrels per day. That's a 5% increase over the first quarter, continued focus on efficiency and cost control, mitigated industry inflation and the impact of a stronger Canadian dollar. In fact, our pretax cash costs per equivalent barrel were essentially flat compared to the previous quarter and the year-ago quarter.  With production above our guidance, higher realized commodity prices and effective cost management, our second quarter adjusted earnings climbed 10% over the prior year quarter to $1.71 per diluted share and that exceeded the first call mean by $0.17.  Cash flow before balance sheet changes reached $1.6 billion or $3.81 per diluted share surpassing the street mean estimate by $0.48.  Net earnings including the gain on the sale of Brazil totaled a whopping $2.7 billion for the second quarter or $6.48 per diluted share. And during the second quarter, we repurchased 7.1 million shares for $584 million. To date, we have spent $2.6 billion of the $3.5 billion current authorization to repurchase 35.1 million shares. This represents almost 8% of our outstanding shares and those shares were acquired at an average price of roughly $74 per share. We remain on track to complete that repurchase program by the end of the year. In May, we closed our $3.2 billion sale of our Brazilian assets which essentially completes the strategic repositioning of Devon to a company focused entirely onshore in North America. Our total pretax divestiture proceeds exceeded $10 billion, with after-tax proceeds estimated to $8 billion. Currently, we have more than $6.5 billion of cash and short-term investments outside the U.S. that we have not repatriated. However, it's important to note that our after-tax estimate of proceeds assumes full payment of the taxes triggered by repatriation of most of those funds under current U.S. tax law. If a more favorable tax situation develops for the repatriation of these funds, or if we redeploy the proceeds in Canada, we will have up to $900 million of upside. Until we have better visibility into potential repatriation tax legislation and determine the optimal long-term capital allocation between the U.S. and Canada, our divestiture proceeds will remain outside the U.S.  Devon has emerged from the repositioning in a truly enviable position. We have a deep inventory of low-risk drilling locations, including years of high margin oil and liquids-rich development in our cornerstone project areas. These include the Barnett, the Cana, and our steam-assisted gravity drainage projects in Canada. We are drilling our most economic wells ever in the liquid-rich portions of the Barnett. Our first mover position has provided us with the largest and best acreage position. Furthermore, our low entry and royalty cost enhanced the economic returns across our inventory of thousands of undrilled Barnett locations. In the liquids-rich Cana, we're taking advantage of opportunities to increase our working interest and are continuing to delineate our condensate-rich acreage to the northwest. We could continue for years at our current pace of development without any additional inventory. However, in order to bring forward the value embedded in our existing acreage positions, we're pursuing a wide range of exploration opportunities across North America.  In the Permian and Western Canadian sedimentary basins, for example, we're accelerating oil and liquids-rich exploration drilling. Given the recent advances in drilling and completions technology and the stacked pay nature of these basins, we're pursuing more than 20 oil and liquids-rich plays that have emerged in these 2 basins alone.  Our inventory represents more than 3 billion oil equivalent barrels of net unrisked resource across our more than 5 million net perspective acres. These substantial positions provide Devon with thousands of potential locations, representing many years of additional growth.  We're also moving forward with the testing of our new venture plays. These include the Tuscaloosa, the Niobrara, the Mississippi Lime in Oklahoma, the Ohio Utica, and the A1 Carbonate and Utica in Michigan.  We've been successful with our strategy of acquiring sizable positions in these oil and liquids-rich plays, where, for the most part, competition had not yet driven up prices. Instead of leasing large blocks of trend acreage and then figuring out where the play works best, we've taken a more targeted approach. Similar to our approach in the Cana play, we've attempted to identify the best parts of the plays and specifically focused our acreage acquisitions in those areas.  Utilizing this approach, we've secured 1.1 million net acres at a very reasonable costs in what we believe to be highly economic parts of these 5 plays. While each of these plays has risk, it's likely that several will turn out to be highly economic large scale development plays. The second half of this year is shaping up to be an exciting time for Devon, with the initial drilling results anticipated from a wide range of exploration opportunities.  In summary, the repositioned company has all the attributes necessary to deliver highly competitive per share growth. We're generating excellent, full cycle returns. We have superior financial strength and we have a deep inventory of economic, low-risk development projects and promising exploration projects in emerging plays and new ventures.  So with that overview, I will turn the call over to Dave Hager for a review of our quarterly operating highlights. Dave?
David Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. We continue to see outstanding results from our 2011 E&P capital program. Our key development plays, including the Barnett, the Cana and Jackfish are all performing very well. We also remain very active in evaluating and de-risking the upside potential in our various emerging and new venture plays. With more than 90% of our 2011 E&P capital allocated towards oil and liquids-rich projects and with the solid results we have seen so far this year, we are well on our way to deliver liquids growth in the high teens in 2011.  So let's take a look at some of the highlights for the quarter. Starting with our oil -- our thermal oil projects in Eastern Alberta, Jackfish continues to deliver industry-leading performance. During the second quarter, Jackfish 1 production averaged 31,000 barrels per day net of royalties. At Jackfish 2, we began injecting steam in the second quarter. All 4 pads are currently in the circulation phase of the process. As some of you may have recall from our recent SAGD school, this is the initial stage where steam is injected into both the injector and producer wells to begin warming the reservoir. Later this month, 3 of the pads will move into the partial SAGD phase and production will continue to ramp up. We exited the second quarter producing about 1,000 barrels per day net of royalties at Jackfish 2.  At Pike, with data from nearly 400 wells and some 60 square miles of seismic, our SAGD team has begun engineering work on a 105,000-barrel per day facility for Pike 1. This would be essentially 3 Jackfish-sized facilities from a single plant site. You might recall we completed the resource evaluation for 2 of the 3 projects with last winter's stratigraphic drilling.  Planning efforts are already underway for our 2011, 2012 winter drilling and seismic programs and we'll focus on defining the third 35,000-barrel per day project in the Pike 1 complex. Ultimately, we believe that Pike can support 4 or 5 Jackfish-sized projects. And when combined with Jackfish, we expect to grow Devon's net thermal oil production to between 150,000 and 175,000 barrels per day by 2020.  Moving now to the Permian basin, we currently have 19 operated rigs pursuing targets in numerous play types across our roughly 1 million net acre position. Our second quarter production from the Permian increased 17% over the second quarter of 2010 to 49,000 oil equivalent barrels per day. Oil and natural gas liquids accounted for 75% of the quarter's production.  In the Permian in our Wolfberry light oil play, we currently have 5 operated rigs running, as we continue the evaluation and development of our 160,000 net acres. Through the second quarter, we had drilled approximately 50 of our planned 135 well program for this year. We recently initiated a 4-well 20-acre infill pilot program and we'll be testing the application of horizontal drilling in certain areas as well. We have significant running room in this high return light oil play, with more than 850 net risked locations remaining.  On our roughly 200,000 net acres in the Bone Springs oil play, we currently have 5 operated rigs running. We continue to have great results from our horizontal programs, on both the New Mexico and Texas sides of the play. In the second quarter, we completed 8 wells in the second Bone Springs interval in New Mexico, with 30-day average IP rates of 665 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This included one exceptionally strong well, the Diamond [ph] 1H that was brought online with an average 30-day IP rate of more than 1,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  Our Bone Springs well cost in New Mexico are running about $5 million per well, with EURs averaging 400,000 barrels equivalent. On the Texas side in the Bone Springs play, we completed our third well targeting the third Bone Springs interval. The 100% Devon-owned Talladega 65 2H was brought online recently. After 15 days of production, this well has averaged 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Although our Texas Bone Springs production history is limited to just a few wells, we are encouraged with the shallow declines we have seen to this point. With average EURs exceeding 600,000 barrels equivalent, and with well cost running about $7 million, these wells offer outstanding returns. We've planned out a third rig in the Texas side of the play later this year, bringing our total number of rigs working in the Bone Springs up to 6.  Also in the Permian, the Delaware is another conventional oil information that we are targeting with horizontal drilling. We completed 3 wells in the second quarter, including the Laguna Salada 6H that came online with a 30-day IP rate of more than 800 oil equivalent barrels per day. We now have 3 operated rigs drilling Delaware horizontal wells.  Elsewhere in the Permian basin, we are targeting 2 operated rigs in the Avalon Shale play. Our activity is now focused on our 65,000 net acres in the eastern portion of the play where condensate yields are higher. We currently have 3 wells in various stages of drilling or completion and should have those results for you next quarter.  And finally, in the Permian basin, we have assembled approximately 65,000 net acres in the southern end of the Midland Basin and the Wolfcamp Shale oil play. We are currently running 2 operated rigs with our first 3 wells in the play in various stages of drilling or completion. We hope to have results for you next quarter. This is a hot play in the industry, and with the positive indications we've seen to date, we now plan to drill 8 Wolfcamp Shale exploration wells in 2011.  In addition to the Midland Basin acreage, we have about 200,000 net acres in the Delaware Basin that is perspective for the Wolfcamp Shale. We're currently drilling our first well to test this formation's potential in the Delaware Basin.  Moving north to the Texas panhandle and the Granite Wash play, we continue to see solid results from our Cherokee and Granite Wash 8 [ph] wells. We are running 5 operated rigs here and brought 8 operated Granite Wash wells online during the second quarter. The 30-day IP rates from these wells averaged over 2,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 200 barrels of oil and 730 barrels of natural gas liquids per day.  Moving now to the Cana Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma. As everyone is well aware by now, our Cana gas processing plant was damaged by a tornado on May 24. It's worth noting that we have both property and business interruption insurance that Jeff will cover in more detail later. Work is underway to repair the damage and we expect the plant to be fully repaired and operational during the fourth quarter. We are confident of our year-end exit rate target for Cana of 275 million cubic feet equivalent per day, net to Devon's interest. In spite of the planned interruption, our second quarter net Cana production averaged 17% over the first quarter to a record 189 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including nearly 9,000 barrels per day of liquids.  To keep pace with our Cana Woodford growth and capture additional value from the liquids-rich portions in the field, we plan to begin the first expansion to our Cana gas processing plant later this year. The facility's initial processing capacity of 200 million cubic feet per day will be expanded to 350 million a day and will be capable of extracting up to 27,000 barrels of NGLs per day. The $125 million expansion is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2012. Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas. This field continues to be a significant and highly economic resource for us. Our 2011 program has yielded the best wells we have ever drilled in the Barnett. We have seen average EURs increase to 3.2 Bcf equivalent per day. We ran 13 operated rigs in the Barnett for most of the second quarter. Subsequent to June 30, we dropped one rig, bringing our operated rig count back to 12, where we expect to keep it for the remainder of the year. In the second quarter, we brought 114 Barnett wells online, with average 30-day IP rates of approximately 3.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including an average 125 barrels of liquids per day.  In the second quarter, our net production reached a record 1.28 Bcf equivalent per day, that is 1,280,000,000 cubic feet equivalent per day including 46,000 barrels of per day liquids. This represents a 5% sequential quarter increase and a 13% increase over the second quarter of last year.  With the high liquids yield we are seeing from our Barnett drilling combined with our outlook for gas and NGL product spreads, we recently made the decision to expand our Bridgeport gas processing plant for the seventh time. The 140-million-a-day expansion will provide an additional 11,000 barrels per day of NGL production capacity. The $160 million expansion is expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2013. Upon completion, the Bridgeport facility will have an inlet capacity of 790 million cubic feet per day, with an NGL production capacity of 65,000 barrels per day, making it one of the largest gas processing facilities in the lower 48.  On the exploration front, as John indicated, we are continuing to actively evaluate the oil and liquids potential on acreage within our portfolio that spans numerous play types across multiple basins in the U.S. and Canada. This includes several new ventures areas in the U.S. where we have assembled 1.1 million net acres. And in Niobrara, we have approximately 200,000 net acres in the Powder River Basin and 100,000 net acres in northern part of the DJ Basin. This is a very active industry play right now, with about 30 rigs working. Many of the industry wells drilled to date were drilled without the benefit of 3D data, making it difficult to target, identify and land in the appropriate zones. Our initial focus in the DJ Basin will be to utilize 3D to improve upon the lack of consistency demonstrated to date in this play by the industry.  We are currently drilling our first wells in both basins. We plan to drill or participate in 6 Niobrara wells in the Powder and 4 in the DJ basin in 2011.  In the Mississippi and oil play located in North Central Oklahoma, we have secured over 200,000 net acres. This is a play originally established by vertical production years ago, but is now being pursued with horizontal drilling. We drilled our first vertical well to gather data in the second quarter, and we're currently drilling our first horizontal well. In total, we plan to drill or participate in 12 to 15 wells in 2011.  There has been a lot of discussion lately of the Ohio Utica Shale. And as most of you know, Devon was an early mover. We've established 110,000 net acres in what we believe in the heart of the oil window. The primary risk to a shale play is of course the ability to move fluid through a very tight reservoir. However, we have now analyzed the core from our first Utica well and are highly encouraged by the positive permeability indications seen in our first well. Based on these early results, we believe the oil window could offer some of the best economics in the play. We plan to drill 3 additional Ohio Utica wells this year.  Just to the north is our 300,000 net acre position in the Michigan Basin is prospective for both the Utica Shale, as well as the A1 Carbonate. As you may know, this has historically been a prolific basin. We are particularly excited about the potential of the A1 Carbonate which was the source rock for the Niagaran Reef play in Michigan. We drilled our first 2 vertical core wells and are currently evaluating the data.  And finally, in the Tuscaloosa Shale play located along the Louisiana and Mississippi border, we recently completed drilling, coring and logging operations on our first well, the Lane 64-1. This is a vertical well that we drilled to obtain data. The rig has now moved up depth to the Beech Grove 68 1H (sic) [ 68H-1 ] where we plan to gather additional core and log data before drilling the lateral and completing it as our first horizontal in the Tuscaloosa.  Another exploration play that has recently caught the Street's attention is the Smackover Brown Dense oil play located in North Louisiana. We have about 40,000 net acres perspective in the play and expect to spot our first horizontal well in this play next month.  As I mentioned, we also have a significant exploration effort underway in Canada, targeting the deep basin where we have Cardium and lower Cretaceous drilling programs underway, as well as Cardium program in the Ferrier Area of our Central Alberta and our Viking program in Saskatchewan.  Although wet weather has delayed a portion of our Canadian exploration program, we still expect to complete our 2011 program. However, at our Viking light oil play in Saskatchewan, we did complete 2 wells in the second quarter, one of which IP-ed at 90 barrels of oil per day. We expect this play to be economic, with well costs in the $1 million to $1.2 million per well range, IPs of approximately 40 barrels per day and EURs of 50,000 barrels. While these results are encouraging, we're still in the early stages of evaluating the potential on our 900,000 net acre position. If successful, we could have more than 1,000 Viking drilling locations.  In summary, all of our key development projects are delivering excellent results, supporting our production growth targets. Growth is being driven by liquids growth in the high teens. In addition, we are entering a very exciting time on the exploration front as we get our first wells down in a variety of different plays.  With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey Agosta: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Before we move into the financial review for the quarter, I would like to remind everyone my comments will be focused on results from continuing operations. In other words, our North American onshore business. With the close of Brazil, this will be the last quarter that contains significant activity within discontinued operations.  For those of you interested in a more detailed review of our discontinued ops, we have provided supplemental tables in our news release. For today's call, I will limit my comments to those items that require additional commentary or were outside of our forecasted guidance range.  The first item I will cover is our production for the quarter. In the second quarter of 2011, our reported production totaled 60.1 million oil equivalent barrels or 660,000 Boe per day. This result set a quarterly production record for our North American onshore operations and represents a robust 5% growth rate over the first quarter and a greater than 6% increase over the year-ago quarter. Additionally, our production exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range by roughly 10,000 barrels per day, in spite of deferring production from Cana due to tornado damage at our plant there.  Our outperformance was driven by strong results from our core properties. Also, a gas royalty adjustment in Canada boosted reported second quarter production by about 7,000 barrels per day.  Looking specifically at the liquids side of our business, our oil and natural gas liquids production averaged 220,000 barrels per day for the quarter, a 12% increase over the year-ago period. The most noteworthy year-over-year growth came in the U.S., led by strong growth from the Barnett, Cana and Permian basin, we increased our second quarter U.S. oil and NGL production by 22% over the second quarter of last year. Looking ahead, we expect downtime at our Cana processing facility to curtail third quarter production by roughly 10,000 Boe per day. In spite of this temporary curtailment, we still expect third quarter production to range between 655,000 and 665,000 barrels per day.  Our sequential quarter production growth for the third quarter will be masked by the tornado impacted Cana volumes and the 7,000 Boe per day royalty adjustment in Canada that we reported in the second quarter.  For the full year, we are now raising the bottom end of our production forecast by 2 million barrels to a range of 238 million to 240 million barrels. When compared to 2010, the midpoint of our updated guidance range implies a top-line production growth rate of more than 7% for our North American onshore properties. This growth will be achieved in spite of deferring approximately 2.5 million barrels of production due to severe weather, principally the damage to the Cana plant.  Turning to hedges. In the second quarter, cash settlements from oil and gas hedges totaled $59 million. These settlements boosted our company-wide average price by about $1 per Boe in the quarter.  Since our last conference call, we have continued to bolster our natural gas hedge position. In the second half of this year, we now have a combination of swap and collar contracts covering approximately 980 million cubic feet per day at a weighted average protected price of $5.28 per Mcf.  We have also more than doubled our natural gas hedge position for next year. For the full year of 2012, we now have hedges covering 850 million cubic feet per day, with a weighted average protected price just under $5 per Mcf. However, 60% of these hedged volumes are done using collars. Therefore, we still maintain upside on these volumes should natural gas pricing improve. We will post an updated hedging schedule in our 8-K filing and on our website that provides a detailed view of our 2011 and '12 hedge positions.  Turning now to our Midstream business, In addition to our strong upstream performance, Devon's marketing and midstream operations also delivered outstanding results. Operating profit for the second quarter came in at $148 million, well above the high end of our implied guidance range. Strong NGL prices and increased throughput drove the increase. Looking ahead, we expect the downtime at our Cana processing facility to reduce our third quarter marketing and midstream operating profit to a range of $120 million to $140 million. However, for the full year, in spite of the setback at Cana, we now expect our operating profit to come in between $515 million and $545 million. This represents an increase of $20 million from our previous guidance.  It is worth noting, as Dave mentioned, that we are well-insured for both the property damage and business interruption that has occurred at our Cana facility. Our policy deductibles are $2.5 million per property damage and a 30-day wait for business interruption. After the 30-day waiting period, our business interruption coverage pays for the loss of production, not only from the wells that were producing at the time of the storm, but also for the ramp up of volumes that would be occurring from the wells that we are drilling. Consequently, our risk management has mitigated most of the financial impact of this incident.  Looking now at our expenses. In the second quarter, most expense items came in the bottom half of our guidance range. Our focus on controlling costs, combined with our high-graded asset base has helped offset both industry inflation and the headwinds of the strengthening Canadian dollar.  Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we anticipate continued upward pressure on costs. However, we are confident that our scale and key operating regions and consistent focus on cost management will allow us to mitigate much of the impact of inflation.  Looking at our income taxes, Devon's reported second quarter income tax from continuing operations came in at $1.2 billion. This implies an 87% tax rate on pretax income from continuing ops. The most significant item that influenced our quarterly tax rate was a $744 million charge related to the assumed repatriation of foreign earnings to the U.S. This is essentially a non-cash charge which results from a required accounting exercise that assumes that we will repatriate a substantial portion of these funds under current U.S. tax law. However, as John mentioned earlier in the call, we have not repatriated these funds and they currently reside outside the U.S. In any case, after backing out the assumed repatriation charge and the impact of other nonrecurring items, you'd get an adjusted tax rate of 32% which is right in line with our guidance.  Going to the bottom line, Devon's solid second quarter performance and the profitable sale of our assets in Brazil translated into record GAAP earnings of $2.7 billion. After backing out the nonrecurring items, our adjusted earnings totaled $726 million or $1.71 per diluted share. Our cash flows before balance sheet changes totaled $1.6 billion. As John mentioned earlier, this was a solid beat on both earnings per share and cash flow.  Before we go to the Q&A, I would like to provide a quick update on our financial position. In the second quarter, Devon's cash inflows totaled $4.8 billion. After funding all capital demands for the quarter, repurchasing $584 million of common stock and paying out $72 million in dividends, our cash and short-term investments increased by over $3 billion during the quarter, reaching a total of $6.7 billion. As a result, our net debt declined to just $1.2 billion and our net debt to cap ratio declined to just 5%.  Following the end of the quarter in the month of July, we issued $2.25 billion of senior notes through a combination of 5-, 10- and 30-year offerings. This allowed us to take advantage of today's attractive market conditions to fund our upcoming $1.75 billion of debt maturing in September, as well as reduce our outstanding short-term borrowings. In summary, we are excited about Devon's future and believe that we are well-positioned to compete effectively. Our financial position provides us with significant strength. As importantly, our assets are performing very well. We remain focused on maximizing our operating margins, exercising capital discipline and optimizing growth for debt-adjusted share. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A. Vince?
Vincent White: On this session today, we have, not just the speakers, but our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols is with us and as usual we'll ask each participant to limit his or her questions to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess I'll direct this one to John. John, you've got an awful lot of options on the table, in terms of your -- what is a pretty exciting exploration program going forward. Assuming that at least several of those work, what would your capital priority be in terms of future capital expenditure, in terms of obviously you're still maintaining a lot of capital in the Barnett, particular, how would you look to flex the capital program, would the capital program go up or would you reprioritize within the portfolio? And I have a quick follow up, please.
John Richels: Well, Doug, I mean, certainly, with our financial position where it is, we've got the ability to pursue a lot of opportunities. I think what we'll have to do is we're really excited about these new opportunities that we're pursuing. We'll have to see when we have more data, how they stack up one against another. Over a longer period of time having -- that's a high-class problem to have, or a high-grade problem to have, if we have that many opportunities, but we'll just have to see exactly what the economics look like. We are, as you mentioned, we're getting great economics and greater returns out of our Barnett Shale program. Even at $4.50 gas this year, that play is going to cash flow somewhere at $1.8 billion on $1 billion investment of capital and we're getting great results out of Cana and some of our other development programs. We'll just have to see how they all stack up and how much we want to invest to bring the value forward on these new opportunities.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. My follow-up is actually kind of a related question. It's maybe one for David, but the rig count, could you give us some ideas as to how you see the trajectory, let's say, through the balance of this year. I guess, included in the question, the drilling efficiencies that you're seeing from the existing rig count, is that improving? Because it looks like we're seeing some significant change in the context of your very production numbers.
David Hager: Yes, Doug, I would say that for the rest of this year, we see our rig count staying essentially flat and we're still finalizing our plans, as we look forward to 2012. So I don't want to predate our process, internal process, here too much, but probably we're going to be looking at somewhat of a flat program next year also compared to this year. And on the efficiency side, yes, we're continuing to see increased efficiencies throughout our program and we're continuing to see it in the Barnett, we're seeing it in Cana. Obviously that's part of the reason we actually had a capital increase here, we announced a few weeks ago, because we're drilling so many more wells and we're keeping the rigs for the full year, then we're getting more wells drilled than we originally anticipated. But that is the good news, and we're taking those learnings on how to do that throughout our entire program including our new ventures area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Looking at the Utica Shale. Obviously a lot of cheddar on that and you guys indicated you saw some pretty encouraging things as you looked at your vertical core. Can you just, in generally, just talk about what specifically you see within that core that gets you excited and how you kind of compare some of the attributes versus some of the other liquids-rich plays you are involved in?
John Richels: Well, I don't want to get too much into the specific analysis of it. But I can say, obviously, that we have a lot of experience in looking at a lot of shale plays throughout the U.S. and we understand what we need, in terms of what type of permeability is necessarily, especially in light of the fact that we are primarily in the oil window and it is a normally pressured oil window. It's not overpressured. So, obviously, you need a little bit higher perm in order to move the oil through, but I think we understand that and we know where the permeability is and we're encouraged. And the ultimate test, obviously, is to drill some horizontal wells out there and we don't have any horizontal wells, but we think we have a pretty good understanding from our vast numbers of horizontal wells we drilled throughout the North America that we understand the relationship pretty well and we're optimistic.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then turning to the Permian, obviously, it seem like you continue to step up activity and you're seeing some good things there. What is your rig counts specifically in that area? And how many rigs do you think you're going to be operating in the Permian as you look into 2012?
John Richels: We are currently running 19 rigs in the Permian and I can break those net rig count down for you in a little bit more detail. We have 5 rigs -- I think, I pretty well did it in the prepared remarks, but there are 5 in the Bone Springs, 5 in the Wolfberry, 3 in the Delaware horizontal program, 2 in the Avalon, 2 in the new Wolfcamp Shale play that I described in the Southern Midland Basin where we've assembled 65,000 acres and a couple of others that are drilling conventional oil plays within the basin. We see that program staying pretty flat going into next year, but we're very excited with the results that we have achieved with that. We'll have to see -- if we do have continued success, we might move the rig count up a little bit or limit it a little bit by the infrastructure availability out there and just as we need to mature the play. So it's possible, it might move up a little bit as we move into next year, I wouldn't see -- look for a doubling or anything like though of the rig count. But it's probably perhaps a small increase in the rig count moving into 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Just a couple of quick things. David, you may have done this, but frankly you're just going too fast for me to possibly keep up. But I didn't hear you talk about any kind of recent drilling results in the Avalon?
David Hager: Yes, when -- I didn't go through that in a lot of detail, Mark. I would say that what we're finding in the Avalon, so far, is that we are seeing strong gas rates in the Avalon. We are seeing, as we move from west to east in the Avalon, that we get -- that it becomes more liquids-rich and we haven't drilled as many wells in the central and eastern part of the play as we started our program in the Western. So right now we are moving into the part of the play that is more liquids-rich in the most economic part of the play and we really need to get some completions on that part of the play before I can talk in any more specifics.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay, Dave. My follow-up relates to what you think in terms of the liquids content of the program going forward into Barnett and the Cana? I mean, obviously the more recent wells are yielding a much higher liquids content than you've seen in your base production in the areas. Do you have any thoughts on what that looks like going forward?
David Hager: Well, we talked about plant expansions in both those areas. And so, obviously, that gives you an idea that we have a deep inventory of liquids-rich opportunities in both those areas. In the Barnett, we probably have about 2,000 locations in the liquids-rich part of the play and we're getting outstanding economics in the liquids-rich part of the play, both in the Barnett and in Cana. And so we see -- and frankly in Cana, we have not drilled as much in the core of the Cana as we have around the core. That's the only area in the company where we have had to drill some wells in order to get it held by production. We focused part of our program on that versus infilling in the core which is very liquids-rich. So we see tremendous opportunities there also to infill the core. You've seeing how our downspacing projects have worked well, so we anticipate that we're going to have a strong liquids growth and that's part of the reason why we're expanding the plant in Cana as well.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: If I could just follow up, what I'm trying to get a handle on is, at the margin, do you think the liquids rates that you're seeing in both those plays can be sustained at what we're seeing right now? Can they go higher? Are they likely to back off?
Vincent White: Mark, this is Vince. I'll give you a couple of observations. About 22% of the BTUs coming out of the Barnett right now are liquids. We are focusing our activity on the liquids-rich portions of the play. So if the relative economics continue to favor the liquids-rich portion, we would expect the percentage of our BTUs in the Barnett that are liquids to go up. Following the de-risking of the Cana, if the current -- the market conditions are similar to what they are now, that highly favor liquids-rich drilling over dry portions, then we would expect to increase the liquids yield, as a percentage of the total BTU stream out of the Cana just like in the Barnett.
David Hager: And Mark, we talked from time-to-time about the fact that we were not going to increase our processing capacity in those areas for a short term because we want to make sure that we efficiently allocate that capital. And the fact that we're expanding our processing capacity in both of those plays shows you where we think that liquids volumes are going here in the next while.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Following up on some of those Permian questions. With regards to the various Delaware Basin horizontal zones, you seemed to be getting good results out of the second Bone Spring in New Mexico, the third Bone Spring in Texas and you just discussed the Avalon here. Can you provide a bit more color on the first Bone Spring in New Mexico and then whether you see any of the 3 Bone Spring zones, along with the Avalon, commercially overlapping on your acreage?
John Richels: Well the first Bone Springs is also perspective -- is perspective a little bit further to the north, basically as you move from north to south, you go from the prospectivity being in the first Bone Springs to the second Bone Springs. And then once you cross the New Mexico-Texas line there then the third Bone Springs is primary perspective on the Texas side. But there is some overlap though between the first and second Bone Springs. And so yes the first Bone Springs is perspective as well on the New Mexico side. It's not -- I don't want to give you the idea that it's strictly a resource play type though. It's the first and second Bone Springs are more channel sands, so you have to make sure that you stay in the channels. And then as you move down into Texas, those channels essentially splay out and they become like a deepwater depositional system and when you go off the shelf edge and that's where you get the really high rates in the third Bone Springs, once those channels splay out on the Texas side.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: As a follow-up, when we look at the cash currently outside the U.S., can we talk a little bit more about potential capital allocation, how does your ability to repatriate that cash into the U.S. versus move it towards Canada impact your willingness to expand new venture acreage position versus buyback additional stock versus make larger acquisitions?
David Hager: There's a lot of questions there, Brian, but, let me take a crack at that. I mean, right now obviously, as Jeff mentioned, we're still trying to sort out the income tax rules to see whether we could bring it back to the U.S. What it does do is to the extent that we allocate some of those funds in Canada, we've got a lot of projects there as well. We've got a very ambitious program for our thermal heavy oil. I'm excited about the growth there. It allow us to invest some funds at a -- that will create a higher return because they're not as opposed to bringing them back and paying the tax. So that's something that we're trying to work out, trying to figure out the optimal capital allocation between the U.S. and Canada. And with regard to share buybacks, unfortunately, I thought at one time it would be clever if we bought our shares back through our Canadian subsidiary, but the folks at the IRS have all that figured out as well and we can't do that with any advantage. But in terms of buying back our stock, we're going to do what we always have. And looking ahead, determine what's going to create the best debt adjusted share returns and best [ph] metrics for our shareholders and allocate that capital appropriately between our E&P opportunities and buying back stock. And as you know, we haven't been shy about that. We bought back about 20% of our stock in the last 6 or 7 years. So we'll have to see all of that sorts out over the next while. We're certainly hopeful that we're seeing, at least, some modicum of acceptance or positive indication of maybe being able to bring some of those funds back. Jeff, do you have any other comment?
Jeffrey Agosta: Yes, I would just add, Brian, we're not inhibited in bringing that cash back. We're just really wanting to see how any potential changes to U.S. tax law may play out over the coming months to see if we can bring that back at an enhanced tax rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wilmoth from Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: You guys mentioned infrastructure constraints in the Permian. Can you give us more details on that and what your outlook is for the remainder of the year in 2012, in terms of Permian infrastructure?
David Hager: Well, we see the infrastructure continue to expand throughout next year and the following year. There is particularly on the New Mexico side, there is really a lack of natural gas processing capability from the region and so you really can't ramp up the liquids-rich play significantly in the area where you're talking about the Avalon potential of New Mexico, so that is a constraint. The rest of the areas, I would not characterize really as being infrastructure constrained. I'd say it's more, it's just how quickly we can mature those plays and feel comfortable that we've properly de-risked the plays.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons & Company International: Okay, and then just following up on your 2012 rig count assumption, you said probably flattish for next year. Is that assuming a ramp-up in some emerging plays or is that if you have success, could that go higher?
David Hager: Well it potentially could go higher with success, yes. And so we're committed, obviously, to balance though to stay -- to balance our opportunities against our -- stay in very strong financially also, and so we've got to put all of that together. And if we have significant success in these plays, we'd have to see, as John mentioned, just how we handle that situation, but there are a lot of options for us to bring value forward in the event that we have success in these plays through partnering relationships, et cetera. So there's a lot of different ways to solve that problem if that does occur.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: A couple of questions. Canadian -- I guess I got two questions, Canadian exploration can you talk -- you talked a little bit about the Viking, the Cardium and some of the Cretaceous stuff that you're doing, but can you talk -- give us a little more color what you're most excited about, maybe horizontal potential, are you going horizontal? Can you just give us more detail on that up in Canada?
John Richels: Yes, we're excited about all of them. And frankly we're excited about the fact that we have 4 million acres in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and we have done very little exploitation of those for liquids-rich and oil-type opportunities. So we see a very large number of opportunities that could emerge from there. The 3 that we've been traditionally highlighting so far this year are the Viking light oil potential that I mentioned, where we're going to have 1,000 to 2,000 locations across our acreage, 9,000 acres in Saskatchewan. The Cardium light oil play that -- where we have drilled a some wells in the Ferrier Area. But more importantly up in the Deep Basin, we think we have at least 80,000 prospective acres for the Cardium. And then also in the Deep Basin, we're going to be start drilling this fall what we call our Vertizontal Program where we are going to be taking wells that would go actually horizontal in the deepest zone, which will be the Cardomin [ph] and then also complete simultaneously in some of the vertical zones in some of the stacked pay areas. But in addition to that, we're drilling a number of different wells and a number of different play types up there that, with success, all of which could amount -- could be significant and I've got a whole list here of ones we could go through, but it's not worth going through all the details on all of them, but there's just a large number of opportunities, but we're just at the front end of evaluating all these.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, all right, let me burn my follow-up on something else. John, you kind of alluded to it, but didn't directly answer the question or didn't answer the question I was looking for. What's the plans for 2012 share buyback?
John Richels: We haven't made those plans yet, David. As we get into -- as we talked before, what we're trying -- what we're doing is -- there's always -- there's kind of a level of activity we have to have in the company, right? Which is just to maintain our organization capacity, our service sector capacity to meet our throughput commitments, our processing facility optimization, all of those things. After that, we want to be very thoughtful and dispassionate, frankly, in our views as to whether we're better off allocating funds to share buybacks or capital programs, and we want to allocate it to those areas that are going to create the best returns and the best debt adjusted share returns for our shareholders. Now as we get further through the year and we haven't obviously finalized or even come close to our 2012 capital budget, there are a lot of moving parts. And our view as to whether we ought to be buying our stock back rather than investing in our E&P programs is dependent on our stock price, on our view of commodity prices for the future, on our view of costs in the future and how that influences our per debt adjusted share metrics. So we'll have to -- we'll have to see how we -- what we do in 2012. 2011, we were really happy to be able to do a lot of each. And as Vince has mentioned before, we sold roughly 8% to 10% of the company for 23% of the enterprise value and significantly shrunk our balance sheet and that's creating some very good returns and good per-share accretion for our shareholders. So we'll just have to see, I can't give you a more definite answer than that because we're still in the early stages of determining what 2012 looks like.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid of FBR Company.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just a quick one, can we compare the Powder and the DJ Niobrara? Is it going to the same kind of variability you think to where we could...
John Richels: It's a little too early to say on that. I think that as you are in the DJ Niobrara, you probably have a little bit more chalk in those, which would give you greater confidence that it's going to be brittle and will frac easier, so we think that's certainly a positive. There haven't -- the activity is slowly moving north in the Powder River Basin and there have been some positive results in the Powder River Basin, but it's still a little too early to know -- just the frac-ability of the reservoir is probably the biggest risk that exists up in the Powder River Basin, and as we and others drill more, we'll learn more about that. But we think overall it will work, but that's probably the biggest risk that sits out there. It's just how much -- when you have less chalk, you have other material in the Niobrara that will allow it to frac to the degree that it does in the DJ Basin.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Got it. And a follow-up, if I may. Just the new ventures activity as you pick up acreage all across the country, is there a common geological theme that you're focusing on that you can share?
John Richels: Well, I'd say a common theme is that we want to get in, not so much geologically, but we want to get in -- we want to make money with these plays, is probably the most common theme, and so we get in early in these plays. We get very reasonable lease turns. We get very low -- we get low royalties. We get positions with scales so that if we have success, we can apply economies of scale and get the well cost down and we can create a lot of values. But our organization has the capability to evaluate a lot of different plays, so I don't think I'd say, I'd generalize as much on the geology as -- we're focused on making money.
Vincent White: Okay, it's the top of the hour. We'd like to thank everybody for participating in today's call and remind you that the Investor Relations staff will be around for the remainder of the day for any follow-up or for those that we didn't have a chance to get to in the question queue. Thanks for your participation.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Darryl Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Midstream David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Kistler - Simmons & Company International Mark Polak - Scotia Capital Inc. David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research S. Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Gilbert Van Voorden Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you, operator, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.  For today's call, as usual, I'll begin with a few preliminary items and then I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. He will provide his perspective. And then Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, will cover the operating highlights. Following Dave's remarks, Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer, will finish up with a financial review. We will follow with a Q&A period. And as usual, we'll hold the call to about an hour. Darryl Smette, who is our Senior Vice President of -- Executive Vice President of Marketing and Midstream; sorry, Darryl, and other senior members of management are with us today for the Q&A session. As always, we'll ask each participant on the call to limit his or her questions to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. A replay of the call will be available later today through a link on our Home page, that's www.devonenergy.com.  During the call today, we will make some minor refinements to our forward-looking estimates for items such as production, capital expenditures and our hedge position. But since the revisions are so minor, we're not going to issue a new 8-K. We'll just post the changes to our Guidance page on our website. To find that, just click on the Guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of the Devon website.  Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecast, expectations, estimates and so on are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while many factors could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates, we always strive to give you the very best guidance we can. We encourage you to review a discussion of risk factors if you're so inclined that is provided with our Form 8-K forecast. We will reference certain non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use these measures, we're required to provide certain related disclosures and those disclosures can also be found on the Devon website.  One final item, while our first quarter cash flow per share significantly beat the consensus estimate, our earnings per share from continuing operations came in about $0.05 shy of consensus. Production was better than expected and our pretax cost per barrel were lower than the midpoint of our guidance. However, our deferred taxes were higher than expected. Total adjusted income tax expense for the quarter of 34% of pretax earnings was 4 percentage points over the midpoint of our guidance.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. John?
John Richels: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. First quarter of 2011 was really an outstanding one for Devon. Our North American onshore production increased 7% compared to the first quarter of 2010, exceeding the top end of our guidance range. We achieved this year-over-year production growth in spite of first quarter production outages resulting from severe weather. In addition, production growth accelerated as we exited the first quarter. We're very confident that we will deliver on our second quarter 2011 production forecast of 645,000 to 655,000 equivalent barrels per day. This represents an increase of about 3.5% over the first quarter.  We remain on track to deliver on our full year 2000 production forecast of 236 million to 240 million barrels of oil equivalent. And in addition, we expect to shrink our balance sheet with share repurchases and a reduction in net debt. This should drive our 2011 production growth per debt adjusted share to a rate in the mid-teens.  Devon also delivered an excellent first quarter performance from a cost-containment perspective. Continued focus on cost containment, mitigated industry inflation and the impact of the stronger Canadian dollar. As a result, Devon actually saw a decrease in unit cost versus the year-ago quarter.  As Dave is going to discuss later in the call, we continued executing on our North American onshore strategy with excellent results from our key development projects, and we also made some encouraging progress on the exploration front.  In the first quarter, we generated $1.5 billion of cash flow before balance sheet changes. This cash flow from operations and the liquidity provided through our strategic repositioning comfortably funded our capital programs and returned nearly $800 million to our shareholders in the form of stock buybacks and dividends. Of the $3.5 billion authorized per share repurchases in May of 2010, we've now spent about $2.1 billion. We have purchased with that more than 28 million shares or just over 6% of our outstanding shares at an average price of roughly $73 per share. This brings our total shares repurchase since 2004 up to 95 million shares or roughly 20% of our shares outstanding. As we previously indicated, we expect to complete our share repurchase program by year end.  I'm sure by now that most of you are aware of the recent statements to the press by Brazilian authorities indicating that approval of the $3.2 billion sale of our Brazilian assets to BP is imminent. Based on their statements, we expect this transaction to close within the next few weeks. With the strategic repositioning that we began in November of 2009 now substantially complete, I could not be more pleased with the results. The repositioned company has all of the attributes necessary to deliver superior per share growth. We're generating excellent full cycle returns, we have superior financial strength and we have a very deep inventory of highly economic low-risk development projects. The depths and breadths of our balanced North American property portfolio provides us with a compelling strategic advantage, the luxury of easily shifting capital in response to changing market conditions. Unlike many of our peers, we can focus our capital on economic, liquids opportunities within our existing portfolio. Because we've always valued a liquids to gas balance, we already have a vast inventory of liquids opportunities, including the Canadian oil sands, the Permian Basin, the Barnett Shale, the Cana-Woodford Shale and the Granite Wash.  In addition, we continue to replenish and build upon that inventory with our new ventures activities. In 2011, we're allocating well over 90% of our upstream capital towards oil and liquids-rich opportunities. This will enable us to grow our year-over-year oil and natural gas liquids production at a rate in the high teens. And inevitably at some point in the future, gas prices will recover and incentivize the drilling of dry gas place. Since the vast majority of our properties are held by production, we can easily maintain our dry gas positions in the option value they represent. In the meantime, we'll continue to allocate our capital to oil and liquids-rich growth projects to generate strong rates of return in the current environment.  This in summary, we remain fully committed to optimizing our growth on a per-share basis adjusted for debt. And in order to achieve that goal, we remain keenly focused on exercising capital discipline, maximizing our full cycle margins and maintaining a high degree of financial strength and flexibility.  So with that overview, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager for our review of our quarterly operating highlights. Dave?
David Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Before I get started, I want to point out a couple of changes we're making this quarter to our operational disclosures. In this morning's earnings release, we have included a table that details production, operated rigs and wells drilled by key operating areas. The absence of this information from my remarks combined with our efforts to streamline the discussion of quarterly results should result in a more concise call and leave more time for your questions.  So with that, let's look at our E&P program. The majority of our 2011 E&P program is focused on execution of our low-risk, repeatable development plays like the Barnett, the Cana and Jackfish. We also have upside potential with funds devoted to the evaluation and de-risking of various emerging plays in the Permian, the Rockies and in Canada. In addition, we have allocated capital to the acquisition of additional acreage and drilling of the initial wells and a handful of new opportunities that we have not previously disclosed. One of which I will identify today.  Looking first in our thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta. We wrapped up the final commissioning activities for Jackfish 2 in the first quarter and expect to begin injecting steam in the next couple of weeks with first plant oil for later this year. Jackfish 2 production will continue ramping up throughout 2012. Our regulatory application for Jackfish 3 continues to progress through the review process.  At Pike, our SAGD oil sands joint venture with BP, we began appraisal drilling in the fourth quarter and continued throughout most of the first quarter. In total, we drilled 135 stratigraphic core wells this winter and acquired some 60 square miles of 3D seismic data. Although additional seismic interpretation work will be done in the coming months, results from the strat drilling program were in line with our expectations.  Our 2011 drilling efforts were concentrated around the north-central portion of our Pike acreage and confirmed sufficient resources for at least one 300 million barrel project. Ultimately, we expect Pike to yield 4 or 5 similar size projects. We hope to begin the regulatory approval process for the first phase of Pike in the first half of 2012. Planning is already underway for next winter's drilling strat program and seismic program aimed at further refining our view on additional Pike prospects.  Our combined interest in the Jackfish and Pike projects represent estimated risk resource potential of 1.4 billion barrels net to Devon. The development of these projects is expected to drive our net SAGD production from the 3,000 barrels per day, we are currently producing to at least 150,000 barrels per day by 2020. This is based on the acreage we currently have in hand, without any additional acreage acquisitions.  Moving now to the Bone Springs play in the Permian Basin, Devon has established a position, covering 185,000 net acres. We currently have 3 operated rigs running. Our initial activity has been focused in 2 primary areas of the play. We have been running 2 rigs targeting the first and second Bone Springs interval in Northern Eddy and Lea County in New Mexico.  Our second focus area targets the third Bone Springs on the Texas side in Reeves and Loving Counties. In the first quarter, we have completed our second well targeting this third Bone Springs interval and the results were quite impressive. The 100% Devon owned Talladaga 65 #1H was brought online, with an average 30-day IP rate of more than 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We recently added another rig to the Texas side of the play in the second quarter, bringing the total number of rigs we have focused on the Bone Springs to 4.  Also in the Permian Basin and the Avalon Shale Play, we're currently running 3 rigs. We are still in the early stages of evaluating our acreage position. However, based on drilling results to date, it appears, as you move east within the play, condensate yields improve. For example, the Cotton Draw Unit 134H in the eastern portion of the play was brought online late in the first quarter. For the 12 days, the well was flowing back before a shut in for installation of a pump, the well averaged 534 barrels of condensate per day and 2.5 million cubic feet of gas per day. Production history from similar wells in the area appears to support ultimate recoveries of between 400,000 and 500,000 barrels of oil equivalent. With approximately 60,000 net acres located in the eastern part of the play, Devon is well positioned in the liquids-rich portion of the play.  Moving north to the Granite Wash play in the Texas panhandle, we continue to see solid results from our Cherokee and Granite Wash A wells. The Wright 151-2H completed in the Granite Wash A was brought online in the first quarter with a 30-day IP rate of nearly 2,800 oil equivalent barrels per day, including 690 barrels of oil and 704 barrels of NGLs. We also drilled our first Granite Wash B Well during the quarter. The Eden 11 4H was brought on line with a 30-day IP rate of 1,700 oil equivalent barrels per day, including 340 barrels of oil and 410 barrels of NGLs.  In total, Devon brought 6 operated Granite Wash wells online during the first quarter. 30-day IP rates from these wells averaged 1,760 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 250 barrels of oil and 490 barrels of natural gas liquids per day. We believe that we have about 700 risk undrilled locations in the Granite Wash.  Moving now to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, where we are continuing to see outstanding results. First quarter production reached a record 162 million cubic feet equivalent per day. This puts us well on track to reach our year-end target of 250 million cubic feet equivalent per day. We continue to aggressively de-risk our position and secure the term acreage we acquired last year located northwest of the core area. Initial drilling results from this extension area indicate attractive rates of return, which should compete favorably for capital within our portfolio.  In our Cana infill pilot program we initiated last year in the core area, production history from our 500-foot space wells continued to perform well. As a result, we plan to drill 3 additional infill pilot programs later this year. The additional production history gain from these infill wells should further support our position that 8 to 10 wells per section is the correct spacing in the core area.  Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, our initial plan calls for running 12 rigs throughout 2011. However, as we enter the year, we had 13 rigs running in the Barnett. Given the tightness in the market, we decided to retain the 13th rig with a thought that we could probably need it in the Granite Wash as we de-risk that position. Given our recent success in the Granite Wash program, we will be moving that rig up there during the second quarter. And in addition, we picked up a 14th rig in the Barnett during late March. This is a high-efficiency rig being dropped by another company and we secured it to high grade our fleet. We will drop a lower efficiency rig, bringing our operated Barnett rig count back to 12 where we expect to keep it for the remainder of the year.  Our net production continue to grow during the first quarter, and we exited the quarter producing over 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day, including 43,000 barrels of NGLs and condensate per day. Remarkably, our Barnett production has climbed in spite of reducing our rig count over the last 12 months. Our deep inventory of undrilled locations is some of the best parts of the play has allowed us to high grade our drilling program which, in turn, has yielded higher IP rates. In the first quarter, we brought 103 Barnett wells online with average 30-day IP rates of approximately 2.7 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including an average of 137 barrels of liquids per day.  We also continue to improve results with pad drilling and other drilling efficiencies in the Barnett. By further reducing the number of days it takes to drill a well, we are able to mitigate rising service cost. In 2010, we averaged 13.3 days from spud to rig release. While so far in 2011, we're averaging just 12.6 days.  On the exploration front, we continue to actively evaluate the oil and liquids potential on our acreage within our portfolio that spans numerous play types across multiple basins in the U.S. and Canada. In Canada, for instance, at our Viking light oil play in Saskatchewan, we drilled 3 wells in the first quarter. We are still in the early stages of evaluating our acreage position, but believe we could have between 1,000 and 2,000 Viking drilling locations.  And in addition, we had 3 Cardium wells drilled at the end of the quarter in the Deep Basin of Alberta. Of our nearly 600,000 net acres in the Deep Basin, we believe at least 80,000 acres is perspective for the Cardium. We expect to complete both the Viking and Cardium wells in the second quarter.  In the Rocky Mountains, our exploration efforts are focused on evaluating several Cretaceous oil objectives, including the Niobrara and Parkman on our 220,000 net acres in the Powder River Basin. We have 3 rigs currently running, with 2 drilling Parkman wells and one drilling for the Niobrara. In the first quarter, we drilled 4 Parkman wells which are all scheduled to be completed in the second quarter. We will keep you updated on our progress as we move forward.  We have been telling you for sometime now about our goal to identify and establish large acreage positions in highly economic plays at reasonable prices. We have continued building these new venture positions and now have roughly 850,000 net acres and a handful of new plays, primarily targeting oil and liquid rich gas.  While we are still actively leasing in several of these plays, we're not ready to discuss them all, we have largely secured our position in one new area that I will tell you about today. The Tuscaloosa Shale is located along Louisiana and Mississippi border. This is a Cretaceous age formation that is stratigraphically equivalent to the Eagle Ford Shale. It is approximately 200 to 400 feet thick, at depths of 11,000 to 14,000 feet across our acreage position. Oil production has been established, up dip in the play from the Tuscaloosa Shale. We plan to utilize horizontal drilling and fracture simulation to enhance the productivity of the reservoir in both the oil and liquids-rich portion of the play. We have leased or have committed under contract approximately 250,000 prospective net acres at an average cost of $180 per acre. We plan to drill our first 2 horizontal wells in the play this year.  In total, first quarter capital expenditures for North American onshore exploration and development totaled $1.5 billion. Our 2011 capital budget is front-end loaded due to our winter drilling program in Canada and because most of our 2011 SAGD expenditures occurred early in the year. However, the $1.5 billion of upstream capital spent in the first quarter is about $100 million over our internal budget.  Two areas drove most of this overspent. First, activity levels on properties operated by others exceeded the level we expected; and second, some smaller working interest owners and properties operated by Devon were unable to fund their share of capital, thereby allowing us to step in for a greater interest in these projects. While this will likely push us to the higher end of the range we provided for capital expenditures, it should also result in greater production later in the year and into 2012.  So in summary, our key developed projects are delivering excellent results. Accordingly, we are highly confident of meeting our production growth targets. This growth is being driven by strong, double-digit liquids growth. And we are making substantial progress on the exploration front.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey Agosta: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone. Before we move into the financial review of the quarter, I want to remind everyone, my comments will be focused on results from continuing operations or in other words, our North American Onshore business. For those of you interested in a more detailed review of our discontinued operations, we have provided supplemental tables in our news release.  As John mentioned earlier, first quarter results were very strong and most income statement in key operating metrics were right in line with our expectations. For today's call, I will only review those items that require additional commentary or are outside our forecasted guidance range.  The first item I will cover is our production performance. We produced 56.6 million equivalent barrels from continuing operations or approximately 629,000 barrels per day. This exceeded the top end of our guidance range by roughly 4,000 barrels per day. First quarter production benefited from better than expected performance from key properties, including the Cana-Woodford and Barnett Shales.  When compared to the first quarter of 2010, our North American Onshore production increased 7%. This growth was achieved in spite of production interruptions caused by severe winter weather in the first quarter of '11. The most significant portion of this year-over-year growth came from U.S. oil and NGL production. Gains in the Cana, Permian Basin and Barnett drove this growth.  Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2011, we anticipate continued strong growth. The midpoint of our guidance range of 645,000 to 655,000 barrels per day implies an increase in sequential quarter production nearly 3.5%. This growth is driven by the same areas that drove our first quarter results, the Cana, Permian Basin and Barnett.  Given our performance thus far, we feel very comfortable with our forecast for liquids production growth in the high teens, driving overall top line production growth of 6% to 8% in 2011. While we are clearly on track to come in at the high end of this range, we are not modifying our full year guidance at this time.  On the pricing front, the major story for the quarter was the robust oil price environment. Geopolitical tensions and strong worldwide demand resulted in WTI oil price surpassing $100 a barrel in early March. The strength in oil prices provided a good opportunity to hedge oil at historically attractive levels. As we have discussed in the past, we try to protect the price on roughly half of our expected production of both oil and natural gas. Our objective is to strike an appropriate balance between managing risk and retaining exposure to upside volatility.  For the full year of 2012, we now have 76,000 barrels per day, hedged through various swap and causes collar contracts. Of this amount, 22,000 barrels per day were swapped at a weighted average price of $107 per barrel, and the remaining position utilizes collars with a weighted average ceiling of $126 and a floor of $86.  Natural gas price volatility has also provided an opportunity to boost our hedge position. For the second quarter of this year, we added 550 million cubic feet per day of hedges, increasing our total hedged production for the second quarter to roughly 1.3 Bcf per day. This position covers approximately 50% of our expected natural gas production in the second quarter, with a weighted average protected price of $4.95.  We have also begun adding gas hedges for next year. For the full year of 2012, we now have swap and collar contracts covering nearly 400 million cubic feet per day, with a weighted average protected price of $4.93 per Mcf. We will post an updated hedging schedule on our website today that provides a more detailed view of our 2011 and '12 hedge positions.  Looking now to expenses. Once again, the repositioned company did a very good job controlling costs. Expenses in most categories were generally in line with expectations during the first quarter. In aggregate, our pretax cash cost for the quarter came in at $13.12 per Boe and were about $0.10 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2010.  As E&P and service companies alike have disclosed, we are in a rising service and supply cost environment. However, our focus on cost control, combined with the efficiencies realized through our repositioning have more than offset both industry inflation and the negative impact of the strengthening Canadian dollar.  Shifting to income taxes. As Vince mentioned earlier, our overall tax rate was 34% of adjusted pretax earnings or about 4 percentage points over the midpoint of our guidance. Current taxes were 2%, while deferred taxes were 32% of adjusted pretax earnings. This is indicative of what we expect for tax rates on adjusted earnings for the full year. A reconciliation of tax on both GAAP and adjusted earnings is available in today's release.  Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we anticipate continued upward pressure on cost. However, we remain comfortable with the full year expense forecasts provided in our February 8-K. Regardless of industry conditions, we are confident that Devon is well positioned to continue generating full cycle margins that are among the best of our peer group.  Also, from a balance sheet perspective, Devon remains exceptionally strong. At March 31, we exited the quarter with $3.4 billion in cash and short-term investments and total debt of only $6.8 billion. This, of course, is before the $3.2 billion we will receive upon the close of the sale of Brazil. This significant financial strength provides us the flexibility to consistently invest in our business based on our long-term outlook regardless of the near-term macro economic backdrop. We believe that we are extremely well positioned to compete effectively, delivering highly competitive growth in cash flow and production per debt adjusted share.  At this point, I'll turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A.
Vincent White: Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Looking at your second quarter volumes, how important is the Cana plant coming online? And kind of what is that impact as far as timing and kind of quarter-over-quarter growth?
David Hager: The Cana plant is already online. This is Dave, David. It came on in the fourth quarter, so that's really...
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So you don't have any constraints in the Cana. Basically you're -- you're basically able to continue to run your rig count up and that is unconstrained?
David Hager: That's true. Probably the biggest driver for the second quarter volume is we have a program in the Barnett where we drilled from a couple of pads underneath like Benbrook. And we have 20 wells on the first of those pads that we're been bringing on, and we've already ramped that up here in the second quarter to $47 million a day. And that all happened after the end of the first quarter.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And thinking about capacity with the big wells and the Granite Wash as well kind of 1,700 barrels of oil equivalent with a high NGL yield. Can you talk through -- to set a risk location, now 700 risk Granite Wash locations?
Vincent White: Yes, that's a gross risk location number, Dave. This is Vince. And our average working interest is somewhere around 50%.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So still thinking around 350 total locations on a net basis?
Vincent White: Correct.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. No changes to that. And then on the other side, thinking about the new plays and kind of new ventures, can you talk about expectations for Viking activity levels, which you have 1,000 or 2,000 locations. What are the constraints there, and could that become a kind of Sprayberry-like development?
David Hager: Well, it has the potential to be significant. We're going to drill probably on the order of 15 or so wells in the Viking this year. I think the primary variable there, David, is not so much as the reservoir there. We're pretty confident we have the reservoir there for somewhere between 1,000 and 2,000 locations. The primary variable is can we get the cost down so that it competes effectively within our portfolio. We have a pretty high grade of portfolio and that's why we're going to start drilling out there and see if we can achieve the efficiencies we think we can to make it economic within our portfolio. We're estimating recovery about 50,000 barrels per well and drilling completing cost of around $1.2 million, $1.3 million. So we need to get to that to make it compete well.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: That's my question.
John Richels: And David, you will recall as well that as you're well aware, most of the line in Canada is leased from the Crown but this is fee acreage that we have, so that also helps to improve the economics.
David Hager: And then no royalties, is that right?
John Richels: And no royalties, yes. We own the mineral interest in that 900,000 acres.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I have covered more than two questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Kistler from Simmons and Company.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Real quickly on the Bone Springs just a little maybe additional color in previous calls, you talked about the EURs trending up to the high end of the range on the first and second Bone Springs. Can you give us any color on does that continue to be the case, or are you going to be adjusting those EURs higher? And then put that in perspective to the third Bone Springs wells that you've drilled, that would be fantastic.
David Hager: Hi, Dave. We are very, very pleased with the results that we're achieving both in the first and second Bone Springs, as well as the third Bone Springs. And at this point, we're still wanting to get a little bit more production history before we revise our numbers upward. But I can tell you that the results we've seen so far have been very encouraging. We're certainly confident we're at the upper end of the range that we said previously. And hopefully, with a little more production history, we're going to revise those up further.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: And is there a big delineation between cost on the first and second versus the third Bone Springs?
David Hager: Yes, the third Bone Spring is significantly deeper. So those wells are quite a bit more expensive to drill, yes. And the cost range from the first and second probably around 4.5 to 5 drilled and completed and up to 6.5 to 7.5 on this third Bone Springs.
David Kistler - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. And one last just a quick follow-up. When you talk about the production growth, you highlighted the drilling efficiencies and high grading in the Barnett as you just mentioned, the EURs and the Bone Springs. Are those the primary drivers to the production growth, and are we seeing it across the whole portfolio or is it really limited to those 2 areas?
David Hager: Well, we're seeing production growth across several areas within the portfolio, particularly on the oil and natural gas liquids side. But when you look at overall portfolio, just to give you an idea, just on the oil and natural gas liquids which is where our primary growth is, we anticipate growing volumes on the order of about 12 million barrels or so this year. Then about 6 million of that would be on the oil side in the Permian and Jackfish area. And then another 6 million or so primarily in natural gas liquids in Cana, Barnett and Granite Wash.
John Richels: And one of the really high growth areas of course is the Cana. We got tremendous resorts that near about 40 miles outside of Oklahoma City. And when you look at our production history, I think we're, if my memory serves me correctly, we're at about 113 million a day in the fourth quarter of 2010. And by the end of this year, that's going to ramp up to 250 million a day, and our liquids volumes are going to go from 4,000 or so or probably up 4,000 or 5,000, up to about 14,000 at the end of 2011. So that's a significant increase.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I was wondering could you provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing in the Tuscaloosa Shale? I mean, did you have some like vertical well penetrations that you like to see? And I apologize, I missed some of your color that you did provide around it. Did you phase now just to another shale play in the area?
David Hager: Well, yes, let me just give you a few of the things that we like about the Tuscaloosa Shale. And having said that, this is a frontier place, so I do want to mischaracterize it as something else because -- and frankly, we have been leading the industry by taking our position here. So it is a frontier play. But let me tell you some of the things that we do like about the play that give us reason for encouragement. It is the stratigraphic equivalent to the Eagle Ford Shale. It is deeper than Eagle Ford Shale about 11,000 to 14,000 foot depth, but it is a stratigraphic equivalent to it. There has been oil production established up dip in the Tuscaloosa Shale also. There have been some vertical wells that have been drilled in there that indicates that you're getting for a shale-type play, that has good porosity and permeability. We're also seeing some carbonates in there, which indicate that maybe somewhat brittle and able to be fractured. We've seen IPs on the vertical wells up to 300 barrels per day. They were just about -- just a very small number of horizontal wells have been drilled a couple or 3 years ago, and they were of limited horizontal link on the order of 1,500 to 2,000 foot with only 3 stages. But they tested up to 500 barrels per day from these very limited and minimally frac-ed wells. So all of those give us reasons for encouragement. Now having said that, it's very early on, and we're going to start drilling some horizontal wells, we need to get more data on rock frac-ability. And there are some sands below that are wet, we need to stay away from those. We need to get more information on the phase, oil and natural gas because just aren't that many wells. We know exactly who are on the play, the boundaries between those are. So there are some risks associated with it. I don't want to mislead you. But there are some encouraging qualities to establish a 250,000-acre position for less than $50 million, that's kind of thing we're successful. We can create an awful lot of value.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Great, great. And you said, you're going to drill 2 horizontal wells there this year, is that correct?
David Hager: Yes, we're going to have a rig out there here in the second quarter.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then for my follow-up, on the proceeds you're going to receive from the Brazilian sale, when that occurred, what is the status of those funds? Are you going to able to repatriate that money, or is there going to -- should we think about that taking a hair cut to that?
Jeffrey Agosta: This is Jeff Agosta. When we gave you an estimate of $8 billion in after-tax proceeds from our completed sales, that did contemplate a large portion of tax paid on repatriation. The $3.2 billion of proceeds from Brazil specifically is that deal was structured as tax-free as long as those funds remain outside the United States. So we will leave those outside of the United States until we get some more clarity around any potential change in U.S. tax law that would encourage a repatriation of funds to the United States.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And so -- I mean, is the thought process right now you don't need that cash, and so it could be just serving some short-term investment out there, is that right?
Jeffrey Agosta: That's correct. We would just leave it and park it as a short-term investment or to the extent that we had incremental opportunities in Canada, we would be putting that money to work in Canada.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. So that can be shifted to Canada tax?
Jeffrey Agosta: Yes, it can be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Dave, the Tuscaloosa Shale play, I was wondering, is this at all equivalent to the play that Mainland Resources has been looking at in that same area?
David Hager: I'm not familiar with that. It's possible, Mark. I don't -- I heard that name. I can tell you there hasn't been a lot of other leasing activity to date, which is one of the reasons we're excited we're able to get in there for such and get a strong position for such a low cost.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Well, let me just go further, if I could. Is there any Haynesville potential in this play that you've identified, perhaps?
David Hager: We haven't identified any, no.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: No? Just one other by way of not related follow-up. From a royalty ring fence perspective, can you clarify whether Jackfish 2, 3 and potentially Pike are or are not in one ring fence for royalty purposes up there?
John Richels: Mark, it's John. We have made an application and believe that the 3 Jackfish projects will be part of -- will be considered as one project or have a ring fence for royalty purposes. The Pike development will likely be a separate project.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: But John, you have not gotten approval with that submission?
John Richels: We have not at this point had confirmation of that, but it seems to meet all of the requirements. And so we expect that, that will get that kind of treatment, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Back to Tuscaloosa, how many vertical wells have been drilled in the area? How much data do you have that you're looking at?
David Hager: It's just a handful of vertical wells. I don't have an exact number of it. And about 3 or so horizontal wells were drilled about 3 years ago I think, 3 or 4.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And again, you said you're going to start drilling second quarter and then update us late this year, first part next year type of thing?
David Hager: Yes. Just so you know, I mean, the Tuscaloosa Shale, I worked at this play as a geophysicist 25 years ago by the way, not for the shale but there are some sands just beneath there that everybody was drilling for 25 years ago. There's a lot of wells have gone through the Tuscaloosa Shale, but the wells I'm talking about are ones that are actually completed in the Tuscaloosa Shale.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, okay. And then on CapEx budget. I heard the comment about $100 million ahead right now at the end of 1Q on the development side. It kind of sounded like CapEx was headed higher for the full year. I mean, should we think about it as $400 million higher? Should we -- can you give us some type of...
Vincent White: Yes, this is Vince. I would not assume that we're going to be $400 million over for the full year. Of course, the capital budget is fluid with changes in the macro environment and drilling results. And clearly, these were unanticipated nonparticipations by working interest owners and a high level of OBO activity. But I don't think you can extrapolate that, not over for the full year. So we think this likely pushes as high in the range. We had a pretty broad range, but we don't have any reason to believe we're going to be out of range at this point.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. No, that's what I'm looking for. Good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the Permian and the Delaware Basin, between the Bone Spring 3 zones and the Avalon Shale, can you refresh us on your thoughts as to whether you are seeing commercial overlap of any of these zones and whether that's something that you have tested?
David Hager: Yes, there are -- the Bone Springs interval does tend to overlap somewhat with the Eastern portion of the Avalon. So yes, they are the same acreage, you can see prospectively on both of it in some of the areas, yes.
John Richels: And Brian, you recall there are also some additional horizons that overlap. They're not all directly overlap as Dave said, but portions of it overlap in some of the other places in that area as well like the Wolfcamp Shale and the UPS and some other zones that are prospective and that we're going to be taking a look at throughout the year as well.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And so I guess how many prospective zones do you think you would have on your average Delaware acreage?
David Hager: Probably somewhere 3 to 5, I would say something like that. Over a lot of the acreage we see, the Avalon -- and even within the Avalon, there are different benches in the Avalon. So it's not all -- it's not just a single perspective zone there. And then over most of the Avalon, you have both, as John said, the Wolfcamp and the upper Penn shale is prospective. Then over a portion of the acreage, same acreage is where the Bone Spring is prospective. I also have Delaware potential out there as well, if you haven't gone into those. There are several different zones.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: In the Barnett Shale, you mentioned that during your comments that the production is surprising here to the upside despite the lower rig count. Is that just the higher IPs that you're seeing from the wells you're choosing to drill that's keeping production higher? Or are you seeing anything different in the underlying decline rate from past legacy wells?
David Hager: I wouldn't say we're seeing anything significantly different as primarily the higher IPs, although I can tell you that just about every year for the past 5 or 6 years, we've had positive reserve revisions in the Barnett as we see showered declines and we had booked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Polak from Scotia Capital.
Mark Polak - Scotia Capital Inc.: First question on Jackfish 3, just curious if you can give an update on how the regulatory process is going and do you still think there's a chance of starting construction there later this year?
John Richels: I think Mark, the process is going about as expected. We filed the application in the Fall. We're going through the regular part of the process. We don't have any reason to think that it's not on track on the timetable that we expected. So if we were to get that approval optimistically, we thought around the end of the year probably more likely at the beginning of 2012 sometime and we'll get in there and put a shovel in the ground as soon as we can.
Mark Polak - Scotia Capital Inc.: That's great. And you mentioned in the Barnett taking -- production drilling despite taking the rig count down, just curious what the plans are going forward. Are you looking at further rig count reductions there, or what the development plans are in Barnett?
David Hager: Well, we're going to stay, as I said, we're going to stay -- we were temporarily at 14 rigs we've showed up in the new table we've put in the earnings release. But the reality is, we'll be back to 12 here fairly soon and stay there for the rest of the year, and we're very comfortable. But when we look at allocating capital, we look at it on a company-wide basis. So we'll take a look later on this year and see where it looks like the best decision is for -- and get the most out of our capital for next year. But we're certainly extremely pleased with the results of being able to actually grow production this year versus last year in the Barnett with 12 rigs and throw off after CapEx of over $400 million. It's outstanding results.
John Richels: And Mark, you recall that we talked about the fact that we got 7,000 risk locations in the Barnett, about 2,500 to 3,000 of them are probably in the liquids-rich area. So we're really focusing on drilling in the liquids-rich areas. And frankly, what we're trying to do is optimize our plant capacity and our throughput. We've got the biggest plant in that area, and we're drilling in those liquids-rich areas having regard to what our capacity is.
Mark Polak - Scotia Capital Inc.: That makes sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gilbert Van Voorden from Wells Fargo.
Gilbert Van Voorden: I have a question on the hedging. I must missed this on the natural gas and the oil. How much of your production in 2011 and '12 is hedged in gas and in oil, and what is the average price?
David Hager: We'll be filing or posting the details to our website later today, but we gave a summary in the call today. Let's see, that was -- go ahead and pick that up, if you know...
Jeffrey Agosta: I think we're about 50% hedged on natural gas in the second quarter of this year, and we're about 1/3 hedged on natural gas for the second half of the year. And those protected prices are in the high $4.90s, so close to $5 in Mcf. We're about -- on natural gas for 2012, we're only about $400 million a day hedged out of about -- so we're about 17% to 18% hedged for 2012, natural gas at a protected price of about $4.95.
Vincent White: Might add that we're actively in the market right now.
Jeffrey Agosta: Correct. And then on crude oil, we're about 50% hedged for next year. We've got about 76,000 barrels per day hedged next year. 22,000 barrels of which is swapped at about $107 a barrel with collars on the remainder, protecting a floor price of $86 a barrel with participation in the upside up to $126 per barrel.
Gilbert Van Voorden: I see. Now just a follow-up on that. On the natural gas, which I am probably the only guy that's bullish on, I've been bullish for almost a year and not right so far, but should it go through your collar? Would you remove the collar or just stay where you are?
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl Smette. Historically, we'd just left them where they are because gas prices tend to be very volatile as you know.
Gilbert Van Voorden: Right, right.
Darryl Smette: And we would hate to get out of a position that our long-term forecast suggests that we're going to be in that type of price range. So our historical pattern, I don't think we would change from that. We would leave our collared positions on.
Gilbert Van Voorden: I see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Payne with Wells Fargo.
S. Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Jeff, quick question. Do you a target debt to cap for the company given all the cash coming in with these asset sales?
Jeffrey Agosta: No, we don't have a target debt to cap. We don't manage our balance sheet around that particular metric. What we do try and maintain is maximum financial flexibility and a strong investment grade credit rating. We have our credit ratings right now are Baa1 and BBB+ by Moody's and S&P, Fitch, respectively. And that's really the rating that we target for and manage our balance sheet accordingly.
S. Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. You've obviously been doing some asset -- I mean, some acreage purchases. Can you talk just briefly of your appetite for any kind of acquisitions going forward here?
John Richels: Ross, we got a pretty big portfolio now and a portfolio that we really like. So whereas it's the right thing for us to get out there and continue in some of these new venture areas and some of these first mover position like Dave said, where we can put acreage together for a few hundred bucks an acre. We really don't have an appetite for acquisitions because it's not going to make us -- in most cases, it's not going to be accretive to our asset base at today's prices. If you look at it, most companies even on the gas side are still being discounted at a slightly higher price than the strips. So that's not likely. We will continue to build our positions though on some of these new venture areas where it makes sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin from Societie Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Some quick ones for you, Dave. With the Tuscaloosa, have any idea what the completed well costs will run?
David Hager: Well, it's pretty early on here. And obviously, the first well are going to be more science well, as I said, where we're going to do a lot more we're not going to have the efficiencies that we think we'll have in later wells. We think probably, eventually that somewhere around $12 million range is somewhere where we will be looking at drilling and complete.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With that formation, do you have sense of what the TOCs are?
David Hager: TOCs run around 3% or 4%.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Last one for me. You're having success in Cherokee, the Parkman, Bone Springs. Are you changing your completion techniques at all? Are you like the horizontal wells doing more frac stages? What are you doing differently today versus, say, last quarter?
David Hager: No significant changes, I would say, in the Cherokee. What we're doing there or in any of these really, I wouldn't say, no. We've had pretty good success on the completion of those and we may be adding a couple of frac stages, but there's nothing that's material different that one quarter versus the other, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Mateer from Barclays Capital.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital: This is for Jeff. My question was going to be whether you might use some of the Brazil proceeds to pay down debt. But given that it sounds like you won't be repatriating any time soon, can you just give us a sense on how the debt line is going to trend throughout the year?
Jeffrey Agosta: Well, our short-term borrowings I would project as we continue to execute on our share repurchase program, our short-term borrowings will continue to escalate. We do have that $1.75 billion bond that matures at the end of September this year that we will be looking at what portion of that we might refinance versus pulling the short-term borrowings. And so I would expect that our headline debt number would continue to increase as long as we leave those proceeds offshore.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital: And your intent is to keep that short-term dept in CP, or do you think you might actually term it out down the road?
Jeffrey Agosta: It'll all depend on the capital markets and the cost of short-term funds. I mean, right now, we're funding in the short-term market at very attractive rates, sub-30 basis points. So that's pretty compelling.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Lazard Capital Markets.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Dave, a quick follow-up on the Parkman. Just wondering if you can characterize that the same way you did the Tuscaloosa. And also, has there been any industry activity around your acreage, any horizontal results to date?
David Hager: Yes, the Parkman, there isn't as much activity going on around there. We have seen a couple of plays historically, there've been made in the Parkman, El Paso, made a play 2 or 3 years ago. That was not too far away from it in a similar type play. The Parkman is really it's a different place. The Parkman itself is more of your stratigraphic trap. It is actually a sand and you're just looking at a stratigraphic trap typically 1 to 2 miles wide and perhaps many miles long. And then what you're really looking is with many of these, whether it's somewhat tighter sands though that are more easily developed and much more economically developed with horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing. And so that's what we're really doing there is taking advantage in these tighter sands of new technology and producing the increase in the ultimate recoveries of these wells through hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. One just follow-up on that then. So would the Parkman then be prospective across the whole, I think, it was 220,000 acres or will it be just sort of more geographically limited? Any...
David Hager: Well, let me give you a perspective here. We gave it -- and these numbers change day-to-day as our geologists are working here. But if you say that right now, that our -- we give our Rockies exploration program maybe 200 million barrels of risk potential, I'd say that the Parkman is not the biggest one, and maybe -- and we may change our minds as we drill more well. There's probably more on the order of 20 million, 30 million barrels of that potential. The biggest potential out there we think is the Niobrara. And we're drilling our first Niobrara well right now. We think that has 100 million barrel plus risk potential in the Powder River. So it's a nice play, but I think the bigger potential probably is Niobrara and also in the Maori.
Vincent White: Okay. Operator, I'm showing the top of the hour. We're going to cut it off at this point. As usual, the Investor Relations staff will be around the rest of the day for any questions we didn't get to. Thank you for participating in today's call.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Darryl Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Midstream David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production J. Nichols - Co-Founder and Executive Chairman Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Polak - Scotia Capital Inc. David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you, operator, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Devon's year-end 2010 earnings call and webcast.  Today, we will follow our standard format. I will begin with a few preliminary items and then I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. John's going to provide the highlights of 2010 and his thoughts on the year ahead. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, will cover the operating highlights as well as our 2011 capital program. And then finally, Jeff Agosta, our CFO, will finish up with a review of the year's financial results and our guidance for 2011. At that point, we'll open the call to your questions. I'd like to point out that we have our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols, and other members of the senior management team with us today for the Q&A session. As usual, we'll conclude the call in about an hour. And if we don't get to your question during the call, the IR staff will be around the rest of the day to take any follow-up. As always, we ask each participant to limit his or her question to one initial inquiry and one follow-up, and we'll attempt to enforce that.  A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our Home page. That's devonenergy.com. After the call today, we'll file a Form 8-K. That will provide our full year detailed forecast for operating items, as well as our capital plans for 2011. And the guidance section of the Devon website will contain a copy of the 8-K, along with any other forward-looking estimates that we mention on the call. To access that information, you just click on the Guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of the Devon website. Before we get to the business of the call, we are obligated to remind you that the discussions today of our expectations, plans, forecasts and estimates are all considered forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. And while we always strive to give you the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from these estimates. For a discussion of those risk factors, see the Form 8-K that we're filing today.  One other note, we refer to various non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use these measures, U.S. securities law requires us to provide certain additional disclosures. Those disclosures are available for your review on our website as well.  Before we jump into the call, I have a couple of things to remind everybody of. First, our strategic repositioning that took us out of the Gulf of Mexico and international businesses triggered accounting rules for discontinued operations. However, the accounting standards for discontinued ops do not apply to our Gulf of Mexico divestitures, so that creates a confusing situation. While we've excluded the international production volumes for all periods presented and collapsed the revenues and expenses associated with the international operations into the discontinued ops line item on the income statement, the results from our divested Gulf of Mexico operations are included in our continuing operations for the portion of 2010 up to the point of sale of those assets. For that reason, we're providing supplemental information in our press release today that isolates our results from go-forward North American onshore operations. Similar to the last several quarters, the accounting treatment for discontinued ops affected the comparability of earnings estimates from TheStreet during the fourth quarter. However, now by this time, most analysts are reporting fourth quarter estimates for continuing operations only. The first call mean [ph] of those analysts that forecasted continuing ops was $1.40 a share. And our actual results of non-GAAP earnings of $1.46 per share exceeded those expectations by $0.06. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
John Richels: Thank you, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Throughout 2010, we undertook the strategic repositioning of Devon by selling our international and Gulf of Mexico properties to focus solely on North America. The process has gone extremely well. And today, we are reporting some very good results, which reflect our continued commitment to capital discipline and cost management and as you know, ultimately, we are focused on maximizing our per share returns.  We're emerging from the repositioning in a very enviable situation. The depth and breadth of Devon's North American property portfolio provides many years of visible economic growth and a good balance between liquids and natural gas. Our asset base underpins our confidence, that we can deliver strong growth in oil and liquids over the next several years from opportunities that we have already captured within our asset portfolio. Furthermore, we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry, and we're in a position to supplement our top line growth and enhance our per share returns with our stock buyback program. Looking now to some of the specific highlights of 2010. We entered into sale contracts for our Gulf of Mexico and international assets, with proceeds expected to top $10 billion, far exceeding initial expectations. Essentially, all of these transactions have closed with the exception of Brazil.  In the midst of the repositioning, we generated outstanding results from our go-forward North American business. North American onshore oil and gas production grew to 619,000 barrels equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. That's up 8% from the year-ago quarter when we announced the repositioning. The repositioning also drove cost savings across several expense categories in 2010. This included general and administrative expenses, which declined 13%. Reported net earnings for 2010 were $4.6 billion or $10.31 per diluted share. That's the highest reported earnings per share in Devon's history. Cash flow before balance sheet changes climbed 21% over the prior year to $5.7 billion. And when you combine that with almost $7 billion in divestiture proceeds received to date, Devon's total cash inflows approach $13 billion in 2010. With that cash flow, we funded our E&P and Midstream capital budgets, including $1.2 billion of acreage capture focused on oil and liquids-rich plays.  We retired $1.8 billion of debt, ending the year with a near-bulletproof balance sheet and with debt and net debt as adjusted capitalization ratio of 10%, including cash on hand of $3.4 billion. And in addition to our capital program and debt reduction, we also returned more than $1.4 billion to our shareholders through our stock buyback program in dividend payments.  In 2010, we repurchased over 18 million shares. We've continued to be active in the market subsequent to year end. And through last week, we had repurchased a total of 23.5 million shares or just over 5% of our outstanding shares. With an aggregate cost of $1.6 billion, this gives us an average cost to date of $69.60 per share.  Finally, we had another strong year of company-wide reserve growth. We added 464 million barrels, boosting year-end proved reserves to an all-time record of 2.9 billion barrels. This means that our North American reserve additions more than replace all of the year's production and the roughly 200 million barrels of proved reserves associated with our divestiture. We ended 2010 with record proved reserves in spite of selling properties worth more than 20% of our enterprise value during the year. Looking more closely at the 2010 reserve activities. Our drill-bit reserve additions, so that includes discoveries, extensions and performance revisions for our go-forward North American Onshore business, total of 389 million Boe. These additions were 175% of our 2010 North American Onshore production.  When we announced the $500 million pipe joint venture with BP -- you'll remember that's our joint venture in the oil sands in Canada, we said that our 2010 drill-bit F&D would likely come in between $14 and $16 per barrel. Following that announcement, we stepped up our acreage capture and spent another $700 million an acreage in the Permian Basin and in our Cana play and on other undisclosed new plays, bringing our total acreage capture for the year up to $1.2 billion. This resulted in total drill-bit capital of $6.1 billion, including capitalized G&A and interest. And in spite of the additional acreage capture, our organic North American Onshore finding and development cost came in, in line with the original estimate at $15.74 per Boe. This positive result is because our drill-bit reserve additions far exceeded our original estimate.  It's worth noting that we achieved our 2010 F&D results without increasing our percentage of proved undeveloped reserves. In fact, at December 31, our North American onshore undeveloped reserves accounted for just 29% of total proved. It's important to remember that the one-year F&D cost can be somewhat arbitrary. I will remind you that when we reported our 2009 results, we told you that the $6.59 per barrel F&D cost for 2009 was unrealistically low. If you combine our 2009 and 2010 results for the go-forward business, you arrive at an average F&D for the two years of a little over $10.60 per barrel, some very competitive result even with the unusually large acreage acquisitions in 2010. Price revisions for our North American Onshore properties gave us a net positive boost in 2010, adding another 71 million barrels. Positive gas-price related revisions principally from the Barnett Shale more than offset negative price revisions related to higher oil prices and the sliding scale royalty impact on our thermal oil sands in Canada. This underscores the value of a balanced portfolio of properties. Taking into account the net price revisions, our total North American Onshore reserve additions from all sources were 464 million Boes, more than double our North American production. That boosted Devon's North American Onshore reserves to 2.9 billion equivalent barrels, representing 9% growth over year-end 2009. And that's important, because this reserve growth really supports our future production growth.  Looking to 2011, we're forecasting our North American Onshore production to total between 236 million and 240 million equivalent barrels. This implies a growth of 6% to 8% over our 2010 production of 223 million equivalent barrels. The preliminary forecast that we provided last November called for a 20% increase in oil and liquids production for 2011. However, updated liquids yield data from some of our emerging plays has resulted in a slight shift in the gas to liquids ratio. We now expect our 2011 production growth to be driven by oil and liquids growth in the high teens. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I'd like to update you on the status of the $3.2 billion sale of our assets in Brazil to BP. While we had expected this transaction to close in 2010, we have not yet received approval from the government of Brazil. However, we've seen nothing that would lead us to believe that this transaction will not ultimately be approved.  So with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Hager for a review of our quarterly operating highlights and our 2011 capital budget. Dave?
David Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. Our growth in reserves and production reflect the outstanding results achieved with our 2010 capital program. We drilled 1,584 wells onshore in North America, including 1,493 development wells and 91 exploration wells. Almost all of the wells were successful. We exited the year with 71 Devon-operated rigs running. And today, at the height of our winter drilling program in Canada, we have 90 rigs running. Let's look now at some of our areas, area by area -- look at some of the area by area highlights. At our Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, our fourth quarter daily production averaged 22,200 barrels per day net of royalties. The Jackfish volumes that were curtailed in early December is a result of outages on the Enbridge pipeline system have been restored, and production at Jackfish is currently running about 30,000 barrels per day, net of royalties, the level we expect to average in the first quarter. More than three years into production, Jackfish continues to be one of the best-performing Side B [ph] projects in the industry as measured by both production per well and by steam oil ratio. Construction of Jackfish 2 is now complete, with total capital expenditures to start up projected to come in at just under $1 billion. Plant commissioning activities are underway, and we expect to begin injecting steam in the second quarter of this year. We expect to deliver first oil late this year, with production ramping up throughout 2012. Review of our regulatory application for Jackfish 3 is currently underway. Pending approval, we could begin site work around year-end, with plant startup targeted for 2015. Detailed engineering work continues, and we have all major equipment orders in place. Devon operates all the Jackfish projects and owned 100% working interest. With the initial phase of Jackfish running near capacity and no major turnarounds scheduled in 2011, we expect our thermal oil production to grow nearly 3 million barrels over 2010 level to about 12 million barrels in 2011.  At Pike, our Side B [ph] oil sands joint venture with BP, we began appraisal drilling in the fourth quarter and plan to drill about 150 stratigraphic core wells this winter. We also are acquiring some 60 miles of 3D seismic data. This drilling and seismic information will help us determine the optimum development configuration for the initial phase of development. We hope to begin the regulatory process for the first phase of Pike around the end of the year.  In aggregate, we plan to spend about $600 million on our thermal oil sands project in 2011, as we continue toward the goal of growing our net Side B [ph] oil production to between 150,000 to 175,000 barrels per day by 2020. This represents roughly a 20% compound annual growth rate in Side B [ph] production through the end of the decade.  At year end, we had 440 million barrels of reserves booked in our thermal oil sands. As we move through the development of Jackfish and Pike projects, we expect to book roughly 1 billion additional barrels of net resource. In our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we drilled 57 new wells in the fourth quarter, which brought our full year total to 191 wells. In 2011, we plan to spend about $100 million drilling approximately 170 wells in the Lloydminster area, allowing us to hold production steady at roughly 40,000 barrels equivalent per day. Also in Canada, in 2011, we plan to spend about $150 million testing more than a half dozen different oil and liquids-rich gas plays that we have identified across our vast land base. This includes fractured oil shales, tight oil carbonates and tight oil plastics in the Deep Basin. Specifically, we plan to drill 13 wells this year testing the Viking-like oil play on our 900,000 acres of feed title lands in the Kindersley area of Saskatchewan.  In the Deep Basin of Alberta, where we have nearly 600,000 net acres, we will drill several wells targeting the Cardium light oil play and the liquid-rich lower Cretaceous zones including the Cadomin Formation. These are just a few of the areas we'll be testing in 2011 to better understand the potential for commercial success in these new plays across our vast Canadian acreage position. We will keep you updated as we move forward. Shifting to the Rocky Mountains, we are currently testing the oil potential on our 220,000-net acre position in the Powder River Basin. We are in the early stages of evaluating several Cretaceous oil objectives, including the Parkman and Niobrara. In 2011, we plan to spend about $50 million and drill 15 wells testing these play concepts. Moving to the Permian Basin, our net production averaged 45,000 oil-equivalent barrels per day in the fourth quarter, up 16% over the fourth quarter of 2009. Our fourth quarter oil NGL production at Permian was up 23% over 2009 and accounted for 73% of our total Permian volumes. We continue to be very active in the Basin with 17 operated rigs running.  In 2011, we expect to spend $650 million and drill about 300 wells in the Permian. Growth from our Permian assets is expected to contribute approximately 3 million barrels of liquids growth over 2010 levels to 14 million barrels in 2011. In our Wolfberry light oil play, we currently have six operated rigs running. Since drilling our first Wolfberry well in late 2008, we have drilled more than 140 wells, allowing us to derisk large portions of our 197,000 perspective net acres. Our drilling results to date support EURs of between 100,000 and 150,000 barrels of oil per well across roughly 160,000 net acres.  On our 37,000 net acres located in the northern part of the play, we have had marginal success. However, this acreage has potential in some additional zones. In 2011, we plan to spend $250 million in the Wolfberry and drill approximately 125 wells from our inventory of more than 1,000 risk locations. Also in the Permian Basin, in the Avalon Shale play, we are currently running four rigs. Devon has assembled over 200,000 prospective net acres in this condensate and liquids-rich gas play. Although we are still in the early stages of evaluation and drilling, results have varied depending on the location within the broader play area, we are beginning to see some trends.  In the fourth quarter, we drilled three Devon-operated wells in the central portion of the play. One of these wells was brought online with an average 30-day IP rate of 360 barrels of condensate per day and 1.7 million cubic feet of gas per day. In 2011, we plan to spend $160 million in the Avalon and drill about 75 wells, as we continue to delineate the play on our acreage position. Elsewhere in the Permian, we continue to see solid results from the Bone Springs oil play, where Devon has 170,000 net acres. In the fourth quarter, we brought four Bone Spring wells online with an average 30-day IP rate of more than 400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We have three rigs running in play and plan to spend $85 million to drill approximately 45 Bone Springs wells in 2011. Our four remaining operated rigs in the Permian are targeting conventional formations. This includes objectives such as the Delaware, Wolfcamp, Clear Fork [ph] and Wichita-Albany, they were accessing primarily with horizontal wells.  In the fourth quarter, we drilled some very strong conventional wells, including a Delaware horizontal well on our cut-and-dry unit that came online with a 30-day IP rate of 700 barrels of oil per day. In 2011, we plan to spend a little over $100 million and drill 50 wells in these conventional targets. Moving north to the Texas Panhandle, where Devon has assembled approximately 62,000 net acres in the Granite Wash play, we stepped up drilling activity during the quarter with the addition of a fourth rig that was relocated from the Barnett. In the fourth quarter, we brought five Devon-operated wells online, with average IP rates of 2,730 oil equivalent barrels per day, including 580 barrels of oil and 870 barrels of NGLs. Production history from our Cherokee Granite Wash wells continue to support EURs of about 1 million barrels equivalent. At roughly $7 million to drill and complete, these wells generate outstanding full-cycle rates to return. In 2011, we plan to spend $175 million and drill 55 wells with an average working interest of about 50%. Our activity in the Granite Wash is expected to contribute approximately 1 million barrels to our company-wide year-over-year liquids growth. Moving to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, we continue to add to our acreage position during the fourth quarter and now have approximately 243,000 net acres. Devon is currently operating 23 out of the 39 rigs running play-wide.  In the fourth quarter, we continued to aggressively derisk our position and secure the term acreage we acquired last year. We continue to see outstanding results from Cana. In the fourth quarter, we brought 21 operated wells online, with average five-day IP rates of 4.9 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including an average of 66 barrels of condensate and 174 barrels of NGLs. Fourth quarter net production from Cana averaged a record 137 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, with over 20% of this production stream coming from condensate and NGLs. This is a 17% increase on a sequential quarter basis. I also want to briefly update you on the status of our Cana infill pilot program we initiated last year in the core area. Production history from our 500-foot spaced wells continue to perform well, supporting an 8 Bcf type curve. These results support that we have eight to 10 wells per section and that's a likely spacing in the core area. However, to date, we have only booked five wells per section in the core area. From a reserves performance perspective, Cana was a leading growth area for the company in 2010. Extensions, discoveries and performance revisions at Cana accounted for 105 million Boe of additions. Related drill-bit capital was $729 million, including roughly 200 million of additional acreage capture.  At your end, we had 175 million equivalent barrels booked at Cana-Woodford. With some 11 Tcf equivalent of risk resource potential, and more than 5,000 risk locations remaining, we expect many years of highly economic production and reserve growth from Cana. In December of 2010, we began processing gas in our new Cana liquids extraction plant. The facility has an initial processing capacity of 200 million cubic feet per day and is capable of extracting up to 15,000 barrels of liquids per day. The plan is expandable to 600 million per day inlet capacity as we grow Cana volumes. This facility allows us to capture additional value from the liquid-rich Cana gas stream. In 2011, we plan to invest over $800 million of capital and drill more than 200 wells. By year end, we expect our net production from Cana to reach 250 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 14,000 barrels per day of condensate and NGLs. This will contribute approximately 2.5 million barrels to our company-wide year-over-year liquids growth. Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas. In the fourth quarter, our net production held steady at a record 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day, including over 42,000 barrels of NGLs and condensate per day. We continue to achieve outstanding results from the Barnett, with pad drilling and improved drilling efficiency.  In 2010, we were able to offset rising service costs by further reducing the number of days it takes to drill a well. In 2010, we averaged just 13.3 days from spud to rig release, down from 14.4 days in 2009. In the fourth quarter, we completed a 21-well drilling program from a single pad in which we averaged just 10.6 days from spud to spud.  From a reserve performance perspective, extensions, discoveries and performance revisions in the Barnett Shale accounted for 112 million barrels of additions, including 26 million barrels of positive performance revisions. This marks a the seventh consecutive year of upward performance revisions in the Barnett that, in aggregate, total over 230 million barrels. Drill-bit additions more than replaced our Barnett production of 70 million equivalent barrels for the year. Related drill-bit capital was $1.1 billion. At year end, we had 1.1 million barrels equivalent booked in the Barnett, with thousands of remaining unbooked locations. In 2011, we plan to invest about $900 million of capital in the Barnett, running a 12-rig program. This will result in us drilling 300-operated Barnett wells and participating in about 25 non-operated wells.  The 2011 program is focused on the liquids-rich areas of the play. This level of activity will allow us to generate significant free cash flow and maintain current production levels. Our expected year-over-year production growth in the Barnett should add approximately 2.5 million barrels to our company-wide year-over-year liquids growth. When you step back and look at the overall results of our 2010 capital program, you see that from both the perspectives of both reserve additions and production trajectory, the results were very good. What is not reflected in these numbers is the tremendous resource capture beyond proved reserves that we accomplished over the last year.  Last August, we told you that we had acquired 260,000 net acres in new plays that we are not ready to discuss. Our goal was to identify and establish large first-mover positions in highly economic plays that had not yet become competitive. Since that time, we have continued building these positions and now have roughly 750,000 acres and a handful of new plays.  In 2011, we have allocated roughly $200 million of capital to continue building these positions, acquire seismic and test several of these new play concepts. While it is unlikely that all of these plays will be successful, we are excited about the potential and expect to have positive news later this year.  In total, we expect our full year 2011 E&P capital expenditures to be between $4.5 billion and $4.9 billion for our North American Onshore business. As John mentioned, with that level of spending, we would expect overall production growth of 6% to 8%, led by high teens growth in oil and NGL volumes. When you add roughly $1 billion for capitalized G&A and interest, Midstream and other corporate capital, our total 2011 capital amounts are expected to fall between $5.4 billion to $6 billion.  With that, I would turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey Agosta: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today, we will begin by looking at some of the key drivers that impacted our 2010 financial results and provide commentary on our outlook for 2011. As Vince mentioned earlier, we have reclassified the assets, liabilities and results of operations from our international assets and to discontinue the operations for all accounting periods presented. Our fourth quarter results from continuing operations represent just our North American Onshore business or in other words, the results of the repositioned Devon. However, it is important to note that our reported full year results from continuing operations do include a partial year of results from our now divested Gulf assets.  Let's begin with production. For 2010, Devon's reported production totaled 228 million oil equivalent barrels. This includes approximately 5 million barrels of production from our now divested Gulf of Mexico properties. Excluding the Gulf production, you will find that our North American Onshore assets produced 223 million barrels during the year. This result represents a 3 million-barrel increase over 2009, which was driven entirely by higher oil and NGL production.  Looking specifically at the fourth quarter of 2010, Devon produced 56.9 million equivalent barrels or approximately 619,000 barrels per day. This is about 6,000 barrels per day shy of our guidance range due to a number of minor operational issues, which reduced our fourth quarter production by approximately 11,000 barrels per day. These included volume curtailments attributable to the Enbridge pipeline outage, other third-party facility outages and delays in well completions. In spite of these curtailments, when compared to last year's fourth quarter production from our North American Onshore assets exhibited strong year-over-year growth of 46,000 barrels per day or 8%. Increased oil production from our Permian Basin properties and growth from our liquids-rich Barnett and Cana Shale plays drove this result.  Our 2011 budget calls for first quarter production of 630,000 barrels equivalent per day, up slightly from the fourth quarter. However, continued curtailments due to third-party facility outages and unusually severe winter weather in Texas and the mid-continent region have negatively impacted first quarter production by about 1 million barrels or approximately 10,000 barrels per day. That production has now been restored, and we are currently producing approximately 630,000 barrels per day. Assuming no additional surprises, positive or negative, we would now expect first quarter reported production to average 615,000 to 625,000 barrels per day.  Looking beyond the first quarter, we expect production to increase in each of the remaining quarters of 2011. The plan calls for the biggest jump in the second quarter, up to 645,000 to 655,000 barrels per day as we tie in a large well pad and the liquids-rich area of the Barnett, and we'd begin to see the impact of the increased activity levels in Cana and the Permian Basin.  Moving to price realizations. It was another strong quarter for oil. The WTI benchmark price rose steadily throughout the fourth quarter and averaged $85.15 per barrel. Our company-wide realized price came in at $68.35 in the fourth quarter or 80% of WTI, right at the midpoint of our guidance. The escalating oil price environment boosted our fourth quarter realized price by almost 10% over the previous quarter and our full year realized oil price by 27%.  On the natural gas side, the Henry Hub Index averaged $3.84 per Mcf for the fourth quarter. Our realized gas price before the impact of hedges came in at 87% of Henry Hub or $3.32. We had fourth quarter hedges totaling 1.6 Bcf per day or nearly 2/3 of our natural gas production, with a weighted average protected price of $5.87. Cash settlements from our hedging position increased our average realized price by $1.32 to an all-in realized price of $4.64 per Mcf.  For natural gas liquids, in the fourth quarter, our realized NGL price improved to $34.65 per barrel or just over 40% of the WTI Index. An increase in seasonal demand combined with higher overall prices led to a 19% increase in realized prices over the third quarter of 2010.  For the full year of 2011, we expect Devon's realized NGL price to range between 35% and 40% of the WTI benchmark price. We expect continued supply growth from the industry to keep downward pressure on NGL pricing in 2011. Taking a brief look at our hedging positions, for the first quarter of 2011, we now have approximately 784 million cubic feet per day swapped at a weighted average price of $5.43. For the full year, we have an average of 730 million cubic feet per day swapped at an average price of $5.49. In aggregate, this hedging position represents roughly 30% of our expected natural gas production for the year. To facilitate a portion of this hedge position, we sold call options on 19,500 barrels of oil per day for 2011 and 2012 at $95 per barrel, and call options on 588 million cubic feet per day of gas for 2012 at $6 per Mcf. Additionally, we now have collars in place, covering 45,000 barrels of oil per day with a weighted average floor of $75 an average ceiling of $109. We will be posting a hedging schedule on our website after the call that will provide some more detail on these hedge positions. Turning now to our Marketing and Midstream division. Our Marketing and Midstream operations once again produced another high-quality quarter, generating $127 million of operating profit, bringing our full year operating profit to $510 million. Increased gas throughput and strong cost control drove our solid performance. Looking ahead to 2011, we expect our full year operating profit for our Midstream division to be between $485 million and $535 million. Turning to expenses. In the fourth quarter, lease operating expenses were right in line with our expectations at $418 million or $7.36 per barrel produced. In spite of higher Canadian dollar exchange rates and upward pressure on oilfield services and supply, our LOE per Boe remained flat when compared to the third quarter. Looking forward to 2011, we expect industry inflation to continue. As a result, we are forecasting a moderate increase in LOE to a range of $7.50 to $7.90 per Boe. For 2010, Devon's full year DD&A [depreciation, depletion and amortization] expense for oil and gas properties also came in at $7.36 per Boe, a 6% decline from last year. Overall, our DD&A rate benefited from the sale of our Gulf assets. We anticipate that our DD&A rate will increase to a range of $7.40 to $8 per barrel in 2011. Moving to G&A expense. The company did a very good job of controlling G&A costs during 2010. As John said, for the full year, our reported G&A expenses totaled $563 million. That is a decrease of $85 million or 13% versus 2009. This significant reduction in G&A is entirely attributable to the operational efficiencies achieved through our strategic repositioning. We expect our 2011 G&A expense per Boe to remain roughly flat with 2010. Turning to interest expense. For 2010, it totaled $363 million, right in line with our expectations and up slightly from 2009. However, it's important to note that our 2010 interest expense included a one-time $19 million charge related to the early retirement of senior notes that we repaid in June. Excluding this charge, interest expense actually declined by $5 million as compared to 2009. As we look forward to 2011, we expect our interest expense to decline to a range of $300 million to $340 million. The final expense item I would like to touch on is income taxes. Devon's adjusted full year 2010 income tax rate came in at 32% of pretax earnings, comprised of a 2% current tax rate and a 30% deferred rate. As we discussed in last quarter's conference call, additional carryover benefits from a prior-year tax return led to a lower-than-forecasted current tax rate in 2010. These carryover benefits and the accelerated depreciation provisions that were passed into law in December also reduced our adjusted fourth quarter current tax rate.  In Q4, our current tax rate was a negative 12% and deferred taxes were 42% of pretax income for an overall adjusted tax rate of 30%. Looking to 2011, we would expect an income tax rate similar to that of 2010 with less than a third of the tax expense being current.  Cutting to the bottom line. For the full year 2010, our adjusted earnings from continuing operations were an impressive $2.5 billion or $5.75 per diluted share. Higher oil and gas revenues and strong cost control, combined with a reduced share count, increased diluted earnings per share by nearly 80% over 2009.  In the fourth quarter, our adjusted earnings from continuing ops came in at $1.46 per diluted share. As Vince mentioned earlier, this result exceeded the mean earnings estimate by about $0.06. Before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to conclude with a quick review of our financial position.  As John mentioned, cash flow from operations and proceeds of asset sales closed to date approached $13 billion. During the year, we deployed our cash inflows to fund all of our capital investments, resulting in a greatly expanded reserve base and Midstream infrastructure while enhancing our long-term growth prospects. In addition to our capital program, we also repaid $1.8 billion of debt and returned more than $1.4 billion to our shareholders through our stock buyback program and dividend payments.  Devon ended the year with one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. At December 31, our debt had declined to $5.6 million and cash on hand was $3.4 billion.  While Devon clearly possesses a great deal of financial strength and flexibility, we're fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our growth per debt-adjusted share. The upcoming year is a great example of how our disciplined approach to the business will benefit our shareholders. Our focus on maximizing returns on our capital investments is leading to top line production growth of 6% to 8% in 2011. We expect our shareholder-friendly initiatives of stock buybacks and debt reduction to boost our debt-adjusted production per share to a double-digit growth rate. We believe this disciplined per share growth we are delivering in 2011 will compare very favorably to our peers. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A.
Vincent White: Thanks, Jeff. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: My question is really about the rig count. Can you just elaborate a little bit more as to where exactly you're allocating rigs for the coming year? And I guess the key thing I'm interested is that I understand your focus obviously is on liquids, but where the liquids are is Canada, of course, where right now, we're looking at something like a $40 discount versus some of the international crews, and then on NGL’s where we're looking at a $60 discount. So can you just talk about how you see the actual strength of the liquids portfolio and what you might want to try or how you might want to try and address the apparent, maybe, disadvantage that you have versus some of your more international peers that are going to be seeing some of the more robust oil prices?
John Richels: Dave, why don't you handle the rig count?
David Hager: Why don't I handle the rig count right now. And we do have, right now, about nine rigs total working for the company. And let me just try and go through it quickly here. Too much detail, but in Canada, we have about 23 rigs working and of course, we're at the height of the drilling season in Canada. So that's high relative to what it will be for the rest of the year, but we have about 10 working in our thermal program. And those are drilling those stratigraphic wells. They're in Pike that we talked about. And then, we have another 13 deployed across the rest of Canada. The more liquids-rich ones will be about three in the Lloyd area there and then we're also testing some concepts, as I mentioned, some exploration concepts that are liquids-rich there. We have about 23 located in Cana that are primarily drilling the liquids-rich portion of the play and the extension of the play to the northwest from our core. We have 13 right now in the Barnett. They are concentrating on the liquids-rich portion. And four in the Granite Wash. We also go into our Texas Gulf Coast area. We have four rigs working in the Carthage area, around an area we have traditionally high return pud program that we're executing there, proved and undeveloped program. One in Groesbeck, one in North Louisiana and one in South Texas. And then particularly in the more liquids-rich and oil-rich area of the Permian Basin, we have 17 rigs working there. I detailed where those are located in the call pretty well. I think it's six -- and they move around a little bit. But it's roughly six in the Wolfberry, four in the Avalon Shale, three in the Bone Springs and four growing out of conventional targets. And then we have three rigs up in Wyoming, some of which we're testing our more oil-oriented concepts in Powder River Basin. We have one rig working and one should key [ph] as well. So that details it all. Vince, you want to talk about the second part of the question?
Vincent White: Yes. And I think your question was oil and liquids growth, how much of it was oil, how much of it was liquids and what areas it's coming from?
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Vince, it's more about the realizations, because I understand the liquids focus but what I'm really looking out here is obviously, the world is going to change here, in the short term anyway. The incremental volume of those liquids is perhaps lagging some of the higher international phases. I'm just wondering if there's a change of focus that you can maybe bring to bear away from NGLs, maybe more towards the oilier plays, or just talk a little bit more about how you anticipate your relative benefit to the industry from your current liquids program.
Vincent White: Sure. Well, you used the word "disadvantage," Doug, and your observation is correct that currently, brand is commanding a higher price per barrel than North American crudes and obviously, NGLs' prices are depressed. I would point out that even in the current environment, our liquids-rich Cana and Barnett plays are in a better rate of return than almost anything in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico or international arenas because of the long cycle times and the impact of production sharing contracts on returns. And that's in a depressed natural gas and liquids environment. I'd also point out that a lot of our growth is black oil. Our largest liquids growth areas in 2011 are the Permian and Jackfish. 3/4 of our Permian growth will be oil, not NGLs, or of our total liquids growth in the Permian will be oil and not NGLs. And of course, Jackfish, 100% of that growth is oil. So we are not changing our oil and NGLs mix during 2011. We anticipate growing them both and maintaining our percentage of oil, which is more oil than NGLs.
J. Nichols: Doug, Larry Nichols. I might add one comment. When you think about disadvantage from one perspective or advantage from another, and that is we do not have the political risk in the United States and in Canada that many of the international plays have. As we see Egypt going through its turmoil and as that turmoil spreads through other parts of the world, we're really in an advantaged position because of the political stable countries that we're in.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Scott Hanold from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just sort of a follow-up question to that. Obviously, the [indiscernible] as well. Do you all have any kind of flexibility to move some of your volumes around to get there, for the most part?
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl Smette. And we have some flexibility, but not an awful lot of flexibility, quite frankly. As you know, most of our heavy barrels in Canada are sold in the U.S. market, mainly the refineries in the Midwest and the Chicago Minneapolis areas. And the oil that we produce in the Permian Basin, most of that oil goes to the local refineries in that area. Some of that oil is moved into cushion, but there is a lack of capacity getting oil out of cushion, which has in part contributed some of the differentials that we're seeing right now. But while we have some flexibility to move, oil around, that flexibility is fairly limited.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And the second question on the Niobrara. Can you talk about -- the Powder River Basin, I guess I'll call it, can you talk about what you drove so far and kind of some of the results you might be seeing?
David Hager: It's a little early to talk about results. We just got our first wells down and are completing them. So I think, probably next quarter, we'll have a lot more to say on that.
Scott Hanold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Some of those first wells, are they going to be targeting the Niobrara or I mean, the Parkman, and is the frontier consideration as well?
David Hager: Primary Niobrara and the Parkman with the early wells.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, on the Permian Basin and the Bone Spring Avalon Shale, you talked about the rig counts that you have in both places. Are you or do you plan on drilling the Bone Spring on the same acreage that you're testing the Avalon? And do you have an updated view on the potential from each plate in EURs as that plays?
David Hager: Where we're actually drilling the Bone Springs is a little -- not exactly the same acreage, although we think there is some overlap in the prospectivity, in general, that we're not drilling those in exactly the same locations. The Bone Springs, the first and second Bone Springs tend to be more up in New Mexico, a little bit to the north of where we're drilling our Avalon wells. And then the third Bone Springs located in Texas, a little bit to the southeast of where we're currently drilling our Avalon wells. So they are different areas. If you look at the Bone Springs, you want to talk about the EURs that we potentially have in there. We'd give those EURs on the order of 300,000 to 400,000 Boe, perhaps even a little bit better as we get down into the third Bone Springs. It looks like it's a little bit higher recovery than the first and second Bone Springs. The Avalon, we've said previously, around the order of 400,000 to 600,000 Boe per well and that's -- we're currently continuing to evaluate that and staying with that range.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And you do think there's overlap in prospectivity with that? Did I catch you? You said that.
David Hager: Yes, we think there is overlap in prospectivity. We haven't actually drilled them on the same locations but we think the prospectivity overlaps, yes.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You mentioned in your opening comments that you're seeing a little bit more gas than you originally expected in some of your liquids-rich areas. Obviously, a 20% growth versus high teens growth is not that big of a difference, but can you provide a little bit more color where you're seeing that?
David Hager: I think I'd say it has to do probably more with where we drilled in our initial wells in these trends versus necessary what the overall trend may be once we drill everything up. And so for instance in the Avalon, we have seen in the wells that we've drilled a little bit higher gas content and where we drilled our initial wells, although we're seeing some trends there that would indicate that overall, it's going to be probably within the range we'd thought. It's just not where we drilled our initial wells. And so that's what I think we're looking at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I wonder if you could give us some idea of what the yearend 2010 overall resource space look like versus the year ago on an apples-to-apples basis?
John Richels: Mark, I think we're going to try to do a bit of a resource update later on in the year, and I'm not sure we can tell you exactly what that is. But directionally, our resource base has increased significantly. We've got more prospective resource in the Cana than we thought we have. Of course, we've added a lot in our heavy oil projects where we think we probably got another 750 million barrels net to Devon of recoverable resource with the addition of our Pike resource. And all of this work that we're doing in the Permian Basin -- I mean, these are all new areas, sometimes on lands that we had for a while because of their held by production. But we, of course, will know more about that. And then lastly, we've got a very significant focus, as Dave mentioned, on new ventures, both in Canada and here in the United States, and we're pretty excited about that. As Dave said, we'd added about 750,000 acres to, of course, 1 million acres to an already large HBP position. And that will, as we get the first results from that, that will significantly add to our resource space. So the short answer is I don't think we can tell you exactly what it is. But directionally, our resource base is getting larger over time.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: John, would you say the overall resource space replaced 2010 production?
John Richels: Well, yes, much more, dramatically more. And as you know, just the proved reserves that we added, we're more than twice our 2010 production. In fact, as we said, replace our 2010 production and all of the assets that we sold in 2010 as well. So the resource potential, like in addition to those proved reserves, would be many multiples.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: My follow-up relates to some industry evidence of a possible Mississippian carbonate play in the Anadarko. Dave, can you talk about whether any of your land might be prospective for this, or whether this is something you might be looking at pursuing?
David Hager: Well, we're looking at a number of new ventures, plays, and we're just not going to get into details of exactly which ones we're pursuing. But we're certainly aware of that play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Lomos [ph] from Simons & Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Just looking at the Permian, with the horizontal success you guys have had and other operators. Have you seen any constraining factors on the rig or completion side that might hamper future growth if the rig count continues to ramp up?
David Hager: No, I wouldn't say that's a major constraint for us. We're able to access the rigs, the rig rates are going up somewhat. There's no question about that. But we have been able to access the rigs that we need in order to execute the program. Our constraint right now, I'd say, we think we're in good balance with the 17 rigs we have. We don't want to outrun the infrastructure. And frankly, we don't want to outrun the pace of our learnings from a technical perspective either, and that's probably more the governor than the actual availability of rigs.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just jumping over to the Barnett, I know you guys are planning on kind of holding production flat with 12 rigs at 1.2 Bcf for your day. Can we think longer term in terms of how long are you guys planning on keeping that flat and at what price would the Barnett become competitive, or you might think about increasing that rig count?
Vincent White: This is Vince. In the first place, the Barnett is competitive within our portfolio in the liquids-rich portions and that's why we are running 12 rigs there, to keep our production at plant capacity. The future will depend on the evolution of our view of commodity prices. We would probably be drilling more dry gas wells in the Barnett if we had a three-year view of $6 or better for average of Henry Hub prices. But it also depends on the other opportunities within our portfolio and how they compete for capital.
John Richels: Let me just throw something out. I always find this to be a kind of a fascinating thing about the Barnett and just why you want to call it the asset. [ph] As Dave mentioned, we're going to spend about $900 million in capital this year in the Barnett. It's going to throw off that assuming $4.50 gas, it's going to throw off somewhere around $1.4 billion of cash flow, so $450 million or $500 million of free cash flow over our capital expenditures. And then, our Midstream business, which as you know has thrown off $400 million, $500 million a year is roughly 80% centered in that area. So there's another several hundred million dollars that's attributable to that. So it just shows you the tremendous economics that we're getting around this play, and we have many, many years of running room left in the Barnett.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Polak with Scotia Capital.
Mark Polak - Scotia Capital Inc.: First one, just on share buybacks. Look like the pace slowed a little bit in the fourth quarter. And just wondering if you could update us. It looks like you did about $1.2 billion so far. Obviously, lots of financial capacity, do you still see doing the remaining $2.3 billion throughout 2011?
Vincent White: This is Vince, again. I would point out to you that in the fourth quarter, we slowed down our share repurchases for the months of October and November as we finalized our capital budget and updated our outlook for commodity prices going forward. Then we were back in the market in a big way in December and then so far, in the first quarter of this year. When we announced the share buyback, we said we fully expected to complete it. However, we would continue to weigh our options and as the commodity price outlook changed and what was available within our portfolio changed, we would attempt to optimize growth per share by making the correct allocation between capital projects and share repurchases. While we were updating our view for 2011, we thought it was prudent to be out of the market. Now that we've set our 2011 capital budget and updated our outlook for commodity prices, we're in there pretty aggressively. I'd point out to you that at the $88 a share where our stock, I think, opened today or close to that, we're paying about $12 a barrel, which is down quite a bit because of all the reserves that we added at year end 2010. So we think on a relative basis, this is still a great buy, and we are on track to complete the repurchase program within the authorization period. And in the absence of some big change in expectations, we'd expect to complete it. John, do you have anything to add to that?
John Richels: No. I think you've stated it well. Right now, it still looks like it's been sort of very good buy and I think it's a very prudent allocation of some of those divestiture funds.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of David Tameron from Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Let me ask two questions, Vince. But first, on the Granite Wash, was that Wheeler County and/or what formations are you targeting there?
Vincent White: Yes, that's in Wheeler County and we're targeting primarily what we call the Cherokee and the Granite Wash A there. We have also prospectivity in some of the deeper zones within the Granite Wash. To give you an idea, though, we have what we think is probably about 100 additional Cherokee locations that are operated and probably, about 60 non-operated and probably, a little over 100 locations within the Granite Wash A. And those are the two zones that we've been getting the results we talk about. We'll also have some lower Granite Wash locations, probably on the order of about 200 operated and about 250 non-op. We're starting to test some of those lower ones. They're probably not going to be quite as prolific as the upper zones, but we still think they could be very economic.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then Vermillion basin, there's chatter that you guys are testing a liquids play out there? Can you comment at all?
Vincent White: We have tested a well out there. We're really not right to talk about any sort of detail, though.
John Richels: Well, thanks, again, for joining us this morning. As Vince said earlier, our Investor Relations staff will be around all day, if you have additional questions. So give us a call, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's third quarter 2010 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. I'll begin with some preliminary housekeeping and compliance items and then our President and CEO, John Richels will provide his perspective. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our EVP of Exploration and Production will cover the operating highlights and then finally, following Dave's comments, Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer, will review our financial results and our outlook. At that point, we'll open the call up to your questions. Our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols and other senior members of the management team are with us today for the Q&A session. And as a courtesy to the other participants, we ask that each of you limit your questions to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. We'll limit the call to about an hour, and we will be around for the rest of the day to answer questions after the call. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on Devon's homepage. During the call today, we will provide some color on some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results for the first nine months of the year, and our outlook for the balance of 2011 and 2012. We will not be issuing a revised 8-K today, because our outlook for the remainder of the year falls within the updated ranges we provided in the Form 8-K that we filed last August. To access a comprehensive summary of our current guidance, which includes any refinements we make today, you can go to devonenergy.com and click on the Guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that all references today for our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates, are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities law. And while we always like to provide you with the very best data possible, many factors could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. You can find a discussion of risk factors related or estimates in the Form 8-K that contains these forecasts. One other compliance note, we'll refer to various non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use these measures, we are required under Securities law to provide certain additional disclosures and those are available for your review on Devon's website. By now, most of you are aware that our decision to sell our international assets triggered the accounting rules for discontinued operations. We have therefore excluded international production volumes for all periods presented as well as the revenues and expenses associated with those. Those are collapsed into a single line item at the end of the statement of operations. That line item is labeled Discontinued Operations. For those interested in a more detailed view of our international results, you will find an additional table in today's news release that includes a detailed statement of operations and the related production volumes that are attributable to the international properties. As a reminder, the third quarter is our first reporting period without financial or operating results from the Gulf of Mexico. While the international divestiture properties are considered discontinued operations, the Gulf of Mexico divestiture assets are included in results from continuing operations for previous periods. For that reason, we are providing supplemental information in our press release that isolates the results from Devon's North American Onshore operations or, in other words, the go-forward business. As far as straight earnings estimates ago, the majority of analysts chose to report estimates to First Call that included only our North American Onshore operations. The mean estimate from those analysts that focused on continuing operations was $1.25 a share for the quarter, that compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.31 per share. So our actual results beat the street estimate by $0.06 or about 5%. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to President and CEO John Richels.
John Richels: Thanks, Vince and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2010, Devon delivered another very solid performance both operationally and financially. Production from our North American Onshore properties totaled 613,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, a 4% increase over the third quarter of 2009. This production growth was driven by an 11% increase in oil and natural gas liquids production. In the current environment, oil and NGLs now account for roughly half of Devon's total oil gas and NGL sales revenue. Strong realized prices for our oil production and improved cost efficiencies resulting from the repositioning drove our adjusted earnings from continuing operations up more than 40% over the year-ago quarter to $571 million or $1.31 per diluted share. Cash flow for balance sheet changes climbed 47% over the third quarter of last year and combined with the divestiture proceeds Devon's total cash inflows for the third quarter approached $4 billion, far exceeding our total capital demands for the quarter. As a result, we exited the month of September with an enviable position of $4 billion of cash on hand and a bulletproof balance sheet. And on the operations front, we continued successful execution of our focused North American Onshore strategy as evidenced by quarterly production records at our liquids-rich Barnett and Cana shale plays and a multiyear production high from our Permian Basin properties. We also continue to make significant strides during the quarter towards completing the strategic repositioning that we announced just one year ago. In the third quarter, we completed the sales of our interest in the ACG field in Azerbaijan and our remaining assets in China. So to date, we've received aggregate pretax divestiture proceeds of approximately $6.8 billion. The only significant divestiture package remaining, that's our Brazilian assets, is under contract for $3.2 billion. This transaction is pending approval by the Brazilian government and all indications are that this transaction will close as expected around year end. Following the closing, we'll have realized total proceeds from our divestiture program exceeding $10 billion or roughly $8 billion after-tax. As we have always said, our objective in redeploying the divestiture proceeds is to optimize growth on a debt-adjusted per share basis. To accomplish this objective we've taken a balanced approach by directing $1.7 billion of sales proceeds to reduce debt and by allocating $1.2 billion to capture acreage opportunities across our North American Onshore property base principally in oil- and liquids-rich areas. In addition, we initiated a $3.5 billion share repurchase program last May. At today's stock price, $3.5 billion equates to approximately 12% of our outstanding common shares. Through today, we've purchased over 15 million shares for right around $1 billion. This puts us on pace to complete the buyback within the 12- to 18-month timeframe that we originally announced. Buying back Devon stock is an especially attractive alternative given our current stock price. Our share is currently priced in the mid-60s, translate into a net enterprise value of $110 per proven barrel. And this analysis attributes no value to the thousands of unproved locations that we have within our 13 million net acre resource base in North America. Now before I turn the call over to Dave, just want to address a subject that we received a number of questions about, and that is our capital budget and our production profile for 2011. Given the significant divergence of oil and natural gas prices, similar to what we did in 2010, we expect to focus more than 90% of our 2011 capital on oil and liquids-rich opportunities within our existing portfolio. Although we're still in the process of finalizing our 2011 capital budget and have not yet submitted it to our board for approval, directionally, we have a pretty good idea where we want to go. First, recapping 2010, we previously indicated that we expected full year E&P capital to total roughly $5.4 billion to $5.8 billion for our North American Onshore business. We're still comfortable with that range but taking into account continued upward cost pressures in the sector, we now expect to be in the top half of that range. This level of CapEx, I'll just remind you, includes a total of $1.2 billion of acreage capture that includes the $500 million that we invested to acquire the Pike oil sands acreage and about $700 million of additional leasing primarily in oil- and liquids-rich plays in the Permian and Mid-Continent. We would not expect to repeat this spend rate for leasehold acquisition in 2011. Adjusting for that gets you to a normalized spend for 2010 of roughly $4.5 billion for our go-forward North American Onshore E&P capital budget. Based on this starting point and assuming a similar level of drilling activity in 2011, with some inflation for service cost, I would expect our 2011 E&P capital budget to fall between $4.5 billion and $4.9 billion. When you take into account Midstream and other capital, our total 2011 capital demands should be somewhere in the neighborhood of $5.5 billion $5.9 billion. And with that level of spending, we would expect overall production growth of 6 to 8% led by a roughly 20% growth in oil and NGL volumes. I want to make this very clear. Our asset base has the capacity to grow at a much higher rate next year but top line growth is not what we are optimizing. We're focused on optimizing our growth per debt-adjusted share. We simply refuse to get caught up in the growth-at-any cost mentality. Given the current environment, we can deliver optimum results through investing in our liquids-focused capital program, buying back our stock and taking a disciplined approach to our debt balances. In 2011, we expect these actions to boost production per debt-adjusted share growth into the mid-teens. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager, for a review of our quarterly operating highlights. David?
David Hager: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. I will begin with a quick recap of company-wide drilling activity. We exited the third quarter with 67 Devon-operated rigs running and during the quarter, we drilled 407 wells. These include 384 development wells and 23 exploration wells. All but three of the wells were successful. Capital expenditures for exploration and development from our North American Onshore operations were $1.4 billion for the third quarter, bringing our total through the first nine months to $3.5 billion excluding the Pike acquisition. This level of activity increased third quarter production from retained properties by 4% over the third quarter of 2009, led by an 11% increase in oil and liquids production over the 2009 quarter. Moving now to our quarterly operating highlights. First, at our Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, our third quarter daily production averaged a little over 21,000 barrels per day net of royalties. As we indicated in our last quarterly call, Jackfish was taken down for three weeks during the third quarter for scheduled maintenance. Following the turnaround, plant operations were restored on September 30. However, it will take a few weeks to fully restore the steam chambers and climb back to plant capacity. Accordingly, fourth quarter production at Jackfish is expected to average about 23,000 barrels per day net of royalties. Construction of Jackfish 2 is roughly 90% complete and continuing to trend under budget. We expect to begin injecting steam in the second quarter of next year delivering first oil in late 2011 with production ramping throughout 2012. Our third Jackfish project, Jackfish 3 has now been sanctioned, and we filed a regulatory application during the third quarter. Pending regulatory approval, we could begin site work by late next year with plant startups target for 2015. Detailed engineering work is already underway and we have locked down prices on roughly 85% of the major equipment orders. Devon operates the Jackfish projects and owns 100% working interest. At Pike, this is our SAGD oil sands joint venture with BP that we formerly called Kirby. We have begun the appraisal drilling required to determine the optimum development configuration. We expect to complete appraisal drilling this winter with the goal of launching the regulatory process for the first phase of development around the end of 2011. Between Jackfish and Pike, we expect to grow our SAGD oil production to between 150,000 to 175,000 barrels per day by 2020. In our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we drilled 53 new wells in the third quarter holding production steady at roughly 40,000 barrels equivalent per day in the quarter. Moving to the Permian Basin. Our net production averaged just over 44,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, up 18% over the third quarter of 2009 and 6% over the second quarter of 2010. Our third quarter oil and NGL production in the Permian was up 23% over 2009 and accounted for roughly 70% of our total Permian volumes. The growth in liquids speaks to the quality and flexibly of our Property portfolio. As we mentioned last quarter, we are adding to the depth of this portfolio with approximately 200,000 additional acres in several oil- and liquids-rich plays to lease year. We have ramped up activity in several of our key oil plays and now have 17 rigs running in the Permian. One of these projects is our Wolfberry light oil play where we recently added a fifth rig. We drilled 27 wells during the third quarter including one of our best wells to date in the play, which had a 30-day IP of 500 barrels per day. Our net Wolfberry production has increased nearly 150% since the beginning of the year to approximately 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our focus over the coming months will be to continue the evaluation of our 200,000 net acre Wolfberry position. Also in the Permian Basin. We have four rigs running in the Avalon Shale play. Devon has assembled over 200,000 prospective net acres in this condensate- and liquids-rich gas play. So far this year, we have participated in 18 Avalon wells and have a production data on a total of 30 wells covering a wide geographic area. While we are still in the early stages of evaluation of this play, the data support EURs of 400,000 to 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day depending on location within the broader play area, lateral length, et cetera. We expect to participate in 14 additional Avalon wells this year. We're encouraged with the results we have seen and we'll keep you updated as we gain additional information. Another focus area in the Permian is the Bone Spring oil play, where Devon has 170,000 net acres. The Bone Spring is an oil play historically developed by vertical drilling. However, with the application of today's horizontal techniques, we have recently seeing some outstanding wells. In the third quarter, we drilled and completed the strawberry 7 federal 4H [ph] that we brought online at more than 700 barrels of oil per day. Early results from the six horizontal wells we have drilled to date in this play indicate EURs could have average around 300,000 barrels of equivalent, the cost of $3.8 million per well. We currently have three rigs running in the Bone Spring and expect to drill approximately 20 wells in the play this year. We are also running five additional rigs in the Permian targeting various conventional formations primarily with horizontal wells. Moving north to the Texas Panhandle, where Devon has approximately 58,000 net acres in the Granite Wash play, we stepped up drilling activity during the quarter with the addition of a third rig that was relocated from the Barnett Shale. In the third quarter, we brought three Devon-operated wells online with average IP rates of 4,290 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 605 barrels of oil or condensate and 1,450 barrels of NGLs. With the attractive rate of returns generated by these wells, it's likely that we'll add additional rigs in the Granite Wash as we head into 2011. Moving to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, we continue to add to our acreage position during the quarter and now have approximately 240,000 net acres, focused in the best parts of the play. This has increased our risk resource potential at Cana to more than 10 trillion cubic feet equivalent. In order to continue to derisk our position and secure term acreage that we acquired this year, we have significantly ramped up our drilling activity over the past few months. We currently have 19 operated rigs running and expect to add two additional rigs by year end. We continue to see outstanding results from Cana. In the third quarter, we brought 11 operated wells online with average 24-hour IP rates of 5.3 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including an average of 175 barrels of NGLs and condensate. Third quarter net production from Cana averaged a record 117 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, including 1,300 barrels of condensate per day and 4,000 barrels of NGLs. This is a 12% increase on a sequential quarter basis. By year end 2011, we expect to drive our net Cana production up more than 100% to 250 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 14,000 barrels per day of condensate and NGLs. In addition to enhancing upstream economics, the liquids-rich portion of the Cana field also create opportunities from a midstream perspective. To capture this value, just as we have in the Barnett and Arkoma, we are building a gas processing facility. Construction of the Cana plant is essentially complete and we expect to begin processing next month. The facility will have an initial processing capacity of 200 million cubic feet per day and will be capable of extracting up to 15,000 barrels of NGLs per day. The plant's processing capacity is expandable to 600 million a day as our volumes from the field grow. Shifting to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas. In the third quarter, our net production reached the previous all-time high of 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day, including over 40,000 barrels of NGLs and condensate per day. This illustrates the depth of our inventory in contrast to that of many of our peers. With virtually no lease expiration issues and thousands of remaining high-quality locations, we have considerable capital flexibility in the Barnett. It is likely that we will choose to run a 12-rig program in 2011 with a focus on the liquids-rich portion of the play. This level of activity should allow us to maintain our current production level. With most of our activity in the Barnett now focused on drilling multiple wells from a single pad, we are finding that we are able to achieve even greater levels of efficiency. We have also continued to improve drilling efficiency and recently set a new record of eight days from spud to rig release for three recent Barnett wells. We are currently running 16 operated rigs in the Barnett, but we'll relocate four of these late next month. Moving to the Haynesville Shale. After derisking much of our held-by production acreage in the Carthage area during 2009, our 2010 activity has focused on our term acreage in the southern area. However, given the rising service cost environment in the Haynesville, and a deep inventory of other attractive opportunities in our portfolio, our term acreage in the Haynesville does not directly attract capital within our portfolio. Therefore, we are continuing to bring in industry partners that are interested in developing this acreage. Keep in mind, the Haynesville drilling we did in 2009 in the Carthage area confirmed that we have a repeatable, economically attractive play under a more normalized gas price environment. Since this acreage is held by production, we have the luxury of pursuing this resource when the gas price and the cost environment is most favorable. And finally, in the Horn River Basin of Northern British Columbia, we have now drilled all seven horizontal wells that we planned for this year. Four of these wells have been completed and we expect to have them tied in and producing by year end. Our producing wells at Horn River continue to perform better than expected, supporting an average EUR of 7 to 8 Bcf equivalent per well. Given that the Horn River is dry gas, we plan to spend minimal capital there in 2011. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey Agosta: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will begin by looking at some of the key drivers that shaped our third quarter financial results and review how these factors impact our outlook for the upcoming quarter and 2011. As Vince mentioned earlier, we have reclassified the assets, liabilities and results of operations from our international assets into discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. Since we completed our exit from the Gulf of Mexico during the second quarter, our third quarter results from continuing ops represent just our North American Onshore operations. Or in other words, the result of the repositioned Devon. Looking first to production. In the third quarter, we produced 56.4 million oil equivalent barrels or approximately 613,000 barrels per day. This was in line with the production forecast range we've provided during last quarter's call and about 1% less than last quarter's production for our North American Onshore assets. You may recall that during last quarter's call, we told you that production from the second quarter had benefited from a 9,000 barrel per day royalty adjustment related to prior periods. Also, due to a scheduled plant turnaround, Jackfish was off-line for three weeks during the third quarter. As a result, average daily production from Jackfish was 8,000 barrels per day lower on a sequential quarter basis. Removing the out-of-period royalty adjustment, and the impact of Jackfish maintenance, sequential quarter production was up almost 2%. On a year-over-year basis, third quarter production for our North American Onshore assets increased 22,000 barrels per day or 4%. As mentioned before, an 11% increase in oil and NGL production drove the favorable comparison. Looking ahead, our high-quality North American Onshore assets remain on track to deliver full year production of 223 million to 224 million equivalent barrels. This implies fourth quarter production of 625,000 to 635,000 Boe per day, or roughly 10% over fourth quarter 2009 production. Moving to price realizations, starting with oil. In the third quarter, the WTI Index averaged $76.08 per barrel an 11% increase over to third quarter of 2009. Company-wide oil price realizations were near the top end of our guidance range at 82% of WTI. The most notable regional performance was the narrowing of heavy oil differentials in Canada. On the natural gas side, the third quarter benchmark Henry Hub gas price averaged $4.38 per Mcf. But out of third quarter realized gas price before the impact of hedges was 84% of Henry Hub, or $3.67. Cash settlements from our hedging position and regional basis swaps increased our overall price realizations by $1, bringing our all-in price including hedges to $4.67. For the fourth quarter of this year, we remain well hedged with approximately 60% of our natural gas production locked in at a weighted average price of $5.87 per Mcf. We also have roughly 70% of our fourth quarter oil production collared with an average floor of $67.47 per barrel and an average ceiling of $96.48. Looking to 2011, we recently added 300 million per day to our gas hedge position, bringing our total up to 525 million cubic feet per day for the year swapped at a weighted average price of $5.56. As part of these recent additions, we sold call options on 12,000 barrels of oil per day for 2011 and '12 at $95 per barrel, and call options on 300 million cubic feet per day of gas for 2012 at $6 per Mcf. Also for 2011, we have collars in place on 33,000 barrels of oil per day where the floor is $75 per barrel and an average ceiling of $109. We will be posting a schedule on our website after the call with all the details of our hedge position. Looking briefly at NGLs. Our price per barrel in the third quarter averaged $29.01 or about 38% of the WTI Index price. This compares to average realizations of about 40% of WTI in the previous quarter. We expect seasonal factors to provide a modest boost to NGL prices in the fourth quarter. Turning now to our Marketing and Midstream division. They continue to deliver impressive results. For the third quarter, our operating profit totaled $125 million, a 20% increase over third quarter 2009. Increased throughput and higher commodity prices drove the improvement. For the fourth quarter, we expect our Marketing and Midstream operating profit to be in the range of $110 million to $130 million. This will bring our full year operating profit to roughly $500 million. Looking now at the main expense items for the quarter. As we move forward with a strategic repositioning, we are seeing the efficiency gains flow through to our reported results. On a sequential quarter basis, most expenses decreased during the third quarter on both an absolute and a unit of production basis. Lease operating expenses totaled $415 million in the third quarter or $7.35 per Boe. This represents a 3% decrease from last quarter. This rate is indicative of what we would expect for the fourth quarter. Shifting to G&A. G&A expenses continue to be well contained in the third quarter, totaling $131 million. For the first nine months of the year, our G&A costs have declined by $73 million, or 15%, when compared to the same period of 2009. Based on the actual performance for the first three quarters, we now expect our full year 2010 G&A expense to be near the bottom end of our previous forecast range of $580 million to $600 million. Turning to interest expense. For the third quarter, it came in at $83 million, right in line with our expectations. When compared to the third quarter of 2009, interest expense decreased by 8% due to lower debt balances. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect interest expense to approximate $80 million. DD&A expense for oil and gas properties declined by 7% from last quarter to $397 million. The improvement in DD&A resulted from the sale of Gulf of Mexico assets. For the fourth quarter, we expect DD&A expense to range between $7 and $7.25 per barrel. The final expense item I will touch on is income taxes. After backing out the impact of items that are typically excluded from analyst forecasts, our adjusted third quarter tax rate on earnings from continuing operations came in at 33% of adjusted pretax income. This tax rate consisted of deferred taxes equal to 40% of pretax income and current taxes of a negative 7% for the quarter. This atypical distribution of current and deferred taxes was due to an adjustment related to the filing of our 2009 tax return. Essentially, our 2009 tax return indicated more carryover benefits available for 2010 than we had previously estimated. The cumulative impact for the first nine months of the year was recorded in the third quarter. In spite of the unusual third quarter tax rate, our adjusted tax rate for the first nine months of 2010 was similar to what we now expect for the full year, with a total rate of 33% of pretax earnings, composed of a 6% current tax rate, and a 27% deferred tax rate. In today's news release, we have provided a table that reconciles the effects of items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates. Moving now to the bottom line. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations totaled $571 million or $1.31 per diluted share. Higher oil and gas revenues along with strong cost controls increased our adjusted earnings from continuing operations by over 40% when compared to the third quarter of 2009. As Vince mentioned earlier, this result also exceeded the comparable First Call mean number by $0.06. Before we open the call to Q&A, I would like to conclude with a quick review of our financial position. During the third quarter, Devon generated cash flow before balance sheet changes of $1.8 billion, a 47% increase over the year-ago quarter. Additionally, we received $2 billion of cash from the sale of assets in Azerbaijan and China. After funding our total capital demands for the quarter of $1.8 billion and repurchasing $499 million of common stock, our cash balances increased by over $1 billion during the quarter, reaching a total of $4 billion. With that level of cash, and total debt of roughly $5.6 billion, we clearly maintained a great deal of financial strength and flexibility.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Darryl Smette - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Midstream David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President John Richels - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc. Scott Wilmoth - Simmons
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. I will begin with some housekeeping items as usual and then I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his overview. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our Head of Exploration and Production will provide an operations update. And then finally, after Dave's comment, Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer, will review Devon's financial results and our outlook. At that point, we'll open it up to Q&A.  I want to point out that our Chairman, Larry Nichols, and other seniors members of the management team are with us today as well for the Q&A session. And as a reminder, we will ask each of you in the Q&A session to limit your questions to one and one follow-up. We'll keep the call to an hour, so if we don't get to your question, we'll be around the rest of the day to answer any questions you may have remaining. A replay of this call will be available today through a link on Devon's homepage. During the call today, we will update some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results for the first half of the year and our revised outlook for the second half of 2010. In addition to the updates that we're going to provide in the call, we will find an 8-K later today that will have the details of our updated 2010 guidance. And the Guidance section of our Web site at devonenergy.com will also have the updated forward-looking information. That information is under the Guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of the Web site. Before we get to the discussion of the quarter, we're obligated to remind you that this discussion will contain information of our expectations, plans, forecasts, estimates; all of this is considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we strive to give you the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from the guidance that we're going to provide. And so we would encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors that can be found in the 8-K that we are filing today. One other compliance item: We will refer to various non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use these measures, we're required to provide additional disclosures under U.S. securities law. If you would like to review those disclosures, they are available on our Web site. I also want to remind everybody that the strategic repositioning that we are currently in the midst of affects the financial and operational data for all periods reported. Our decision to divest the international operations resulted in the related production being excluded from our reported production volumes for all periods presented. The revenues and expenses associated with those international operations are collapsed into a single line item at the end of our statement of operations labeled discontinued operations. Conversely, while we have divested all of our assets and operations in the Gulf of Mexico, oddly enough, the Gulf results are required to be reported in our results from continuing operations through the close of the sales. Said another way, the results from continuing operations reported today include both our North American Onshore assets that we are retaining and the results from our divested Gulf of Mexico operations through the date of the closing of those sales. Most of our comments today on the call will focus on the results from continuing operations but we will also provide some additional commentary, specifically referencing our North American Onshore results and we provided the information on the press release that enables you to isolate those results so that you can see what our go-forward business will look like. For those interested in a more detailed review of our international results, we've also provided information in today's press release regarding that. As far as the straight earnings forecast go, most analysts reporting estimates to First Call have excluded discontinued operations. The mean estimate of those analysts, that is the mean estimate for earnings excluding discontinued operations, was $1.39 for the quarter. Our adjusted earnings came in $0.05 lower at $1.34 per share. Main driver was higher-than-expected deferred tax rate in the second quarter. Second quarter included a true up in deferred taxes for the first six months of the year. This non-cash deferred tax expense did not affect our cash flow in the second quarter. And after the adjusting items, cash flow from continuing operations came in at $3.02 per share, which was above the First Call estimate of $2.80 per share. With those items out of the way, I'm going to turn the call over to John Richels.
John Richels: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter was another very solid quarter for Devon. Second quarter production from retained properties, that is our North American Onshore properties, exceeded our guidance growing to about 620,000 Boe per day, and that's up nearly 6% over the first quarter of 2010. With the better-than-expected performance from our retained properties, we’re raising our 2010 production guidance for our retained properties by 2 million to 3 million barrels to a revised range of 223 million and 224 million barrels equivalent. Operating cash flow from continuing operations totaled $1.3 billion for the quarter. That's a 40% increase over the second quarter of 2009. And second quarter net earnings were more than double that of the prior year coming in at $706 million, or $685 million after adjusting items. And finally, our Marketing and Midstream business delivered another solid quarter, generating $125 million in operating profits. Perhaps equally important is the progress we made during the second quarter with the strategic repositioning that we announced last November. In the second quarter, we completed our exit from the Gulf of Mexico and finalized our sale of the Panyu field in China. To date, we’ve received aggregate pretax proceeds of approximately $4.6 billion. The remaining $5.3 billion of signed transactions yet to close consists of our divestitures in Azerbaijan and Brazil and our remaining assets in China. Last week, we received the necessary approvals for the $2 billion sale of our interest in the ACG [Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli] field in Azerbaijan to BP and the closing of that transaction is now scheduled for August the 16. In Brazil, the sale to BP continues to move through the multi-layer approval process of the Brazilian government and we remain on track to close that around year end. Aggregate proceeds from the divestitures will approximate $10 billion, or roughly $8 billion after-tax, and this is well above the $4.5 billion to $7.5 billion of after-tax net proceeds that we expected when we announced our repositioning last November. As we've always said, our objective is to redeploy our capital through the combination of the E&P projects, share repurchases and debt repayment that optimizes growth on a per-debt adjusted share basis. Year-to-date, we've reduced our debt balances by some $1.7 billion, which includes the repayment of all of our commercial paper balances and $350 million of senior notes. In addition to repaying debt, we've been active with our share repurchase program that was announced in early May. During May and June, we repurchased 7.6 million common shares at a cost of $495 million. And if you include the shares we purchased in July, we now have purchased 11.9 million shares at a cost of $761 million. This represents nearly 3% of our outstanding shares. At this pace, we're well on track to complete the entire $3.5 billion share repurchase initiative within the 12- to 18-month timeframe we initially expected. As we indicated when we announced the strategic repositioning last November, we're also investing a portion of the divestiture proceeds in our go-forward North American Onshore business. As part of the asset sales to BP, we announced that we were applying $500 million of the sales proceeds to purchase 50% of BP's interest in the Kirby oil sands leases, which are immediately adjacent to our highly successful Jackfish project. We finalized the joint venture agreement with BP during the second quarter and we changed the name from Kirby to Pike just to avoid confusion with some other industry projects in the Kirby area. This acquisition substantially increases our footprint in SAGD [Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage] oil and extends Devon's visible growth in SAGD oil production for the remainder of the decade. Dave will talk more about the activity that we have planned at Pike later on in the call. We're also investing a portion of the divestiture proceeds to deepen our oil and our liquids-rich gas inventory North America. In fact, for the year 2010, we have leased or are in the process of leasing more than 450,000 net acres in oil or condensate-rich plays in addition to the Kirby-Pike acreage. Almost half of this acreage lies in the Permian Basin, where we have leased 58,000 additional net acres in our Wolfberry oil play, 115,000 additional net acres in the Avalon Shale play and 19,000 additional acres in the third Bone Spring play. The balance of the acreage is in oil plays in the Permian Basin and elsewhere that we won't be ready to talk about until we’ve completed our leasing programs. During the second quarter, we are also leasing additional acreage in the Cana play. Recently, we entered into agreements to acquire about 50,000 additional net acres in the liquids-rich portion of the Cana. This brings our position in the Cana to roughly 230,000 net acres, representing many years of drilling inventory. As many of you know, some industry observers have characterized our Cana play in Western Oklahoma as one of the most economic shale plays in North America. The liquids-rich portion of the play offers a significant oil or condensate component, as well as natural gas liquids. When we entered the year, we expected our 2010 E&P capital including expenditures associated with the divestitures assets to total about $5.6 billion. Originally, you might recall we expected to spend $1.5 billion of this budget on the assets being divested. However, the faster-than-expected progress with the Gulf divestitures and our upcoming close of the sale of ACG has allowed us to redirect about $800 million of that capital to Onshore North America, primarily for the new resource capture in the areas that I just covered. In addition, we've allocated roughly $200 million of the divestiture proceeds to our 2010 capital budget. That brings our 2010 E&P capital budget to $5.8 billion, including the $700 million of capital that we're spending this year on the divestiture properties. Of course, this does not include the $500 million Kirby-Pike acquisition, which was done as part of the BP transaction.  It's worth noting that while the $700 million of capital associated with the divestiture properties will be reported as capital spending by Devon in 2010, the terms of the purchase and sale agreements allow us to recover that capital from the purchasers in the form of purchase price adjustments. When we analyzed our 2010 North American Onshore E&P capital spend in terms of product mix, roughly 80% is focused on crude oil, condensate and liquids-rich projects. Of this 80%, roughly half is focused on crude oil and condensate projects and the other half is focused on projects where natural gas liquids production is the dominant driver of the economic. The balance, that is the remaining 20% of our budget, is largely focused on securing term acreage or de-risking natural gas plays in our existing portfolio. When you step back and view the repositioning of the company as a whole, following the close of the pending asset sales, we will have sold roughly 10% of Devon's crude reserves and production with after-tax proceeds from these divestitures exceeding 20% of our enterprise value. Assuming completion of the balance of the share repurchase program at today's stock price, we will have reduced our share count by 12%, while significantly strengthening our balance sheet and deepening our inventory in some of the highest margin oil, condensate and liquids-rich gas plays in North America. This puts us in an extremely competitive position for the future regardless of the macro environment. With that, I'll turn the call over to David Hager for a review of our quarterly operating highlights. David?
David Hager: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a quick recap of the company-wide drilling activity. We exited the second quarter with 65 Devon-operated rigs running. During the second quarter, we drilled 315 wells, including 306 development wells and nine exploration wells. All of these wells were successful. Capital expenditures for exploration and development from our North American Onshore operations were $1.1 billion for the second quarter, bringing our total through the first six months to $2.1 billion, excluding the Kirby-Pike acquisition. This level of activity increased second quarter production from retained properties by 6% over the previous quarter and 8% over the fourth quarter of 2009. Moving now to our quarterly operations highlights, in our 100% Devon-owned Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, our second quarter daily production averaged a little over 29,000 barrels per day net of royalties. Following the close of the quarter on July 10, we had a minor wellhead release of steam and bitumen. A small hole in the wellhead likely caused by sand erosion resulted in the release. Cleanup is about 90% complete and we expect to finish it in the next couple of weeks. Our technical team has completed an ultrasonic testing of all the Jackfish wellheads and determined that the issue is isolated to the three wellheads on one pad. We will be making the necessary modifications to the wellheads, and subject to regulatory approval, expect to bring the effective pad back on stream in the next couple of weeks. The production impact from the incident is minimal – about 5,000 barrels per day while the pad is offline. However, third and fourth quarter Jackfish production will be impacted by a plant turnaround scheduled to begin in September. Accordingly, our net Jackfish production is expected to average about 23,000 barrels per day for the second half of 2010. With construction of Jackfish 2 roughly 85% complete, the project is about $100 million under budget and remains on schedule for first oil in late 2011. We expect total project costs through startup for Jackfish 2 to come in below the industry average at approximately $30,000 per flowing barrel. For Jackfish 3, we expect to file the regulatory application in the next few weeks. Pending regulatory approval and formal sanctioning, we could begin site work by late 2011 with plant startup targeted for late 2014. I will remind you that Devon has a 100% working interest in each of these three Jackfish projects. At Kirby-Pike, this is our 50-50 SAGD joint venture with BP that Devon operates. We estimate gross recoverable resources there of up to 1.5 billion barrels. To determine the optimal number of development phases needed, we will initiate a drilling program and begin shooting 3D seismic over the Kirby-Pike acreage later this year. With the addition of Kirby or Pike to Jackfish, we expect to grow our net SAGD production to 150,000 to 175,000 barrels per day by 2020. In our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we drilled 14 new wells in the second quarter. Lloydminster production averaged 41,000 barrels equivalent per day in the quarter, a 4% increase over the first quarter.  Moving to the Permian Basin, as John mentioned earlier, we have been actively acquiring acreage in several of our key oil plays. In our Wolfberry light oil play in West Texas, we have added 58,000 net acres since the beginning of the year and now have 200,000 prospective net acres in the play. We have four operated rigs running and drilled 26 wells during the second quarter. The second quarter activity included our best well to date in the play, the Helen Crump B, 11 came online, flowing over 500 barrels of oil equivalent per day. While we are still in the early stages of evaluating our large Wolfberry acreage position, results to date have been encouraging. Also in the Permian Basin, we have been building a position in the Avalon Shale play. To date, we have assembled 235,000 perspective net acres in this condensate- and liquids-rich gas play. Although we are still in the early evaluation of the play, initial drilling results indicate an attractive, repeatable play with outstanding economics. The best wells we have drilled to date have IP-ed at over 500 barrels of condensate per day, 500 barrels of NGLs per day and 3 million to 5 million cubic feet per day of gas. Well costs in the play run between $3.3 million and $4 million. We expect Avalon wells to have average IPs of 300 barrels of condensate per day, 300 barrels of NGLs per day and 2 million cubic feet of gas per day in the heart of the play. We expect per-well recoveries to average over 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent. These characteristics give the Avalon Shale great return potential. We expect to participate in 32 Avalon wells this year, including 20 that we will operate. Although we have not talked much about our Granite Wash position in the past, we delivered some very encouraging results there during the second quarter. We brought two Devon-operated Granite Wash wells online with an average 24-hour IP of 29 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 585 barrels of oil or condensate and 1,330 barrels of NGLs. With the recent success in both the Cherokee and Granite Wash A sands, we are stepping up our activity in the area. We currently have two rigs running in the play and plan to add a third rig that we will move from the Barnett later this month. We have an inventory of about 150 Cherokee and Granite Wash A locations and 200 additional undrilled locations and other Granite Wash formations. Since we hold our position in the Granite Wash with existing production, we are under no pressure to drill. However, given the attractive rate of returns generated by these wells in this environment, we are reallocating capital to this play. We now plan to drill 16 Granite Wash wells this year. Moving to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, as John indicated, we are in the process of acquiring a significant amount of additional acreage in this play. Most of this new acreage is primarily term and located in the liquids-rich portion of the play. We are currently running nine operated rigs and will bring additional rigs into the play over the next few months to secure this term acreage. We continue to see outstanding results from Cana and believe that the field offers some of the best economics among gas plays in North American shale. In the second quarter, we brought 10 operated wells online with average 24-hour IP rates of 6.8 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 86 barrels of condensate and 350 barrels per day of NGLs.  Second quarter net production from Cana averaged a record 105 million cubic feet of equivalent per day, included in 1,000 barrels per day of condensate and 3,000 barrels of NGLs. This was up 43% on a sequential-quarter basis. Earlier this year, we initiated an in-field [ph] pilot program at Cana to help us better understand optimal well spacing. This was a joint project with another operator that consists of nine total horizontal wells being drilled and completed within one square mile. Five of these wells were spaced at 500 feet apart and the other four wells at 660 feet apart. Excluding the first well in the section that had been producing for some time, the average 30-day IP from the eight new wells was 5.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 46 barrels of condensate per day and 245 barrels of NGLs per day. These results are encouraging. We will continue to monitor the performance from these wells to determine if the results support this reduced well spacing. Moving to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, we are currently running 17 Devon-operated rigs. But as I mentioned, we'll be moving one of these rigs to the Granite Wash later this month. But we plan to run the remaining 16 rigs in the Barnett for the rest of 2010. We continue to be very selective with our Barnett drilling, focusing our activity in the liquids-rich areas. Our net production in the Barnett exceeded 1.1 Bcf equivalent per day, including 39,000 barrels per day of NGLs and condensate. Although hidden by the rounding, the second quarter daily rate was up 3% from the first quarter. We continue to expect our Barnett production to reach our previous record production of 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day during the third quarter.  Shifting to the Haynesville Shale, after de-risking much of our held-by production acreage in the Carthage area during 2009, our 2010 activity has focused on our term acreage in the southern area. In addition to the Haynesville potential, we are evaluating the southern acreage for Bossier Shale and James Lime potential. In San Augustine County, we brought our first Bossier Shale well online in the second quarter with a 24-hour IP of about 8 million cubic feet per day. In Southern Shelby County, the Haynesville Motley #1H was brought online at more than 7 cubic feet per day. To help secure our acreage in the southern area, we have begun farming in industry partners on a promoted basis on some of our term acreage. Given the service cost environment in the Haynesville and a deep inventory of other attractive opportunities in our portfolio, we believe this is the most prudent path to take. And finally, in the Horn River Basin of Northern British Columbia, we continue to methodically secure our 170,000 net acres with drilling. We have drilled but not yet completed four of the seven planned horizontal wells for this year. We plan to bring these four new wells on to production by year end and the remaining three in the first quarter of 2011. Our producing wells at Horn River continue to perform very well, supporting an EUR [estimated ultimately recoverable] of 7 to 8 Bcf equivalent per well. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Agosta for the financial review and outlook. Jeff?
Jeffrey Agosta: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will take you through a brief review of the key drivers that affected our second quarter financial results and provide our outlook for the second half of the year. As Vince mentioned earlier we have reclassified the assets, liabilities and results of operations from our international assets into discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. As a result, most of my comments will focus on our reported continuing operations. Our reported results from continuing ops include both our retained North American Onshore assets and a partial quarter's result from our Gulf of Mexico operations that we exited during the second quarter.  Looking first at production, in the second quarter of 2010, Devon produced 58.5 million barrels of oil equivalent from continuing ops, or approximately 643,000 Boe per day. Excluding volumes from the Gulf, our retained North American Onshore properties produced 620,000 Boe per day. This exceeded the high end of the guidance range provided during last quarter's conference call by roughly 15,000 Boe per day, about 9,000 of which was attributable to a favorable royalty adjustment on a natural gas production in Canada related to prior periods. The balance of the production beat is due to better-than-expected results from both the U.S. Onshore business and Canada. Based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the second half of the year, we now expect full year production from our North American Onshore properties to climb to between 223 million and 224 million barrels of oil equivalent. We expect our production to range between 610,000 and 620,000 Boe per day in the third quarter, and 625,000 and 635,000 Boe per day in the fourth quarter. The midpoint of our third quarter estimate reflects an increase in sequential quarter production after adjusting the second quarter for the out-of-period royalty adjustment that we reported. Moving to price realizations, in the second quarter, the WTI Oil Index remains strong, averaging $78.16 per barrel. That is a 31% increase from the second quarter of 2009. During the quarter, regional differentials widened compared to the first quarter, especially with our heavier crudes in Canada. However, our second quarter oil price realizations were right in line with the midpoint of our guidance at 80% of WTI, or $62.35 per barrel. For the third quarter, we expect our oil price realizations to approximate 95% of WTI for the U.S. and 70% for Canada. In the second half of 2010, we have 79,000 barrels per day, or roughly 70% of our expected oil production, hedged with an average floor of $67.47 and an average ceiling of $96.48 per barrel. Looking ahead to 2011, we have collars in place for 33,000 barrels per day with floors of $75 and average ceiling of $109 per barrel. On the natural gas side, the second quarter Henry Hub Index averaged $4.09 per Mcf. Our company-wide gas price realizations before the impact of hedges were 89% of Henry Hub, or $3.62 per Mcf. In the second quarter, we had 61% of our natural gas production hedged with a weighted average protected price of $5.82. Cash settlements from this hedging position boosted our average realization by $1.06 per Mcf, bringing the second quarter price up to $4.68. For the remainder of 2010, our natural gas hedging position will continue to protect roughly 60% of gas production at an average price of $5.98 in the third quarter and $5.87 in the fourth quarter. For 2011, thus far, we have entered into price swap hedges totaling 225 million cubic feet per day at an average price of $5.54 per Mcf. Later this year, we expect to add to our 2011 hedge position. Looking briefly at NGLs, our price per barrel in the second quarter averaged $30.90, or about 40% of WTI. We expect third quarter realizations to be similar to the second quarter. Seasonal factors should improve NGL realization somewhat in Q4. However, supply growth in the U.S. could put negative pressure on NGL prices over the longer-term. Shifting now to expenses, second quarter lease operating expense came in at $442 million. This equates to $7.56 per barrel, or 2% higher than the first quarter of this year. Looking ahead to the second half, with higher-cost Gulf properties now divested, we anticipate LOE will decline to between $7.20 and $7.50 per Boe. For the second quarter, our DD&A expense for oil and gas properties came in at $7.28 a barrel, a 5% decline from last quarter. Overall, our DD&A rate benefited from the sale of our Gulf assets, which lowered our depletion base. For the remainder of 2010, we are forecasting that DD&A expense will be between $6.90 and $7.20 per Boe. Moving on to G&A expense, we continued to reduce G&A expenditures in the most recent quarter. Second quarter G&A was $130 million, or 25% lower than the year-ago quarter. For the first half of the year, G&A declined by nearly $70 million when compared to 2009. This reduction is largely attributable to lower personnel costs and efficiencies realized through our strategic repositioning. Based on the positive results for the first two quarters of 2010, we are now lowering the top end of our full-year guidance by $20 million. Our new full-year estimate for G&A is a range of $580 million to $600 million. Looking at interest expense, we reported $111 million for the second quarter. Of that expense, $19 million resulted from the early retirement of the $350 million of 7.25% senior notes, which we redeemed in June. Excluding this one-time charge, second quarter interest expense totaled $92 million. For the remainder of 2010, we expect interest expense to decline to a range of $80 million to $85 million per quarter. Looking at income taxes, our reported second quarter income tax expense from continuing operations came in at $261 million. This implies a 43% tax rate on $613 million of pretax income of from continuing ops. The most significant item that influenced our quarterly tax rate was a non-cash $52 million charge related to the expected repatriation of foreign earnings. Additionally, a non-recurring taxable gain on the sale of our Gulf assets affected our current and deferred tax allocation for the quarter. This gain on sale shifted $622 million of second quarter tax expense from deferred into current. When you back out the impact of all the unusual items that are generally excluded from analyst estimates, you've get an adjusted tax rate for the second quarter of 35%. This rate on non-GAAP earnings includes a true-up adjustment to bring the year-to-date tax rate up to the 30% we now expect for the full year. In today's news release, we provided a table that reconciles the effective items that are generally excluded from analyst estimates. Going to the bottom line, earnings from continuing ops adjusted for special items came in at $597 million, or $1.34 per diluted share. Operating cash flow from continuing ops totaled $1.3 billion for the second quarter, a 40% increase over the second quarter of 2009. In addition to our operating cash flow, we also received $3.3 billion of pretax cash proceeds from the closing of divestitures in the Gulf and China. We utilized these sources of cash to repurchase for $495 million of common stock, reduce debt balances by $461 million and fund all of our capital demands, including the $500 million acquisition of 50% of BPs interest in Kirby-Pike. We ended the quarter with cash on hand of nearly $3 billion in a net debt to adjusted cap ratio at a multi-year low of only 14%. Overall, we are extremely well-positioned to continue to operate our business from a position of considerable financial strength. Continuing to execute on the plan we announced last November, positions us for strong growth per debt adjusted share in 2011 and beyond. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Vince for the Q&A.
Vincent White: Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Heikkinen of Tudor, Pickering & Co.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: Seen a lot of acquisitions this year and you raised operations and you guys have cash available and have been competitive buying some properties. As you think about bidding processes and amount of capital you’d commit to acquisitions, can you talk at all about how competitive you've been? Any amounts that you think you could actually invest this year? Or any thoughts around kind of the overall budget for acquisitions?
John Richels: David, it's John. As you can see, the areas that we've gone into this year have been areas where we either had a presence and wanted to increase it, or areas that were not subject to the same kinds of acquisition climate that some other areas were. When you look at our asset base, as you know, it tends to have some fairly similar characteristics, with kind of fairly low entry costs and a relatively low royalty burden. And so we tried to continue to focus on that. The, roughly, $700 million or so that we will have spent this year on acquisitions really helps to augment that base and gives us the kind of critical mass in those areas that we need in order to really be as efficient as we can. So we have intended to try to get into bidding wars in kind of some of the high-profile plays because we just don’t think that we can be competitive in that environment in any event.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co. Securities, Inc.: That $700 million year-to-date, can you give any distribution per region or to try it to the acreage positions that you've had, or at least in the Permian where you’ve given acreage? I know some of the other trade areas are more competitive and you may not want to detail.
Vincent White: David, this is Vince. First of all, the $700 million that John mentioned was our full-year budget, now, including the acquisitions of acreage that we've made year-to-date and also those that we expect to close in the second half of the year. As the weighting year-to-date has been in the Permian Basin and the Cana, we are avoiding specific acreage cost discussions because we are still leasing acreage in those areas. Hope to lease more. But the weighting has certainly been in those two areas, and outside the Cana has been on condensate-oriented plays or oil plays.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I'd like to follow-up on the prior question at least in my first one. It just seems to me that this is probably a time not to be aggressively trying to acquire oil- or liquid-rich acreage, but rather gas acreage, thinking a little bit longer-term and trying to invest at least contra-cyclically. I wonder if you can just comment strategically on that. Secondly, more specifically, give me an idea when royalty payout occurs on Jackfish 1 and the assumptions that you might be making in answering the question?
John Richels: As you may be aware, we already have a very, very large position in North American natural gas. Matter of fact, we’re in a real fortunate position when you look at the companies in the sector where we have roughly 40% of a 13.5-billion-barrel resource base that is in the form of either oil condensates or liquids-rich plays, and 60% that's more in the gas one. So we've got quite a bit of that and what we're trying to do is simply allocate our funds to the expenditures that give us the best return at the time. We think we got a lot of running room in the gas area as well. Doesn't mean that we won't continue, as we always have, to continue to augment positions in those areas, but we’ve got a lot of running room in the acreage that we already have.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: On the royalty payout on Jackfish?
Vincent White: Mark, this is Vince. We’ve looked around the table at each other and nobody’s really certain – oh, John, you’re certain of the answer?
John Richels: Mark, I think we’re getting right to the royalty payout level now. And the way the royalty setup in Alberta is now, we pay, I think, 5% on our production to payout. And now that we’re two-and-a-bit years into production there, we’re just about reaching that payout level, on the first phase only.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: And one, two and three are separate projects for royalty payout calculations and purposes?
John Richels: That hasn't been determined yet. We’re making our application for Jackfish 3 and though that application, we’ll determine whether these are separate projects or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The capital commitment side, John, that you have discussed on the discontinued operations, can you give us some color, a little bit, on how you basically get that capital back and whether or not there’s any commitments to maintain levels of activity, just generally what it means for your activity levels and things. Obviously, you’re not going to want the longer-term.
David Hager: This is Dave. First, to get the capital back, that’s just simply a purchase price adjustment because the effective date of the transaction is January 1 of 2010. So it's just part of the purchase price adjustment, very simple process. And we are communicating actively with the purchaser of the discontinued assets that have that closed yet, and that’s primarily BP on the Brazil assets. There is an agreed-upon plan that we had prior to the divestment of these assets and we are executing that plan. We’re having discussions with them. But there's really no source of contention at all about what we're doing there. They liked the plan. That’s why they bought the assets. And we’re continuing on with the plan. And there's really no issue about what the next step should be between now and close.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Let’s assume you had another discovery down there from an exploration well. Is there any recourse to change negotiated price on the asset?
David Hager: No. There is no recourse. And of course, either way, may have a discovery or dry hole, and I think, frankly, we are able to very fairly represent the potential of all the wells that we're drilling right now and we think we got paid for it.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: My follow-up is completely unrelated. I guess Pike and the potential development planning, I just wonder if you can give a little bit more color? You talked about the level you expect to get to by the end of the decade. But what’s the likely timing on Pike in terms of when you might actually think about breaking ground on that project?
David Hager: Well, we have quite a bit of work to do yet before we know for sure on that on what the timing may be. Obviously, we’re going to enter a busy winter with our additional strut drilling and 3D seismic we’re going to do out there, as well some engineering work. But given all that, I can give you kind of a rough and tentative timetable. Provided that we have adequate reservoir delineation through this winter’s drilling program, we could have an application for the first phase of Pike somewhere in late 2011. Now how large that phase is has not yet been determined and it will depend somewhat on the results with this winter's drilling program. But then with that, you might have regulatory approval somewhere in early 2013, and then you could begin facilities construction, have first team somewhere around mid-2015 and potentially reaching peak production probably on that first phase somewhere in late 2016. All of that’s a tentative schedule and have a lot of work to go yet to know if we can accomplish that. But again, that’d be the first phase, and whether the first phase is 35,000 barrels a day or 70,000 barrels a day or something like that, we don't know yet. We have to do the work this winter and that will give us a lot better handle on that.
John Richels: When you think about it, if you look at Kirby or Pike and Jackfish together, I think we talked about this before. We have been keen to acquire that acreage, that Kirby-Pike acreage, for many, many years and it really came together as a result of the this larger transaction we did with BP. We've got continuous projects coming on: the second phase of Jackfish, the third phase of Jackfish and then several phases of Kirby. And we feel pretty darn good about that Kirby acreage. As Dave said, we got to do a lot of delineation drilling, but we have a lot of wells there already that we had core samples for, from, Dave was just saying 250 wells. So there's a lot of wells there that we have core samples from. So we’re pretty enthusiastic about this development prospect on this acreage over the next five to 10 years.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: When you go to a 15% tax rate up there, John?
John Richels: Well, it depends on whether these projects get lumped together as one large project or individual projects. We haven’t finally determined that yet with the regulator.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wilmoth of Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: Just thinking more about 2011 natural gas hedges, it sounds like you guys have started to put some hedges on, and it roughly looks like about 10% of production. Are you guys still targeting corporate level of 50% hedged? And is there a price that you guys would not add natural gas hedges at?
Jeffrey Agosta: Well, our goal still, as we said earlier, our goal is going to be to have about 50% of our production of both natural gas and oil hedged each year. We set that out as goal. When we do it, how we do it may change. And I think our view as well has been that we’re going to try to lock in prices that will give us some real protection and don't just give protection at the bottom end of the range that we believe to be likely for the year. Darryl’s here. Darryl, do you want to add anything to kind of what the market looks like today and where we might be going with our hedges in the next little while?
Darryl Smette: Well, I think you covered it. As Jeff, I think, pointed out, we have to a 225 million today hedged via swaps at $5.55 or thereabouts on the gas side. We do intend to get up to that 50% level. Our view is that we could have prices anywhere from $4 to $6. We’re in the middle of a real you cooling season period right now and right in the middle of potential hurricanes, which actually have the tendency, historically, to move price quite a bit. So we’ll probably be in the market in the $5 to $5.50 range over the next few months and do expect to get to that 50% level by the end of the year.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: Any preference for callers or swaps in that regard?
Darryl Smette: Right now, we’re targeting mainly swaps on the gas side. And we do have a preference for callers on the oil side, as is indicated by, I think, 33,000 or 35,000 barrels we have hedged already. So we tend to like swaps on gas and callers on oil.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: Then jumping over to the Avalon, can you guys just comment on how many rigs you guys are currently running? And considering things are going well, where do you think the rig count heads into 2011?
David Hager: Well, hopefully, it's going up. We’re running one rig right now. We’re going to be adding a couple more rigs here later on this year. We’re really just getting the first results of our operated wells. We have participated in a handful of OBO wells that give us a good indication of potential. We want to get term results from our operated wells also. But the potential liquid content that we see in the heart of the play here, this could be a very attractive play for us economically. And if it all works out, I can see us significantly increasing our activity next year on this play. But we just need to get a little bit more results. But we’re very encouraged with what we know so far and think it could be a pretty big play for us in the future.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: One last on the Avalon, can you just speak generally about the geologic makeup of the Avalon? Just kind of some general characteristics?
David Hager: I can give you a few stats here if you’d like. The Avalon is essentially the source rock for the Bone Springs out there. I’ll give you a few stats here if you’d like. It tends to have porosity generally in the range of around 8% to 15%. It is a shale, it’s is a fairly thick shale; it’s a fairly homogeneous shale there out there. The thickness on it ranges on the New Mexico side, probably on anywhere of around 125 to over 300 feet thick. Similarly on the Texas side of the play, which is much less mature from a drilling standpoint at this point, we noted it's a very liquids-rich play on the New Mexico side. It is less known how liquids-rich it is on the Texas side of the play, and that’s part of what we’re going to determining with our drilling program when we add a rig on that side as well. But it's a thick, homogeneous shale with a good porosity, normally pressured, but with, apparently, a very high liquids content. On the depth of it, if you’re curious here, is also on the order around 7,000 feet to10,000 feet on the New Mexico side; a little bit shallower on the Texas side, more like 6,000 to 7,000 feet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Following up on some of the earlier questions about leaseholds, and just maybe this is a clarification question, how much did you actually spend in leaseholds in the first half? What is then implied for the second half? And does that get you to where you want to be in your key plays you’re pursuing or is this something that you see as ongoing over the next few years?
Vincent White: I tell you what, while we’re looking up the amounts spent in the first half versus the second half, let me just tell you philosophically, Brian, that while we think we always need to have a leasehold acquisition component to have a sustainable business, we've done a disproportionate amount of leasing in 2010 to what we would expect on an ongoing basis. And to the extent that additional acreage at reasonable prices is available in these very attractive plays, we would continue to take on additional acreage. We always have to work towards balance of resource capture and research development. And we’re very mindful of that. While we’ve had some opportunities to beef up our positions here, we will balance the capital going forward.
Jeffrey Agosta: And Brian, to just remind you that we kind of look at this as part of this ongoing repositioning, the repositioning involved not only the sale of our Gulf and International operations, but also some increase in our positions in some of these areas. And as Vince said, we’ve got to do this all the time. What we also have to do, though, it may make some other projects that we have non-competitive. We may want to move them out or farm them out or do other things with them. So there is probably, as Vince said, a disproportionate amount that we’ve done this year as part of this reallocation process.
Vincent White: The acreage acquisition throughout 2010 outside of Kirby is roughly equally spaced first half of the year to expected second half of the year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: As a follow-up, you generally made the comment since the restructuring, that despite the divestitures, your liquid versus gas mix wouldn't change much, partly considering the growth of Jackfish. With the activity and leasehold changes and the more liquid-focused spending shift, do you expect that this should further shift your production mix more towards liquids and can you quantify how much and where you see and when you see that happening?
Vincent White: Certainly to the extent where we have more acreage in these oil, condensate and liquids-rich plays, it does increase of that. But I would go back to pointing out, as you know, we've already got such a large portion that’s oil or liquids-rich that it’s not like we are going from a very small proportion to suddenly doubling it. So it’ll make a difference. I don't know exactly how much of a difference that’ll make, Brian. But as you looked at our – we've talked before about our 32,000 drilling locations before any of these resource acquisitions that we've made this year and 13.5 billion barrels of resource potential. That was already about 40% focused on oil, condensate liquids. So by adding this, it certainly augments it, but it’s not like we’re suddenly trying to get into the oil, condensate or liquids business. We were already in it.
David Hager: While about 1/3 of our current production is oil and liquids. About 40% of our proved reserves are oil and liquids. So we’re definitely, based on our proved reserve mix, our production mix would move that direction, all things being equal over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon of Pritchard Capital.
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: John, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on Cana in terms of when you’d expect to have a good idea on the down spacing and whether that is going to work. Is it six months?
John Richels: Let me turn it over to Dave. Dave can answer that question, Ray.
David Hager: The six months is probably a pretty good estimate. We want to get a good production history on these wells before we really make a decision on it. I will remind you that at least when we talk about our perspective, the potential in Cana, the potential does not include any resources associated with this down spacing. So if this down spacing is successful, and I think we’ve characterized Cana before, but it was about 8.8 Tcf equivalent. If this down spacing is successful, then we could add to that total significantly, hopefully.
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: I was wondering, I guess, given that the large increase in acreage, I was wondering what do you see as a sustainable growth rate, based on $5 gas and $75 oil world at this point given the repositioning in your CapEx?
Vincent White: This is Vince. The problem with the question is we’re really trying to optimizing growth per debt adjusted share. So there's a lot of variables into how we allocate capital going forward. We've got the potential in our resource base, given in of capital spend, to deliver double-digit top-line growth for a long period of time. Whether that's the right decision or not depends on our outlook for oil and gas prices, for our equities trading and a variety of other factors. We’re not going to pin down a number on that.
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: Just one more kind of bigger picture question, with the industry’s focus on liquids plays, what's your outlook for – do you think ethane, butane and propane will kind of continue to trade at a premium to gas or are you looking to hedge as your volumes ramp for those products?
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl. Obviously, at least in the short-term over the next year or two, we do believe there could be some additional pressure on liquid prices, primarily ethane. There’s limited market in terms of they make plastics and they’re using refineries and that's about it. It doesn’t have the degree of flexibility that a propane product would have. So we do think that there is a possibility if there's a continued increase in capital spend on these projects throughout the industry, that you could see some downward pressure, primarily on the ethane side of the business. But we just still think that it will trade at a 20% to 25% premium to natural gas, if you're looking at gas prices in the $5 to $5.50 range. So little bit of downward pressure, but still traded at a premium.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hurling [ph] from Society General.
Unidentified Analyst: With Jackfish 2, you mentioned in the beginning that you had a good savings in terms of development. How was that manifested? Was it just lower labor costs or what was going on there?
David Hager: This is Dave. I’d say it was a different approach to the project management. I would say that it was the overall contributor to that where we did a lot of project management. We did more internally versus externally on Jackfish 1, and that really allowed us to have greater control of the overall project and greater control over the cost. And so we just really incorporated a lot of the learnings that we had on Jackfish 1 and the Jackfish 2, and we’ll use those again in Jackfish 3.
Unidentified Analyst: With Avalon, Dave, how long are the horizontals? How big are the fracs? And also you didn't mention the organic content. How does this formation compare to say, the Barnett?
David Hager: I don't have the data in front of me. I’m sure we can get back to you. The horizontal lengths we’re planning to drill, it’s about 4,000 feet on these wells. TOCs, total organic content on these, John, I’d better double check before I say some numbers, but it’s pretty darn rich. I can tell you that.
Unidentified Analyst: You're in a lot of plays that are competitive. Are you locking in consumables like pipe or trying to lock in more rigs in terms of your future spending since you have stepped it up?
Darryl Smette: John, this is Darryl. We have some longer-term contracts on some of our rigs. I think right now, we have 23 under long-term contracts. Those contracts lengths vary from a year up to three years. I think Dave said we are running 65 rigs; so obviously, we have a lot of rigs that are not under long-term contract. And while we may move some of those rigs under long-term contracts up a little bit, I don’t think it would be very much. Historically, we've tried to stay somewhere between 40% and 50% on long-term rigs. The bigger issue is really the cost has to do with the frac-ing costs. And those costs went up significantly. And while they started being played high in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville, that has certainly progressed to the rest of the country now. Our experience has been in dealing with these people that providing services that they don't want to lock in any long-term projects unless it’s at a real premium price. Even in today’s market, they still believe costs are going to go up. And so we have not had really any positive response from any of those service providers in terms of wanting to lock in long-term contracts at current prices. So I don't imagine we will probably do that. There are some things that we are locking in. We’re locking in some fuel prices for some of our rigs and things of that nature, but some of the bigger service costs, in terms of the frac-ing and stuff, I don’t see that, that’s going to happen anytime soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillip Dodge from Tuohy Brothers Investment.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: On the Barnett, your production guidance for the September quarter, 1.2. Going forward, how many rigs would you have to employ to maintain that level?
Jeffrey Agosta: We’re right around that level, doing where we currently are, around 15 to 17, somewhere in there.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Then on the Horn River, you gave EUR number of seven to eight Bcf per well. Could you tell us what lateral length and number of fracturing stages are embedded in that EUR?
David Hager: Well, we’re still optimizing the number of frac stages that we would have in the Horn River. We think it's going to be most likely somewhere in the eight to 11 area. We’re getting a little bit over a Mcf per frac stage and it's just really a cost trade off there on what provides the best economics. On the lateral length for the Horn River Shale, again, we’re optimizing that. We anticipate it's going to be somewhere in the range of around 4,600- to 5,900-foot.
Vincent White: We’re a couple of minutes past the top of the hour, so we'll wrap up the call for today. Thanks for joining us. And as we said earlier, we’ll be around the rest of the day for any follow-up.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent White - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations J. Nichols - Co-Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Dividend Committee Jeffrey Agosta - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David Hager - Executive Vice President of Exploration & Production John Richels - President and Director
Analysts: Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners Allen Chan Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Harry Mateer - Lehman Bothers Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Scott Wilmoth - Simmons Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent White: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. I'll take care of a couple of housekeeping items and then Larry Nichols, our CEO, will give his thoughts on the quarter, as well as an update on our strategic repositioning. Following Larry's remarks, our President, John Richels, will provide a financial review and then Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, will cover our capital budget and the operating highlights. We will follow with a Q&A period and as usual, we will hold the call to about an hour. As always, we ask that participants on the call to keep their questions in the Q&A session to one question and one follow-up. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage.  And also during the call, we will update some of our forward-looking estimates based on actual results for the first quarter. Since the revisions are pretty minor, we are not planning on issuing a new 8-K, but we will post these changes to the guidance area of our website. To find that, just click on the Guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of Devon's website. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. We encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that is provided with our forecast in our Form 8-K. One other compliance note, we'll use certain non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use those measures, we're required to provide certain related disclosures. Those disclosures are also available on the Devon website.  Finally, I want to remind you that our financial and operational reporting has been complicated by the restructuring that we're undergoing. Our plan to divest our international operations has triggered accounting rules for discontinued operations. Under those rules, we're required to exclude our international oil and gas production from our reported production volumes for all of the periods presented. The related revenues and expenses for our international operations are collapsed into a single line item at the end of our statement of operations. That line item is filed discontinued operations. For those of you interested in a more detailed review of the international results, we have supplied additional tables in our news release. And to make matters worse, even though we are selling our assets in the Gulf of Mexico, the accounting standards for discontinued operations do not apply to this Gulf assets. The results of operations from those divestiture assets reside in our continuing operations up to the date of closing of the sale of those properties. Throughout the call, our comments will generally be directed to results from continuing operations but wherever possible, we'll provide additional commentary specifically targeting our North American onshore results or our keeper properties. Information is also provided in our press release to enable you to isolate certain results from Devon's North American onshore operations. The accounting treatment of the divestiture properties also complicates the comparability of earnings estimates. About 2/3 of the analysts that reported estimates the first call this quarter excluded the impact of the discontinued operations. The mean estimate of earnings per share from analysts that excluded discontinued operations is $1.43 for the first quarter. That compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.65 per diluted share for the first quarter. For those analysts that included discontinued operations in their estimate, the mean estimate was $1.50 per share as compared to our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.85. So in either case, our first quarter results were significantly better than the Street's expectations. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Larry.
J. Nichols: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Clearly, the first quarter of this year was a very good one for Devon. First quarter production from our retained properties and that is, of course, the North American onshore properties grew to 587,000 Boe per day, which is up nearly 3% over the fourth quarter of 2009. And it's worth pointing out that 186,000 barrels per day of this production were roughly 1/3 is oil and NGLs. With production near the top end of our guidance and with strong price realizations relative to benchmark prices and with lower costs in nearly every expense category, first quarter earnings handily beat Street estimates. Also our Marketing and Administering business delivered another solid quarter generating $133 million in operating profit. And finally, we continue to maintain a very strong financial position. We ended the quarter with one of the strongest balance sheets in the NP sector, following the repayment of $1.2 billion of commercial paper and ending the quarter with cash on hand of nearly $1.2 billion. During the first quarter of 2010, we also made remarkable progress with the strategic repositioning that we announced just last November. Early in the quarter, we closed the sale of three lower tertiary projects for aggregate sales proceeds of $1.3 billion. Then in March, we announced the sale of our remaining assets in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Brazil and Azerbaijan to BP for $7 billion and other long-term commitments. Because of the confidentiality agreements, we're not at liberty to disclose at this time the allocation of value among the various components of the sale to BP. However, the deepwater Gulf assets are clearly a significant piece and this portion of the transaction is now closed. As a result, we're essentially out of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico as of today. We also recently announced the sale of the last of our assets in the Gulf of Mexico, which are the shelf assets, to Apache for $1,050,000,000. And finally, last week, we announced the sale of our Panyu field in China to CNOOC [China National Offshore Oil Corporation] for $515 million. We expect both the shelf and the Panyu transactions to close during the second quarter. So we're making great progress in all these sales. When we first announced our plan to strategically reposition Devon, we expect that total after-tax proceeds from the divestitures of somewhere between $4.5 billion and $7.5 billion. The transactions that we've announced to date ensure that we'll exceed the top end of that range, including the few remaining international assets that remain to be in our contract. We now expect total after-tax proceeds of approximately $8 billion. To date, we have used $1.2 billion of the sales proceeds to retire all of our outstanding commercial paper balances. We're also using $500 million of the sales proceeds to increase significantly our resource potential and our steam-assisted gravity drainage oil with the purchase of 50% of BP's interest in Kirby oil sands leases, which is a transaction we expect to close by the end of this month, by the end of may. This balance of the sales proceeds leaves us with tremendous flexibility to retire debt, to fund incremental E&P projects and to buyback stock. Given our outlook for natural gas prices and our continuing refusal to get caught up in the growth-at-any-cost mentality, we will not accelerate our dry gas production growth. The dry gas wells we're drilling are focused mostly on securing our acreage position and our shale plays such as Haynesville and Horn River and evaluating that you few new play concept. However, given the prevalence of oil and liquid-rich gas opportunities within our portfolio, most of our 2010 capital budget is focused on oil and liquid rich plays. As Dave will address later in the call, we're allocating some capital to increase our footprint in some of our oil and liquid rich plays in and around existing areas of opportunities. As we consider the alternatives for the deployment of capital, our objective is always to optimize growth per share on a debt-adjusted basis. There are, of course, many factors that affect the relative attractiveness of the various alternatives. Current circumstances make the repurchase of our own common shares very attractive. These conditions led us to the announcement we made today to initiate a significant share repurchase program. Devon's Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of about $3.5 billion of Devon's common shares. $3.5 billion worth of Devon's common shares. At today's share price, that represents about 12% of our shares. The pace of our purchases will, of course, depend upon marketing conditions as been our practice in previous year of repurchases. Having said that, though, we haven't taken steps to begin purchasing our shares immediately. It is worth noting that when you take into account the divestiture proceeds and putting modest value of our Midstream business of 8x annual profit. The purchase of a Devon share today, well, at yesterday's closing price is $66.35, represents significantly less than $10 per Boe of post-divestiture proved reserves. These analyses attributes no value to our thousands of unproved locations across all of our shale plays. No value to the continued expansion of our Canadian oil projects, Jackfish and Kirby. And no value to the unproved acres we've established across North America, much of which was oil and liquid-rich areas. Suffice it to say, we believe that Devon stock represents a very compelling value. With our transformation of Devon approaching completion, we cannot be more pleased with the way we have positioned Devon for the future. We have significantly reduced the company's risk profile. We have improved the company's overall cost structure. We have maintained a balance of natural gas and liquids production. We have established a deep inventory of development projects, both in oil and in liquid-rich gas. And we will emerge with one of the strongest balance sheets in our peer group. When the dust settles, Devon will have retained the projects in our portfolio with the most attractive risk-adjusted returns, with a balance sheet that will allow us to aggressively pursue the development of those projects and with a highly competitive overall cash structure. We will be well-positioned to weather any industry downturn. With that, I'll turn the call over to John Richels for a financial review.
John Richels: Thanks, Larry. Good morning, everyone. Today, I want to take you through a brief review of the key drivers that affected our first quarter financial results and review how those factors influenced our outlook for the remainder of the year. As Vince mentioned earlier, we've reclassified the assets, liabilities and results of operations for our international assets in the discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. As a result, I'll focus most of my comments on our reported continuing operations and just to reiterate, our reported results from continuing operations include both our retained North American onshore assets and the Gulf of Mexico assets that we are divesting. Let's begin with a review of our production. In the first quarter of 2010, we produced 55.8 million oil equivalent barrels or 620,000 barrels per day. This result represents a 2% increase in daily production from continuing operations over the fourth quarter of 2009 and was really right in line with the guidance that we've provided in our previous earnings call. When you look specifically at the assets that Devon is retaining that is our North American onshore properties, you'll find that production increased to 587,000 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2010, 3% over the fourth quarter of 2009. Our liquids rich Barnett, Cana and Arkoma-Woodford Shale plays, as well as increased oil production from our Permian Basin properties drove the production growth. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2010, we expect production from our retained North American onshore properties to increase to between 595,000 and 605,000 barrels per day. Since we have now closed the deepwater sale to BP, we expect that the Gulf of Mexico will only add an incremental 1 million to 2 million barrels of production in the second quarter depending upon the timing of the close of our shelf-divestiture package. With respect for our 2010 production guidance for our North American onshore operations, we remain on track to deliver 221 million barrels equivalent. If you include the production from our Gulf of Mexico divestiture properties, we expect full year production from continuing operations to be in the neighborhood of 225 million to 226 million barrels. Moving to price realizations beginning with oil, in the first quarter, the WTI Index price rose to an average of $78.54 per barrel. That's an 82% improvement over the first quarter of 2009. In addition to the higher benchmark price, regional differentials, as a percentage of WTI, narrowed pushing company-wide price realizations above the top end of our forecast range. The most notable regional outperformance occurred in Canada. This is because heavy oil differentials remained narrow in the first quarter due to strong demand. In total, Devon's first quarter realized oil price came in at $67.58 per barrel or approximately 86% of WTI. That's a $36 per barrel improvement in our oil price realization compared to the year-ago quarter. Looking to the remainder of 2010, we protected the price on over 70% of our North American onshore oil production using collars, with a weighted average floor of $67.47 per barrel and a ceiling of $96.48 per barrel. On the natural gas side, the first quarter Henry Hub Index increased to an average of $5.30 per Mcf. Overall, the company-wide gas price realization before the impact of hedges were 91% of Henry Hub or $4.80 per Mcf. We had hedges covering about 1.4 billion cubic feet per day for the quarter, with weighted average protected price of $6.12 per Mcf. Cash settlements from these hedges and our basis swaps increased Devon's realizations by $0.42 per Mcf, giving us an all-in price, including hedges of $5.22 per Mcf. For the second quarter, we now have hedges covering 1.5 Bcf per day, that's nearly 2/3 of our North American onshore production with a weighted average protected price of $5.88. A more detailed hedging schedule is available in the Guidance section of our website. Turning now to our Marketing and Midstream business, once again, our Marketing and Midstream operations delivered strong results, generating $133 million of operating profit in the first quarter. Higher commodity prices and strong cost controls were the key performance drivers during the quarter. With the first quarter in hand, we're very well-positioned to achieve our full year forecast range of $450 million to $525 million.  Let's move now to expenses. The company did a very good job of controlling costs during the first quarter. Our first quarter lease operating expenses from continuing operations totaled $414 million. This translates to $7.41 per barrel produced and that's about $0.10 below the low end of our guidance range for 2010.  When compared to the first quarter of 2009, LOE expense declined by 6%, and that's in spite of significantly higher Canadian to U.S. dollar exchange rates and increased energy costs. To illustrate the effect of that, if we exclude the impact of the strengthening Canadian dollar, first quarter LOE declined 13% compared to the first quarter of 2009 instead of that 6% that I mentioned earlier. When you isolate the performance of Devon's go-forward North American onshore asset base, the per unit lease operating expense is even more competitive at $7.19 per barrel of production. This is especially impressive considering that roughly 1/3 of this quarter's production was liquids. Looking to the second quarter, we expect unit LOE from our retained assets to be between $7.20 and $7.50 per Boe. Devon's reported DD&A expense for the first quarter was $426 million or $7.63 per barrel, near the low end of our guidance range. Looking ahead, the sale of our Gulf of Mexico assets will lower our go-forward DD&A rate. As a result, we expect our second quarter depletion expense to decline to a range of $7.30 to $7.50 per barrel produced. Moving on to G&A expense, our first quarter G&A expense decreased to $138 million. That's about 16% reduction in G&A expenditures when compared to the first quarter of 2009. The year-over-year decline in G&A costs is largely attributable to operational efficiencies that were achieved through our restructuring. Shifting to interest expense, interest expense was right in line with our expectations at about $86 million for the quarter. In the second quarter, due to the sale of our deepwater Gulf of Mexico operations, we will capitalize less interest. And as a result, even though our overall borrowing costs are declining, we're forecasting that our reported interest expense will rise to about $95 million. The final expense item I'd like to touch on is income taxes. For the first quarter, we reported income tax expense from continuing operations of $514 million or 32% of pre-tax income. After backing out the impact of special items, you get an adjusted tax rate of 31%. And this is made up of current tax rate of 13% of pre-tax income and deferred taxes of 18%. This is in line with our full year forecast and similar to the rates we would expect for the remainder of the year.  In today's earnings release, we have provided a table that reconciles the effects of the items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates. So moving to the bottom line, in the first quarter, our adjusted earnings from continuing operations were $740 million or $1.65 per diluted share. Adjusted earnings from discontinued operations added another $91 million or $0.20 per diluted share. So in aggregate, after backing out the items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates, our adjusted net earnings for the first quarter were $831 million or $1.85 per diluted share. Our reported net earnings for the quarter were much higher, almost $1.2 billion, due primarily to the $334 million impact of unrealized gains on hedges. All in all, Devon delivered a very strong performance led by production at the top end of our guidance, strong price realizations for both oil and natural gas and very good cost control. Before I turn the call over to Dave Hager for an operations update, I want to spend a few moments reviewing our financial position. During the quarter, we generated cash flow before balance sheet changes of $1.4 billion, up 45% over the first quarter of 2009. In addition, we also received $1.3 billion of cash proceeds from the closing of the sales of three of our lower tertiary discoveries in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Looking briefly at our capital structure, we utilized our sources of cash to fund all of our capital expenditures for the quarter and repay $1.2 billion of commercial paper borrowings. As a result, at March 31, our net debt balances declined to $4.9 billion and our debt-to-capitalization ratio reached an 18-month low of 22%. We ended the first quarter with cash on hand of $1.2 billion as well. Overall, we're very excited about Devon's future and we believe that we're extremely well-positioned to continue to deliver a strong per share growth in both the near and the long term.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin with a quick recap of company-wide drilling activity. We had as many as 80 Devon-operated rigs running during the first quarter, but our winter drilling program in Canada wound down, we ended March with 60 Devon-operated rigs running. This is about the level of activity we expect to maintain for the remainder of 2010. During the first quarter, we drilled 454 wells, included 426 development wells and 28 exploration wells. All of the development wells were successful and all but one of the exploratory wells were successful. Capital expenditures for exploration and development from our North America onshore operations totaled $1 billion for the quarter. Given the abundance of oil and liquids-rich gas opportunities in our portfolio, going into 2010, our initial capital budget for the year was already weighted towards oil and liquids-rich gas plays. As a result of the earlier-than-expected sales of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and international assets, our 2010 capital budget for the divestiture assets has decreased by roughly $900 million. This gives us the opportunity to reallocate some of this capital to capturing additional acreage in onshore oil and liquids-rich gas plays and potentially to increase drilling on some of these plays. During 2010, we have either leased or in the process of leasing approximately 300,000 additional net acres in oil and liquids-rich plays. This include additional leasing in the Wolfberry and Cana plays, as well as significant acreage additions and potential new plays in the Permian and Rockies. We're currently conducting a mid-year capital review and if necessary, we'll provide updated capital guidance during our second quarter call. Moving now to our quarterly operations highlights, at our 100% Devon-owned Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, our daily production reached facilities capacity during the first quarter. However, minor operational issues, which now have been addressed, limited our production for the quarter to an average of just over 26,000 barrels per day net of royalties. Jackfish continues to be one of the best performing SAGD projects in the industry. Construction of our Jackfish 2 project is now roughly three quarters complete and remains on budget. Had drilling continues and the project remains on schedule for first oil in late 2011.  At Jackfish 3, we continue to work toward filing the regulatory application in the third quarter of this year. Pending regulatory approval and formal sanctioning, we could begin site work by late 2011 with plant startup targeted for 2014. I will remind you that like Jackfish 1 and 2, we expect Jackfish 3 to average 30,000 barrels per day net of royalties over the life of the project and to recover approximately 260 million barrels of oil after royalties. Devon has 100% working interest in each of the three Jackfish projects. At Kirby, we are currently working through the details of our joint venture agreement with BP and expect to have a signed agreement in place later this month. Our first step on the Kirby oil sands leases will be to further evaluate the size of the resource and to determine the optimal number of development phases needed. To accomplish these, we expect to drill approximately 170 delineation wells beginning as early as the third quarter. When you combine our three Jackfish projects and our potential on the Kirby leases, we estimate our net production from these projects will reach 150,000 to 175,000 barrels of oil per day by 2020. This represents a compound annual growth rate for our Canadian oil sands production in the high teens for the next decade. In our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we drilled 67 new wells in the first quarter. Lloydminster production averaged 40,000 barrels equivalent per day in the quarter. In 2010, we plan to spend $82 million drilling approximately 140 wells to roughly maintain current production levels. Moving to the Permian Basin and our Wolfberry light oil play in West Texas, we recently added 11,000 net acres and now have 160,000 prospective net acres in the play. With average well costs under $1.4 million, this play provides repeatable, low-risk, high-return drilling opportunities. In the first quarter, we added a fourth rig. Until recently, we focused our drilling in the Odessa South area, where during the first quarter, the Clara Edwards #11 was brought online, flowing 450 barrels of oil equivalent per day, our best well to date in this play. We are utilizing two of the four rigs to delineate the Wolfberry potential in other parts of our acreage position. We plan to drill approximately 80 Wolfberry wells this year and have significant running room, with more than 1,100 remaining risk locations. Elsewhere in the Permian Basin, we are currently running four additional rigs drilling for oil or liquid-rich gas targets. We are adding another two horizontal rigs in May. This rigs are drilling both conventional and unconventional targets, as well as accelerating the derisking of our acreage positions in new plays.  Right around our home city, here in Oklahoma City, we continue to be impressed by the growth we're seeing in an area that has not been on anyone's radar screen until a couple of years ago, the Cana-Woodford Shale. We recently added to our position and have continued to derisk our acreage and refine our technical view. As a result, we now have 180,000 net acres in what we believe is the best part of the play. We added two rigs last month, and we're currently running nine operated rigs. The additional rigs will allow us to accelerate further the process of derisking and securing our acreage. We continue to see outstanding results from Cana. In the first quarter, we brought 16 wells online with average 24-hour IP rates of about 6 million cubic feet equivalent per day. We grew first quarter net production to over 73 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, up 210% from the first quarter of 2009. By the end of the first quarter, our Cana production inclined to a record 100 million cubic feet equivalent per day. During the quarter, we drilled the two highest IP rate wells to date in the field. The Bingham 127H and Kurt 114H [ph], both came online with initial production rates over 10 million cubic feet per day equivalent and each are expected to have ultimate recoveries in excess of 10 billion cubic feet equivalent. With our low cost of entry and low royalty burden, the Cana-Woodford continues to offer some of the strongest economics among North American shale plays. Our Cana economics are further enhanced by the liquid-rich nature of the gas over a good portion of the field. In the rich areas of the core, our liquids content is as high as 120 barrels per million cubic feet, of which roughly a quarter is condensate. Production history from our 70 long lateral horizontal wells drilled in the core areas of play continue to support a tight curve approaching 11 Bcf equivalent per well, including 500,000 barrels of NGLs. To capture this additional value, we are building a cryogenic liquids extraction plant at Cana. This facility, which remains on schedule for startup in early 2011, has an initial capacity of 200 million cubic feet per day and is expandable to accommodate our future production growth. Moving to the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, we are currently running 18 Devon-operated rigs. We increased our drilling activity during the quarter, and we began working down our inventory of uncompleted wells. At the end of March, we are back to our normal inventory level of approximately 150 wells awaiting completion. We are focusing our Barnett drilling into more liquid-rich areas where it is not uncommon to have wells produce as much as 100 barrels of liquids per million cubic feet. Our net production in the Barnett averaged 1.1 Bcf equivalent per day for the first quarter, up 5% from the fourth quarter of 2009. We continue to expect Devon's Barnett production to reach its previous high mark of 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day during the third quarter. In the Woodford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma's Arkoma Basin, we are running four operated rigs and will continue at that pace for the remainder of 2010. We're achieving solid per well recoveries from our long lateral horizontals. In the first quarter, we brought eight operated well online, with an average IP of 5.5 million cubic feet per day. Devon's net production in the play climbed to a record 88 million cubic feet equivalent per day in the first quarter, up 23% from our fourth quarter average. Shifting to the Haynesville Shale, in the first quarter, we completed three Haynesville wells located in Shelby and Nacogdoches Counties. These three wells have an average 24-hour IPs of about 6 million cubic feet per day. These rates are consistent with our previous results in the area, and further confirm that we have a repeatable economically attractive play under a normalized price environment on our 110,000 net acres in the greater Carthage area. Our activity for the remainder of 2010 will focus on securing and derisking our primary term acreage in the Southern and greater Carthage areas. Moving to the Rockies, in the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, our net production averaged a record 135 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent per day in the first quarter, up 14% year-over-year. We were in two rigs throughout the first quarter and drilled 13 operated wells. Both of these high-efficiency rigs will continue to drill these high-return opportunities in the Washakie area this year. And finally, in the Horn River Basin of Northern British Columbia, Devon has assembled a position of approximately 170,000 net acres in what appears to be some of the best parts in the play. We began drilling the first of seven horizontal wells in early April. We expect to complete four of these horizontal wells in the third quarter, and we'll provide you with those results later this year. The three horizontal-producing wells we do have online continue to perform better than expected during the first quarter. A significant planning effort is underway for a larger program in 2011. At this point, I'm going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vincent White: Thanks, Dave. Operator, we are ready for the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: I had a specific operating question as you think about the Permian and adding rigs on the horizontal side. Can you talk at all about the Avalon Shale in Bone Spring, and then kind of how much acreage you might have in that area?
David Hager: Well, we're not going to go into too much detail on it, David. I can tell you that we are interested in that area. We continue to add acreage as we speak. We do have, overall, several hundred thousand acres in the Delaware Basin. We already have a large acreage position, and we are looking to add to that position as we speak.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And then one other question, now shifting to the Horn River Basin and thinking about any opportunities beyond just gas and hearing some opportunities on the oil and more liquids side. Is there anything on your acreage or any plans to try to test that in the Horn River Basin, or extending that into Alberta kind of chasing the same trend?
John Richels: Yes, there is some potential up there, David. There is a -- specifically, it appears maybe an Exshaw oil play that exists or there's been some people that have talked about -- specifically, I know Quicksilver is talking about potential up there is immediately to the west of the Northern part of our Horn River play. We do plan to evaluate that oil potential with our future drilling program. We don't have a lot of details on it as we speak, but we recognize the potential exists there. We just need to get some more work done it to really evaluate how significant that may be.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: And then, as you think about just the share repurchase program and $1.2 billion of cash on hand, can you walk through kind of how cash flows into the company from asset sales? You talked about asset sales closing in the second quarter. I guess, the Brazilian assets will be one large lump. Can you just kind of walk us through how you'd allocate that cash and how active you could be on the share repo?
John Richels: Sales are going to close throughout the year. So probably the next tranche that'll close is the shelf assets. We don't quite have a good visibility around exactly when the Brazilian and Azerbaijan assets will close, just because there are other approvals that are required. But we are pretty confident that will all going to close in the next little while. As you look at what we're going to due with the funds, I mean, we've talked about the $3.5 billion share repurchase today, because we just think that buying back our stock is a really compelling application of our funds right now. We just don't think our stock is valued where it ought to be, and so that's the right thing for us to do. As Dave has already said, as we move forward, we don't want to pigeon all ourselves, with regard to exactly what we're going to do with the funds because we are looking at some additional leasing opportunities and potentially some additional drilling opportunities in liquids-rich and oil lead plays. And we want to fully develop that through our midyear capital review process, and we'll give you further visibility on that. You've got to remember too, we have a couple of billion dollars of debt coming due in 2011, which we will want to deal with on a kind of an organized basis, as we go forward.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Is it fair to think that $900 million of capital that was allocated to assets that were being sold though, is probably a reasonable range of how much capital you can commit to leasing?
John Richels: Well, it certainly gives us the opportunity, whether it's to leasing or to incremental oil- and liquids-rich opportunities. It gives us the opportunity to reallocate some of the funds that would otherwise have gone to those properties, if we had held them for a longer period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Wondering if you could just comment, in general, on what kind of oil price you need, with respect to the favorable economics, with respect to some of the liquids-rich and oil plays that you're shifting your emphasis toward?
David Hager: Well, certainly, it's the existing oil price, as they generate extremely strong rates of return. And I would suspect -- I don't have an exact number for you, Mark, but probably much closer around a $60, $65 range are still going to generate pretty strong economics. And certainly, where we are now, there are 40%, 50%-type rates of return?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Is that applicable to the Wolfberry, Dave? $60 to $65 generating good returns?
David Hager: Yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Can you talk just a little bit about your plans for drilling in the San Augustine County area the rest of the year?
David Hager: Yes, we have several wells that we're planning to drill down there, because San Augustine County is where we have exclusively term acres down in San Augustine County. We also have term acreage up in Shelby. And so some of the wells we've been drilling in Shelby, and I alluded to, were actually to evaluate the term acreage in Shelby. We have both term and acreage held by production in Shelby. But we are currently -- we have one well that has finished drilling down there, and we're waiting a frac on that. That would be the sublet well, where that frac should start around the end of May or so. We also have a couple of wells that are currently drilling down -- that well, by the way, is a Bossier Shale well that's awaiting frac-ing. We also have two more wells that we're drilling currently down in San Augustine County, one a Bossier Shale well, one a Haynesville Shale well. And we're going to focus the bulk of our activities for the remainder of the year on San Augustine, Sabine and the Southern parts of Shelby County to really get a good handle on what the potential is of our term acreage.
Vincent White: When you say that, Dave, you mean the bulk of our activity in the greater Carthage in the Haynesville play. Yes.
David Hager: Yes, yes. In that play, I mean. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess it's a similar question to Mark's, but this time, on the cash side. Could you just kind of bring us up to date, given the shift that you're seeing in some of the liquids content, particularly in the Barnett? What is that doing to your gas break-even prices? I guess, they can't really breakeven with the key plays. So let's say, Cana, Haynesville, Barnett and maybe Horn River. Could you give us an idea?
Vincent White: Doug, this is Vince. I've looked at this and in the more liquids-rich parts of the Cana and the Barnett, it pushes our full cycle, not breakeven, but the price we need to generate what we consider an acceptable rate of return, which is about a minimum of about 20% after tax. It pushes the realized price below $5 that we need in those plays, more like the $4.50 range. And I might add that we also generate midstream return in the Barnett, on the liquids-rich plays over and above that 20% after-tax rate of return at those price levels. So that gives you a feel for it.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Vince, I guess what I'm trying to go with this is, I mean, obviously, gas prices right now are still a bit under pressure. I mean, you are spending in these areas. So leaving hedging aside, does that mean that these investments you're making right now are below breakeven?
Vincent White: No, not at all. In fact, they're above, based on the current strip, they're above a 20% after-tax rate of return.
David Hager: To give you a little bit further color on that, we've gone back and re-examined all of our capital we'll be spending the remainder of the year. And essentially all of the capital that we're spending for the rest of the year, we're confident that these price levels that we're seeing generate a 20%-plus rate of return, with the lone exception, the one challenge we have, really, is in the Haynesville area. And that's where I was -- we just really need to evaluate the potential, particularly on our term acreage down in San Augustine and Shelby counties. But that's the most challenged part of our portfolio, but we don't fully understand that yet, from a science standpoint. But everything else has generated very strong rates of returns. We just completed that review.
J. Nichols: Let me go back and emphasize one thing -- this is Larry -- is that you got to remember that one of the things that distinguishes Devon in several of these areas that we own and operate, the gas processing plant in the whole Bridgeport area, we have the largest over 40 gas processing plant. We built processing plant for the Arkoma Basin. We're in the process of building one for the Cana-Woodford play. So that allows us an exceptional competitive position there.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: If I can raise my follow-up, Vince. I'm not sure if you can answer this, but I'm going to try anyway. So basically, from what you've told us, you have now sold the rest of the Gulf of Mexico. And I guess, according to John, it sounds like you're not probably going to complete the balance of the sales maybe until after the second quarter. So I guess my point is, when you report second quarter, we're going to find out anyway what the proceeds were. So can you give us an idea what the incremental cash received was, so we can just true up your balance sheet?
Vincent White: Yes. Just to clarify, Doug. We have essentially completed the sale of all deepwater assets. And we've got a contract with Apache. They're committed to moving forward. And we expect to close that transaction in the near future. You are correct that at some point, that data will be right for disclosure, and we will be required to disclose the allocation of value, in terms of what we received for the Gulf assets in the second quarter. But we are under a confidentiality agreement and we are not yet prepared to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wilmoth with Simmons & Company.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: On the Cana-Woodford, how much of your 180,000 net acres would you consider core? And how much acreage is still available in the play to be acquired?
David Hager: Well, we think that as all essentially core acreage. There is a liquids-rich portion within that core acreage, which is where we're really getting the 11 Bcf equivalent per well, and even better economics in the rest of the play. But all of that, we feel, lies within the heart of the Cana play. And that is a significant increase from the numbers we've been talking about previously. That's because we have picked up on the order of about 60,000 additional acres into play, and the play does appear to be moving a little bit off to the West and Northwest to bring those acres into the core.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: So how much of the 180,000 is liquids rich?
David Hager: I can't give you an exact number on that. I'd probably got to get back to you. But I'd say, at least half of that play is liquids rich and probably closer to 2/3.
Scott Wilmoth - Simmons: And then my follow-up is how many rigs do you guys need to maintain throughout 2010? And what do you think that looks like in 2011, in order to hold all that acreage?
David Hager: Well, we currently have nine rigs active in the play, and we feel that's adequate to hold the acreage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: When you think about the new or existing liquids plays in the U.S. that you're now shifting a bit more attention to, what is the materiality in what that could do to your overall production? I think, a little bit more than a quarter of U.S. onshore production is in liquids. Do you have some sense for where that can go over time?
Vincent White: Brian, I'll take a stab at this. We're about a third oil and liquids in our North American onshore assets, which is reflective of our capital budgets allocated in a similar fashion. If you look at dry gas versus oil- and liquids-rich plays, we've got a -- of course, the future will be opportunity driven. We clearly have a strong growth rate out of our oil sands production, going forward. But depending on market conditions, we have a lot of growth potential and dry gas opportunities as well. So I figured, it's very much going to depend on what we choose to do, going forward, and that will reflect our view of future prices.
J. Nichols: And of course, you need to bear in mind, we've been working on the oil side of our portfolio for a long time. It's not a new thing for us, as well as liquids rich. It's why we built these gas processing plants in the areas that we've been playing, so it's -- while there is a shift, it's not nearly as dramatic for us, as it is for some of the other companies. Probably the biggest shift is in the heavy oil up in Canada, and that's only because of our ability to get Kirby. If you look at the long-term potential there of Jackfish 1, 2 and now, 3, as well as Kirby, that's going to add a lot of oil to Devon over a very long period of time.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And now shifting to Cana-Woodford, I believe you've talked in the past about choking back some of the wells and monitoring potential improvements in EUR. Can you just talk about completion technique and what you're seeing, in terms of decline rates?
David Hager: Yes, well, I think the main thing is we did have a couple wells that came on here during this quarter. I mentioned at around 10 million a day. And these are wells -- we are continuing to refine our completion techniques, and so these are ones that we felt we could bring on at the higher rate without risking any reservoir damage here. And no promises, but it looks like things are continuing to improve as we learn more out there. And so it looks like we're continuing to get higher initial rates on these. These wells do have -- amongst the shale plays, I'd say, probably on the lower end of decline, you tend to have first year declines on the order of about 60% to 65%, which obviously, is lower than a lot of the things we're seeing in some of the other plays, such as the Haynesville.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Shouldn't we interpret that to mean that you're comfortable with the existing technique of kind of keeping the wells open, and the risk or lack of it associated with that and that choking things back in Cana-Woodford is not necessarily value additive?
David Hager: Well, not given the completion technique, we're not going into all the details of what we're doing out there. But no, we're comfortable with -- we bring on these wells at higher rate and not risk a formation. That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Mateer with Barclays Capital.
Harry Mateer - Lehman Bothers: Just going back to the question of further debt reduction with the asset sale proceeds. When you look at your 2011 maturities and you have the cash coming in, I mean, are you guys considering paying it down early? Or may we actually see you just sit with the cash on the balance sheet until the maturities come up, and then just pay it down at the time?
Jeffrey Agosta: I think that we would continue -- this is Jeff Agosta, by the way. I think that we would continue to evaluate opportunities if we could do something that was NPV positive, it would be something that we would consider, but otherwise, we would just continue to evaluate other opportunities within our portfolio, and with balancing that with our share buybacks for the use of proceeds.
Harry Mateer - Lehman Bothers: But are you considering at least leaving a portion of the cash on hand to fund those maturities when they come due?
John Richels: We're trying to maintain some flexibility, as we go into the next while. So having some of those funds certainly available for those maturities when they come up is a positive. I mean, when we get around to the middle of next year and see the market conditions, our outlook for oil and gas prices and our view of the industry at the time, and our view of the financial markets at the time, we can make a decision as to whether we want to allocate those funds to that, or whether we're going to roll over those bonds, or -- there's a number of things we can do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allen Chan with Sasco Energy Partners.
Allen Chan: I just had a quick question regarding the Wolfberry play. In regards to that 450 a day you're seeing at our Clara Edwards well, what are the associated gas volumes that you've seen along with the oil?
David Hager: There's very little gas associated with that. It's essentially all oil.
Allen Chan: Is that fairly typical for the play?
David Hager: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Dodge with Tuohy Brothers.
Philip Dodge - Stanford Group Company: Going back to the Cana-Woodford, can you tell us, of the acreage additions in the quarter, how much was Northwest of the core area, particularly Dewey County?
David Hager: The most of the -- we picked up some within and amongst where we already had acreage, but the bulk of the acreage addition was off to the Northwest, and I think what you'd consider between the continental well that has been talked about and our existing acreage position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Monroe Helm with Barrow, Hanley.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: Question for John Richels. Can you be a little bit more specific on what you think the potential -- how good you already have on what the Exshaw potential could be at Horn River, and what the timing it would be for you to try to determine if it's perspective on your acreage?
John Richels: I'm going to turn that over to Dave. He can answer that better than I can.
David Hager: Well, that's something that we're going to be evaluating, really, probably with our 2011 program.
Monroe Helm - CM Energy Partners: And this question is for Larry Nichols. The gas industry continues to kind of draw itself to hold acreage, accreting too much supply. Do you think there's going to be a -- no one seems to be interested in gas properties these days. But can you see an environment where the gas prices stay depressed enough to where you could increase your exposure to natural gas, going down the road in a meaningful way through acquisitions?
J. Nichols: It's not there today. Well, through any source on the acquisitions would be one source, but just picking up acreage that other people are not able to get to would probably be a much more interesting source than some of the players paid awfully high royalties to get what they now have. We've been contrary at some times in the past. And could we envision a time when increasing our exposure to natural gas, for the longer term, might be appropriate? You can certainly envision that. It's not there today, but I can certainly envision that some time in the future. And I'd just emphasize, not so much on acquisitions because of the leases that a lot of companies bought. But if you look at the underlying leases that some of these leases are letting go, that could be an opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid with FBR Capital Markets.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: On your risk resource potential of about $13.6 billion, how sensitive is this to gas price changes? Do we lose some portion of it at $5 gas, $4.50 gas, $4 gas?
Vincent White: Yes, Rehan. It would be a curve, and I don't have the details in front of me. But we certainly lose some of that potential at $4 gas. We're looking at the recoverable potential under our overall acreage position, based on our long-term view of prices, which would be above $4 in the current cost environment. And that's the other component that has to be considered when looking at what's economic.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: In aggregate. So then, below $4 is when you begin to lose some of it?
Vincent White: Oh we certainly lose some there. Right. And of course, liquids prices and oil prices also interplay into that resource potential as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Tameron with Wells Fargo.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Larry, when you think about share repurchase, can you walk us through the decision process? You talked a little bit about where the stock is trading, $10 per Boe. But can you talk about how you weighed that versus perhaps finding something in the market or paying down debt? Can you just give us a little more color?
J. Nichols: Well, of course, we are paying down. As you look at all the choices out there, we are paying down debt. We paid out $1.2 billion in commercial paper, or so, in the first quarter. We are repositioning to, as we said last year, we were forced to starve our North American portfolio for capital. And we're having great fun reinvesting as these proceeds come to us, reinvesting that capital in our North American properties, both oil and the liquid-rich portion of the gas where we see attractiveness. When you look at where our shares trade and the asset portfolio that we have versus other opportunities, one might look at in looking at other companies, it's a very, very simple decision. The return we get by volume Devon shares is dramatically better than anything else we look at. So we'll be buying Devon shares.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So Vince, you mentioned earlier, 20% rate of return is some kind of the hurdle rate on something. So from your internal analysis, it would imply that the share buyback is generating, I guess, well in excess of that?
John Richels: David, it's John. It's very tough. As you know, its very tough to -- we're trying to do everything. We invest all of our funds on a return basis. It's really tough to figure out rate of return on stock, because you have to make a whole bunch of the assumptions going out in some of the stock price when you're buying it back. So there are other measures that we can look at that, and that we do look at, every time we decide to allocate another dollar between E&P programs, or acquisitions, or share repurchases or debt repayment, whatever we can do. And that is what we've been focused on for many years, and continue to focus on, is per debt-adjusted share growth in production reserves, earnings and cash flow. And that can provide a pretty good proxy for you, in terms of whether buying back stock is a better allocation, from a return perspective, than some of our opportunities. And as Larry said, we're absolutely convinced with these levels that buying back our stock is very, very accretive and measures up well in all of those metrics, besides just the F&D metric we've talked about.
David Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Now I think, it's absolutely the right thing to do. I was just trying to get a sense of how you guys are reviewing it and how you're looking at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Dave, what did you pay for the additional Cana acreage, more kind of royalty on it?
David Hager: We're not going to say specifically what we're out there paying for acreage, Mark. But we are very happy with the price we paid, and then we still generate very strong economics.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Royalty in line with what you have on the existing acreage?
David Hager: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon with Pritchard Capital.
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: I was just curious if you could elaborate a little bit on sort of expected returns from your oil sands projects, both Kirby and Jackfish, versus the Permian, as you see them now, I guess. And I know there's a lot of assumptions in there about gas prices, but -- and did the change in the Canadian tax laws affects Canada positively or no?
John Richels: Ray, hi, it's John. Jackfish and our SAGD projects have been tremendous. They've given us tremendous return. And part of that is because Jackfish, and we're pretty convinced Kirby as well, are some of the top-performing SAGD projects in the industry. When you look at some of the things that influence the returns that we see on the heavy oil -- of course, there's WTI, but there's also the heavy/light differential, which has been much narrower than it has historically, and which we believe is going to stay narrow for the foreseeable future. And then this big disconnect between natural gas and oil prices has just made the SAGD projects highly, highly economic. So I don't have the exact measure of how it compares to our Permian oil, but it's right up there, in terms of the kinds of returns that we're seeing. Your question on the changes in the Alberta structure, I think you're probably referring to the royalty structure?
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: Right.
John Richels: We kind of gone around the horn on this thing. But even though the rules are different, we haven't seen all the details of the new regulations that have been put in place. We think that we're pretty close to where we started three years ago, in terms of the overall effect of the royalty regime on our production in Canada. And it's making -- even the conventional production in Canada is looking very, very positive and competes pretty well for capital in the portfolio.
Raymond Deacon - Pritchard Capital Partners, LLC: And I guess if you were to net what you're saying that's new this quarter in Cana Shale, I guess, what would you say the EURs look like at this point? And I guess, sort of are you able to get more of the reserves up front? Is that kind of gist of what you're saying on the IP rates this quarter?
John Richels: Well, I think the thing that we're seeing is, overall, the EURs, average together the entire play, we're seeing about 8 Bcf equivalent and about 11 Bcf in what you might want to call the heart of the play. And as I said, probably 50% to 2/3 of the play has a pretty strong liquids content as well, which enhances the economics. And we're going to be able to, next year, even get greater value out of those liquids when we have our processing plant there as well. We are also, additionally, increasing the initial rate on these wells. And so all of these things are contributing to strong economics throughout the play. The higher IPs, the liquids content that's in the play, and additionally, we're expanding the play. So we don't worry much.
Vincent White: Okay, we've got no more callers in the queue, so we'll end today's call. Thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White – SVP, IR Larry Nichols – Chairman and CEO John Richels – President Dave Hager – EVP, Exploration and Production Darryl Smette – EVP, Marketing and Midstream
Analysts: Doug Leggate – Merrill Lynch David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Mark Gilman – Benchmark Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs Bob Morris – Citigroup Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group John Abbott [ph] – Richard Capital [ph]
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Devon Energy’s fourth quarter and year-end 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. I’m going to start with – start the call with a few preliminary comments, and then turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols. Larry’s going to provide an overview of 2009 and recap our reserves performance for the year. Following Larry’s remarks, our President, John Richels will review 2009 financial results and update our 2010 outlook. And then our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, Dave Hager, will cover fourth quarter operating highlights. We’ll conclude the call in about an hour. So if we don’t get to your questions in the Q&A period, please feel free to follow-up with us later in the day. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage. That’s www.devonenergy.com. In November of 2009, we filed a Form 8-K with detailed guidance for 2010. During the call today, we’re going to update some of that guidance, and those updates will be posted to our Web site under the Estimates link in the Investor Relations area of the Web site. In addition, the 2009 Form 10-K, we expect to file that on February 26th, and it will reflect this updated guidance. Before we get to the business of the call, we’re obligated to remind you that the discussion of our expectations, plans, forecasts, and estimates are all considered forward-looking statements under US Securities Law. And while we always make every effort to give you the very best data possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates. For a discussion of those risk factors, please refer to our Form 8-K filed in November 16th, 2009. One final compliance item, we will make reference today in the call the various non-GAAP performance measures. When we refer to these measures, we’re required to provide certain disclosures under Securities Law. If you would like to review those disclosures, they are also available on the Devon Web site. Finally, I want to remind everyone that in November of 2009, we announced plans to divest all of our international and Gulf of Mexico assets. And as a result of these plans, accounting rules require our financial reporting to be somewhat illogical. The oil and gas production from the international operations that we are divesting are excluded for all periods presented, while the production from the Gulf of Mexico assets we are selling are included in our reported volumes and financials. Similarly, revenues, expenses for the international assets are collapsed into a single line item at the end of the statement of operations, and that line item is titled Discontinued Operations, while the revenues and expenses for the Gulf divestiture assets remain imbedded in our Continuing Operations. In providing increased transparency in today’s press release, you’ll find additional tables that provide a detailed statement of operations as well as production and reserve data and cost incurred figures attributable to the operations classified as discontinued. And again, that’s only the international operations. Our comments today on the financial statements will generally conform to the presentation for continued operations. But when it’s practical, we will provide commentaries specifically targeting the North American onshore operations that represent the go-forward Devon. The accounting treatment of the divestiture properties also muddies the water for Devon’s fourth quarter comparison to consensus estimates. We pulled the cell site analyst that report estimates the first call, and learned that about half the analysts included international operations, while the other half excluded the impact of these operations. The mean estimate for the analyst who included discontinued operations was $1.29 per share. This compares to our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.60 for the fourth quarter. The mean estimate for the analyst who excluded discontinued operations was $1.20 per share. And that figure compares to our adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $1.33 per diluted share. The reconciling items are included in our press release today. In either case, with or without the contribution of our international assets, our fourth quarter results significantly exceeded expectations. With those items out of the way, I’m going to turn the call over to Devon’s CEO, Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. This year, 2010, is a transition for Devon. A very much of a transition year as we divest our onshore international assets, and refocused all of our efforts on Devon’s very powerful North American onshore growth engine. Our philosophy of focusing on optimizing returns and refusing to get caught up in that growth at any cause mentality is reflected in the very solid 2009 results that we reported today. We have achieved solid production growth while significantly reducing operating costs and delivering industry-leading finding and development costs. Including the properties we are divesting, we increased company-wide oil and gas production to a record 682,000 Boe per day. Production from our North American onshore properties also grew to a record 603,000 Boe per day, which is up 6.5% over 2008 production. At the same time, we drove unit operating costs from those North American onshore operations from our continued operations down 14% to just $7.16 per equivalent Bo per barrel. We generated $4.7 billion of cash flow from operations, funding most of our $5.1 billion in capital expenditures. With that capital, we drilled more than 1,100 successful wells, driving proved reserves to the highest level in our company’s history and delivering outstanding reserve replacement results. Our marketing and midstream business delivered yet another year of better than forecasted results reaching $512 million in operating profit. And finally, we maintained a very strong financial position, ending the year with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 29%, and unused credit lines and cash on hand totaling $2.8 billion. In today’s news release, we provided a summary reserve report data for continuing operations in accordance with accounting standards. Although the results from those continuing operations are in press today, what I wanted to talk a little bit about are Devon’s North American onshore properties, which delivered even stronger reserve growth reflecting the strength of Devon’s property base going forward. Drill-bit reserve additions from North American onshore, and by drill-bit I’m referring to discoveries, extensions, and performance revisions, came in 492 million Boe. These drill-bit additions were well over 200% of our 2009 onshore production. With drill-bit capital of $3.2 billion, including capitalized G&A and interest, our organic North American onshore finding and development costs were an industry-leading $6.59 per Boe. It is important to realize that one year F&D costs can be somewhat arbitrary because capital expenditures and reserved bucket are often misaligned. And we’re going to see that in 2008 and 2009. In 2009, we expect North American onshore reserves to add a total of about 320 million Boe to 340 million Boe, with associated drill-bit capital of roughly $4.4 billion. This will give us F&D of a little over $13 per barrel for 2010. This variance comes primarily from the timing of bookings at reserves at Jackfish relative to the capital outlay. If you combine our 2009 results and our 2010 forecast, you’ll come up with an average F&D for those two years of a little over $9 a barrel. And we think this is more indicative of our go-forward expectations. And it’s still a number that will compare very favorably to our peer group. Price revisions, again for North American onshore properties only, gave us a net positive boost in 2009 adding another $176 million barrels. Positive oil price related revisions, mainly coming from our Jackfish properties in Canada, more than offset negative gas price revisions. These results underscore the importance of having a reserve and production base with a balance between natural gas and liquids. In fact, oil and natural gas liquids made up more than 40% of our total North American onshore reserves at the end of 2009. While some of our peers now aspire to achieve this kind of liquid gas balance, Devon’s already there. Looking at all sources F&D, in other words, including both drill-bit additions and net price revisions, we added 669 million Boe onshore in North America, which is more than three times our production, and it’s to the cost of $3.3 billion. As with drill-bit only F&D, our all sources F&D for 2009 is a little less than $5 of Boe, which is also industry-leading. It is notable that Devon achieved these results without taking our proved undeveloped reserves to aggressive levels. While some companies have booked undeveloped reserves – prudent undeveloped reserves approaching 50%, and in fact in some cases even more than 50% of total reserves, Devon’s company-wide proved undeveloped reserves are only 30% of total proved. Likewise, pro forma for the divestitures, in other words, looking at only North American onshore, PUD is only 29% of total reserves. There have been a lot of talk recently about PUD additions as a result of SEC rule changes and the resulting impact on reported F&D cost. As a result, some analysts are computing F&D on a proved developed only basis, or in other words, excluding PUD reserves. Devon’s 2009 F&D on a proved developed basis is roughly $11.50 per Boe, again, very, very strong performance. In summary, for our North American onshore, we added in 2009 $2.6 billion equivalent barrels of proved reserves, which represents 20% growth over year-end 2008 North American reserves. In fact, our year-end 2009 North American onshore reserves are almost 9% more than company-wide proved reserves at the end of 2008 including the assets that we’re divesting. Said another way, if we had sold all of our Gulf and international reserves at the very beginning of 2009, our activity in 2009 would not only have replaced the reserves that we sold and replaced our production for the year, but would also have given us growth for the company by 9%. That demonstrates the strength of our North American onshore portfolio. This result also increases Devon’s reserve life index to 12 years. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to update you on the status of our Gulf and international divestitures. We announced our first step in December with our agreement to sell our interest in three of our prospects at Cascade, St. Malo, and Jack to Maersk. Subsequent to that announcement, partners in Cascade and St. Malo exercised their preferential rights. Maersk recently closed on the purchase of Jack as originally announced. This keeps the aggregate sale price for Devon’s interest in these projects at $1.3 billion or $1.1 billion after tax. Because we prepared our 2010 capital budget on the assumption that we would own the divestiture assets for the full year, the sale of those three assets reduces our 2010 capital budget by some $400 million. We now have data rooms opened for all the international and all the deep-water Gulf of Mexico assets. And we’re in the process of preparing the remaining data room for our remaining Gulf properties. The level of interest is high. And we remain confident in the previously provided range of net after tax proceeds of $4.5 billion to $7.5 billion. We expect to receive the bids for all the assets by mid-year, and to close the sales throughout the year. With that, I’ll turn the call over to John Richels for a financial review and outlook. John?
John Richels: Thank you, Larry, and good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll take you through a brief review of the key events and drivers that shaped our 2009 financial results, and also take you through our outlook for 2010. As Vince mentioned earlier, we have reclassified the assets, liabilities, and results of operations for our international assets into discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. As a result, I’ll focus most of my comments on our reported continuing operations. And just to reiterate, our reported results from continuing operations include both the North American onshore assets that we are keeping and the Gulf of Mexico assets that we plan to divest. Let’s with start production. Total 2009 company-wide production, including international, came in at $249 million equivalent barrels, or some $11 million Boe greater than our beginning of the year forecast. Looking at continuing operations alone, and again, under accounting rules that includes the production from the Gulf properties that we’re divesting, 2009 production was $233 million oil equivalent barrels or approximately 639,000 Boes per day. That’s 10 million barrels higher than our 2008 production from continuing operations, and more than 1 million barrels above the guidance we’ve provided in our most recent update. When you examine just the North American onshore assets as the assets that we will be retaining in the repositioned company, you’ll see that 2009 production increased 36,600 equivalent barrels per day or about 6.5% over the full year 2008. This growth was achieved in spite the voluntarily reducing production in the second half of the year. The primary drivers of our onshore production growth in 2009 include our Jackfish SAGD Project as well as our Barnett, Cana, and Arkoma Woodford Shale plays. Reported production was also supplemented by lower crown royalty rates in Canada. Fourth quarter production from continuing operations came in at 56.1 million equivalent barrels or approximately 609,000 barrels per day. This result was about 22,000 equivalent barrels per day lower than the third quarter of 2009. The decline is almost entirely attributable to the impact of reduced drilling during the year and the voluntary volume reductions that we announced in mid-2009. In 2010, we expect production from continuing operations to range between 231 million and 235 million barrels. It's important to note that this estimate assumes that all of our producing Gulf of Mexico assets are sold on the last day of 2010. Since we actually expect to sell the properties throughout the year, we’ll provide updated guidance as we announce those sales. Looking specifically at our retained asset base that’s the North American onshore region, we’re raising our production guidance to some 221 million equivalent barrels of production or about 2 million Boes more than we have previously forecasted. For the first quarter of 2010, we expect to produce between 55 million and 56 million barrels from continuing operations, including approximately 53 million barrels from our North American onshore portfolio. In response to higher activity levels, we expect to grow North American onshore production in each subsequent quarter of 2010. And beyond 2010, as we said when we’re announcing the repositioning, we expect to continue to deliver significant economic growth without the need to issue incremental debt or equity. Moving to price realizations beginning with oil, in the fourth quarter of 2009, Devon’s oil price realizations came in at the top end of our guidance range at approximately 84% of WTI or $63.84 per barrel. Once again, Canadian realizations were above our expectations due to a favorable supply-demand balance for heavier Canadian crudes. Looking at full-year 2010, we have hedged 79,000 barrels of oil per day, and that’s about two-thirds of our expected oil production from continuing operations. We utilized callers for those hedges with an average floor of about $67 per barrel and a ceiling of about $96 per barrel. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub gas price improved to an average of $4.16 per Mcf during the fourth quarter. In addition to the higher indexed price, differentials for all of our major operating regions narrowed during the fourth quarter. Price realizations were especially strong for our Canadian gas production, averaging nearly 100% of Henry Hub. In total, our company-wide realized price, before the impact of hedges, came in at $3.80 per Mcf or 91% of Henry Hub. That’s a 34% increase in realized price over the last quarter. For the fourth quarter cash settlements from the hedges, increased Devon’s company-wide realizations by $0.65 per Mcf to an all-in price including hedges of $4.45 per Mcf. We have approximately 1.4 Bcf per day of gas hedged throughout 2010 with swaps and callers protecting a weighted average floor of $6.12 per Mcf. In aggregate, our hedged position represents about 53% of our estimated natural gas production for the year. We also have a regional basis hedges on 150 million cubic feet a day of Canadian production and 70 million a day of Rockies gas. The average basis differential we locked in is $0.33 per MMBtu in Canada and $0.37 per MMBtu on the Rockies. Turning to our marketing and midstream operations, driven by higher commodity prices and strong cost control, Devon’s fourth quarter operating profit climbed to $133 million and brought our full year marketing and midstream profit up to $512 million. Looking ahead to 2010, we expect another solid year with an expected full year operating profit of $450 million to $525 million. Before we move into discussions of specific expenses, I just want to point out a change to the presentation of a few expense categories in our income statement. To bring us in line with most of our peers and to provide more clarity into our recurring operating cost trends, we’re now reporting ad valorem taxes for all periods presented on the new line item on the income statement entitled, “Taxes other than Income Taxes”. This new line item also contains production taxes and a few miscellaneous business taxes. Looking at that expense, which is the “Taxes other than Income Taxes” line that totaled $314 million in 2009. That’s a $162 million decrease when compared to 2009 results. This decline is entirely due to lower commodity prices throughout 2009 resulting in decreased production taxes. In the upcoming year, we expect “Taxes other than Income Taxes” to range between 4.5% and 5.5% of total oil, gas, and NGL revenues. Turning to operating expenses, for 2009, our lease operating expenses came in at $1.7 billion or $7.16 per equivalent barrel produced. This represents the unit cost decrease of $1.13 per equivalent barrel or about 14%. The decrease reflects lower energy cost and downward price pressure for oilfield services and supplies. It’s really across the board. Looking forward, we expect 2010 LOE per Boe to be in the range of $7.50 to $8.15 per barrel of production. For our North American onshore assets, we expect 2010 LOE rates to be in the bottom half of that guidance range. Devon’s full year 2009 DD&A expense for oil and gas properties totaled $1.8 billion or $7.86 per barrel. This result was within the guidance range we provided last November. For 2010, we anticipate our depletion rate to be between $7.60 and $8.10 per barrel of production. Moving on to G&A expenditures, our reported G&A expense for 2009 came in at $648 million, which is essentially flat with 2008. Looking ahead, we expect to achieve additional efficiencies in 2010 reducing G&A costs by about $50 million. Our decision to sell our Gulf and international assets required us to recognize $153 million of restructuring expenses in the fourth quarter. Of this amount, $105 million was recorded on the expense line item titled “Restructuring Costs”, while the remaining $48 million of the restructuring expenses are included in the “Discontinued Operations” line. In 2010, we expect to recognize between $50 million and $120 million of additional restructuring charges. Shifting to interest expense, interest expense for 2009 was $349 million, right in line with our expectations. For 2010, we expect interest expense to be roughly flat, somewhere between $325 million and $365 million. The final expense item I want to touch on is income taxes. Devon’s reported income tax expense for the fourth quarter was 36% of pretax income. The most significant item affecting our tax rate during the quarter was the decision to divest our international assets. This event triggered the recognition of $55 million of additional income tax expense during the quarter. When you back out the impact of the non-recurring items, Devon’s adjusted fourth quarter tax rate came in at 29%, with 13% being current and 16% deferred. For 2010, we expect our total income tax rate to be roughly30%, split evenly between current and deferred taxes. In today’s news release we’ve provided a table that reconciles the effects of items that are typically excluded from analysts’ estimates. Moving to the bottom line, fourth quarter earnings from continued operations adjusted for special items came in at $596 million or $1.33 per diluted share. If you include results from our discontinued operations, the total adjusted earnings for the quarter came to $1.60 per diluted share. This result exceeded last quarter’s earnings by 45%, and as Vince pointed already out earlier, far surpassed the street estimates. For the full year 2009, Devon’s cash flow before balance sheet changes totaled $4.7 billion. We utilized this cash flow, along with cash-on-hand in short term borrowings, to fund $4.6 billion of drill-bit capital, and approximately $500 million corporate and midstream expense. We exited 2009 with $2.8 billion of cash on-hand and unused credit facilities. In addition to our strong liquidity, our balance sheet continues to improve and remains one of the strongest in the industry. At December 31st, Devon’s net debt to capitalization ratio decreased to 29%. That’s actually about 21% as calculated under the terms of our bank credit agreement. Looking to 2010, we expect our overall balance sheet strength to improve even further as we begin to receive as we begin to receive proceeds from the asset sales. In order to sustain growth in production, reserves, and cash flow on a debt adjusted share basis, one must optimize results through the entire value chain. That means owning high quality assets at low entry cost, with reasonable royalty burdens while continually striving to drive costs from the system. Our 2009 results reflect the quality of our property portfolio and our focus on controlling costs. At this point, I’m going to turn the call over to Dave Hager for an update on operations. Dave?
Dave Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Our growth in oil and gas reserves and production has already been covered in this call and reflects the outstanding results achieved with our 2009 capital budget. We drilled 1,130 wells onshore in North America, included 1,077 development wells and 53 exploration wells. Essentially, all of the development wells were successful, and all but a couple of exploratory wells were successful. 2009 capital expenditures for exploration and development projects from our North America onshore operations totaled $3 billion, including $840 million in the fourth quarter. To reach the $3.2 billion of drill-bit capital that Larry referred to, you would add capitalized G&A and interests to the EMP total. From only 23 operated rigs running in late August, we gradually ramped up activity over the last four months of 2009, and we exited the year with 64 operated rigs running. We currently have 80 operated rigs running. On the oil side, at our 100% Devon-owned Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, our daily production reached 33,700 barrels per day in late December, a little shy of 35,000 barrels per day facility capacity. The contribution from four new in-fill well pairs that are currently steaming should allow us to hit the 35,000 barrel per day capacity in the near future. Jackfish continues to be one of the best performing SAGD projects in the industry as measured by both production for well and steam oil ratio. Construction of our Jackfish 2 Project is now roughly two-thirds complete, with costs continuing to trend under budget. Jackfish 2 remains on schedule for first oil in 2011. Last quarter, we told you about our decision to move forward with our Jackfish 3 project. During the fourth quarter, we submitted a project summary document, the first step in the regulatory process. We anticipate filing the actual regulatory application in the third quarter of 2010. Pending regulatory approval and formal sanctioning, we could begin site work by late 2011 with plants startup targeted for 2014. Devon has a 100% working interest in each of the three Jackfish projects. In our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta we drilled 75 new wells, which brought our full year total to 239. Lloydminster production average 41,000 barrels equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, up 5% from the third quarter. This activity maintained full year production from Lloydminster equal to that of 2008. In 2010, we plan to spend $82 million running a two-rig program and drill approximately 140 wells in the Lloydminster area to roughly maintain current production levels. Moving to the Permian Basin and our Wolfberry oil play in West Texas, we have more than 140,000 prospective net acres. This play provides repeatable low risk, high return drilling opportunities. We currently have three rigs running, and plan to dill at 80 wells this year. We have significant running room here with more than 1,000 remained risk locations. On the gas side of the business, we began ramping up activity in the Barnett Shale field in North Texas during the fourth quarter. And we’re currently running 16 Devon-operated rigs there. Our net production in the Barnett averaged just over one Bcf equivalent per day for the quarter. With our increased drilling activity and approximately 225 wells awaiting completion at year-end, we expect our Barnett production to gradually begin trending up. As we showed you in our resource update in November, we have no shortage of drilling opportunities in the Barnett. We recently completed our 2,000th horizontal well on the Barnett, and yet we still over 7,000 remaining un-drilled locations on our acreage. In 2010, we plan to invest about $1 billion of capital in the Barnett drilling, drilling 350 operated wells and participating in about 20 non-operated wells. We plan to add one additional operated rig during the first quarter, taking us to a 17-rig program that we expect to maintain for most of the year. We expect Devon’s Barnett to be back up to its previous record production of 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day during the third quarter. From a reserves performance perspective, the Barnett Shale was a leading growth area for the company again in 2009. Extensions, discoveries, and performance revisions in the Barnett accounted for 251 million Boe of additions, of which just 63 million barrels were related to the new SEC rule changes. These drill-bit additions replaced more than three times our Barnett production of 69 million equivalent barrels for the year. Related drill-bit capital was $820 million. At year-end, we had over six trillion cubic feet equivalent booked in the Barnett, with 78% developed and 22% proved undeveloped. Moving to the Woodford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma’s Arkoma basin, we added three rigs in the fourth quarter, and now have a total of five operated rigs running. We brought five new operated wells on line during the quarter. Our net Arkoma-Woodford production averaged just over 70 million cubic feet per day for the fourth quarter. We plan to continue to grow production in the Arkoma-Woodford in 2010, investing $140 million of capital and drilling 51 operated wells. Our activity will focus on drilling 600 foot offset in-fill wells. Our technical evaluation of the Woodford continues to indicate that the optimum well configuration for maximum economic return calls for a lateral length of 4,000 to 5,000 feet. In the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, we recently added about 9,000 net acres to our position, including 4,500 that we purchased through a bankruptcy proceeding. Devon continues to be the largest risk holder in the play, now at 118,000 net acres. We added one rig during the fourth quarter, and are currently running seven operated rigs. We also plan to add two additional rigs in the second quarter. The additional rigs will allow us to further accelerate the process of de-risking and securing our acreage. We continue to see outstanding results from Cana. In the fourth quarter, we brought six wells on line with average 24-hour IP rates of 4.7 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Production history from our 22 long lateral-horizontal wells drilled in the core of the play continued to improve, and now support a tight curve approaching 11 Bcf equivalent per well, including 3 Bcf equivalent of natural gas liquids. At roughly $8 million to drill and complete in light of our low royalty burden and cost of entry, these are some of the most economic shale wells in North America from a full-cycle return perspective. We grew fourth quarter net production from Cana to 45 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, up 200% from the fourth quarter of 2008. We had a drill-bit reserve addition to Cana totaling 55 million Boe, with related drill-bit capital of $235 million. We increased total proved reserves in the play to almost one-half Tcf equivalent at year-end. With some 7 Tcf of risk resource potential, we expect many years of highly economic production and reserve growths from Cana. In 2010, we plan to invest about $300 million of capital and drill 43 operated Cana wells, and exit the year with Devon’s net production at over 100 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Construction will continue on our processing facility, which remains unscheduled for startup in early 2011. Moving to the Haynesville Shale, in the fourth quarter, we drilled our first Haynesville well in the southern acreage in San Agustine County. As we announced in early November, the Kardell 1H well averaged a 24-hour continuous flow rate of 30.7 million cubic feet per day. After the first 90 days, the well has produced almost one Bcf equivalent, and is currently producing a little over three million cubic feet per day. Although the Kardell is experiencing high decline, keep in mind that this is our first well in our southern portion of the play. On our Haynesville acreage in the greater Carthage area, we recently finished drilling operations on three wells in Shelby and Nacadoshous [ph] Counties. These three wells are currently being completed, and we expect to have results for you in the next quarter. This year, we plan to invest about $250 of capital to further de-risk primary term acreage in both the southern and greater Carthage areas. We will run a five-rig program, drilling approximately 24 operated wells with both Haynesville Shale and Bossier Shale targets. We are currently drilling our first two Bossier Shale wells, one on our southern acreage, and the other in the greater Carthage acreage. In addition, we will anticipate a numerous non-operated wells focused primary on our southern acreage where our working interests are much lower as a result of formation of drilling units with multiple partners. Southwest of the Carthage area at Groesbeck, we’ve had a very successful development program over the last few years in the Nan-Su-Gail field. In the fourth quarter, we brought two high – two additional high rate Bossier sand horizontal wells on line at Nan-Su-Gail. The Patent Hill 2H [ph], high (inaudible) at 18 million cubic feet of gas a day, and the IBB6H [ph] high (inaudible) at 12 million a day. Shifting to the Horne River Basin at Northern British Columbia, at a lease sale held this past December, we acquired an additional 17,000 net acres in the play, much of which is adjacent to our existing lease-hold position. This increases our total position in the play to approximately 170,000 net acres. We are running one rig in the Horne River, and plan to drill seven horizontal wells and four vertical strat wells in 2010. We also expect to complete four of those horizontal wells this summer, and expect to provide you with results later this year. And finally, although we intend to sell our Brazil position, I’d like to update you on our most recent success there. In addition to our Wahoo discovery and successful appraisal well on block BMC 30, we also made a significant pre-salt find on block BMC 32 during the fourth quarter. As we announced in mid-December, the initial Itaipu discovery well, located approximately six miles southeast to the giant Jubarte Field, encountered at least 90 feet of net pre-salt pay with no oil water contact. We subsequently sidetracked the well to take a bypass core. This core is confirmed net light oil pay of 145 feet, significantly above the 90 feet we originally reported. Our preliminary mapping suggests Itaipu has up to 1 billion barrels of potential. Devon operates Itaipu with a 40% working interest. Addition appraisal work will provide more clarity, but early indications are very encouraging. At this point I’m going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vince White: Thanks, Dave. Operator, we’re ready for the first question. I will remind everybody that we will ask you to limit your questions to one question and one follow-up per call.
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes after the line of Doug Leggate of Merill Lynch. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate – Merrill Lynch: Well, thanks. Good morning everybody. The question really relates to what you’re going to do post the disposal program. If looking at our numbers, and arguably we’ve got a big oil price assumption for this year, will we see a lot of cash flow and obviously a lot of incoming cash from disposals. Can you just talk a little bit about – looking at your own asset base that are some major basins and some major place where you’re not involved. The Marcellus is probably one at the jump site. How are you thinking about potentially redeploying net cash and consolidation opportunities? That’s the broad first question, and I have a follow-up.
Larry Nichols: Well, this is Larry. As we said in previous calls, the reason for the sale of these assets is that we have reviewed our North American on-trail [ph] portfolio, all aspects of it. We see a lot of opportunities in every single one of those areas where we are, that can consume our cash flow for a long time to come. If you just look the number of unreal locations that we’ve already talked about proved or certainly de-risked under real locations, we have a lot of growth potential in the assets we already have. We’re always looking for new areas within that area to expand, both by leasing or supplemental small acquisitions of acreage. So there’s a lot of opportunity we see, both on the oil side and on the gas side, both on the shale gas in the US and in Canada as well as the heavy oil up in Canada. John, you want to – or Dave, you want to add anything?
John Richels: I have a whole lot of – yes, as Larry said, Doug, I think we have so much opportunity. While we always have to keep looking at new opportunities to supplement what we have, there’s no compelling reason to do that. If we see something that really fits very well, then we always need to look at that. That may mean that we take something else and push it out the backdoor, frankly, if it comes into our portfolio and competes better per capital. But as Larry said several times, we don't see any real holes in our asset base at this time. We have chosen not to move into the Marcellus because we have a lot of other opportunities to go to that specific question. But we know that not only with regard to the plays that we've already identified on our acreage, but we’re going to find a lot more opportunity on this huge asset base the we have that’s mostly held by production as we continue to look through all of horizons in our asset base.
Doug Leggate – Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thanks, John. My follow-up is actually related to the disposal, the assets that you’re planning to dispose of. The capital program, John, you had given us some indication before as to what you’re expected allocation of capital to assets that were for sale would be. Could you update that number and maybe comment on whether or not you’re actually going to be able delay additional capital in places like Brazil given that obviously this things are for sale. Are you going to try to fill some of that and wait until bio-phase takes that over?
John Richels: All right. Just give me those numbers again. When we gave our guidance in November, we said that we’re going to spend about $1.5 billion on the properties that we were disposing. And that was about $600 million more than the revenues that were attributable to those properties at that time using the price deck. As Larry mentioned earlier, we sold the Cascade, St. Malo, and Jack. That accounts for about $400 million. So that’s about $1.1 billion that we’re going to spend on the disposal of properties – on distribution properties in 2010. Now that’s not going to happen. We’ve done that. We’ve assumed, as I said earlier, that we're going to own this properties until the end of the year just – because we had to put a pin on a date somewhere. And that’s the only reasonable thing to assume. But as we go through the year, we will sell those properties, which will defray some of the additional capital costs. We’re not going to slow down our programs, frankly, on the properties that we have. We’ve got programs laid out. And we’re proceeding with them. And we’ll do that notwithstanding the fact that these are going to be sold.
Dave Hager: I might just add, particularly on Brazil, I think the activities we’ve been undertaking have been value adding. When you look, we’ve had a discovery at Wahoo. We’ve successfully appraised that discovery. We’ve had a new discovery recently at the Itaipu well, and we have some very exiting exploration prospects. We’re going to be drilling in block BMC 34 this year. So we think this is a capital that’s well spent and it’s just going to help out with the value of the assets.
Doug Leggate – Merrill Lynch: All right . Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen of Tudor Pickering of Tudor Pickering. Please proceed.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering: Good morning. You all disclosed your risk locations with the Wolfberry, Barnett, and Cana. And one of the things we’ve been trying to segregate is the number of locations that are booked as PUD interest locations. I’m just making sure that we’re not double counting. Can you go through the Wolfberry, the Barnett, and the Cana, and just disclose the number of PUDs that you have – PUD locations you have and then what the risk locations are, and if there’s any other areas that have high PUDs or risk locations that we ought to be thinking about with that as well?
Vince White: Dave, this is Vince. I’ve got some of the answers to the questions you’re asking. In the Barnett, we have – at 12/31/2009, we had 707 PUD locations booked. That compares to the north of 7,000 risk locations in the Barnett. And in the Cana, we had 68 PUD booked, compares to some 3,500 risk locations that we’ve identified in the Cana. In the Wolfberry, we estimate we have 1,100 risk locations. I think we’ve got very few PUD locations booked there, less than 20 is my recollection. I don't have the exact number in front of me. Was there another area you asked about?
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering: No. those are the primary ones. And just to make sure I’m comparing apples and apples of that acreage and locations, are those gross locations or are they net?
Vince White: Those are gross locations. Of course, in the Barnett, we can have very high working interests, and in the Cana and Wolfberry as well. All three of those places are high working interest plays, probably 80% or better.
Dave Hager: And Dave I might just add in the Barnett, for instance, so even though Vince said we have over 700 PUD locations, the PUDs are only 22% of the proved, and we have over 4,300 PDP locations booked there.
Vince White: Yes, we’re only – total proved reserves in the Barnett were only 22% PED at this point.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering: Yes. You didn’t book very many PUDs as a relative ratio to the peers for sure. The other question just – since you hinted on BMC 34 additional exploration, can you just talk about the prospects from the timing, just so we will know what you’re doing there?
Dave Hager: Yes. We have a – in BMC 34, we plan to drill four wells this year. We have just – three of those wells will be post-salt wells, above the salt. And one of the wells will be a pre-salt well. We have just Spud the first of the post-salt wells called Itaipu and is currently drilling. And then we just have one rig down there. We're just going to be drilling those wells back to back. We may add a second rig to make sure that we get all of the wells drilled this year. We may add a second rig for some activity later in the year because we also would have some activity up in BMC 32 because obviously, we have a nice discovery there. But basically, it’s a four-well program throughout 2010.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering: Those are commitment wells for the Bakken.
Vince White: Yes. Those are commitment wells, and we have a deadline facing in some time in January of 2011 to have those wells down. So that’s why we may add a second rig to make sure we get that done.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes – your next question comes – yes, sir?
Larry Nichols: No, go ahead with the next question.
Operator: All right. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of Benchmark. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Hi, guys. Good morning. Dave, I wonder if you could just address – and I’ve got a follow-up question afterwards. What kind of spacing the 2010 program the Barnett’s going to focus on?
Dave Hager: Well, the bulk of our locations are on 40-acre spacing. That’s where the 500-foot spacing, we call them, but they’re essentially 40-acre spacing. That’s where the bulk of them are located. We will have some that we’re doing on a 250-foot spacing or 20-acre spacing.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Okay. And then just shifting to a slightly different gear, I’m curious as to getting a better understanding of the logic in terms of carving out Cascade, Jack, and St. Malo in the divestment program. And I’m wondering in particular, does that imply that you did not receive as what you would consider to be an attractive and satisfactory offer for a much broader swap of the package, if not the entire offshore package in the US?
John Richels: Mark? Mark, it’s, John. That doesn’t imply anything. We had that data room open. And as you'll recall, we had some additional activities on Cascade that we’re continuing well into December. And so we have results coming in. We’ve made those results available to the folks that were in the data room. And so they were looking at that. And we got the bid from Maersk initially. I think it was early in December. So it was just – it just reflected the activity levels and the maturation of the programs on those assets. So we’ll just continue ahead now with the sale of Cascade in conjunction with our (inaudible) Maersk scene and all of the exploration blocks we have in both the (inaudible) and the Maersk scene.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Okay, John. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
John Richels: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: I’m fully recognizing that I may have asked a similar the questioning on the previous calls. Can you talk more on the type curve and decline rates in the Cana-Woodford. Last quarter, I think, your wells had IPs of about 6.5 million a day, and you’ve got it to EURs of around 10 Bcfs. It seems like the wells drilled in the fourth quarter had slightly lowered at least initial IP rates. Do you feel more comfortable with the slightly higher EUR. What’s changing in the pressure tube, decline rate, and the new or existing wells that’s giving you more confidence in the EUR improvement? And if I could follow-up after that, thanks.
Dave Hager: Yes. It may not have been real clear for my prepared comments there. But we’re really talking about two different areas within Cana. The wells that we drilled in the most recent quarter were outside the core area. And so that’s one reason they – the IPs were a little bit less. The other reason is, frankly, that we tend to choke these wells back pretty good. We find that that leads to better EUR overall by not bringing those out-wells on at a high rate. So a combination of those two things, the fact that they were not located in the core, plus the fact we choke them back a little bit, why those IPs are a little bit less, the 11 Bcf equivalent per day that we’re talking about, per well – 11 Bcf per well as it relates specifically to the core area of Cana. Overall in Cana, we’re saying 8 Bcf equivalent per well for all of Cana.
John Richels: That’s the type curve brand that we presented in our November update. It’s the 8 Bcf type curve that we said was representative of our overall acreage position as opposed to the high liquid square area.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs:
 :
Dave Hager: The one thing, the comment there, I guess you’d say, we were not obviously going through any sort maximum IP rate for any reason. We were just – the well itself appeared to be capable with very little drawdown of a very high rate. What we're seeing obviously is the Haynesville down there is thinner. And so, although it had a very high initial rate that the overall EUR may not be as substantial as you might think from the initial rates. So it's not – I don't think it's clear at all that bringing the well on at a higher rate had anything to do with the ultimate EUR. It's just fact that the Haynesville is thinner down there. Now, we are currently drilling two Bossier shale wells down there. The Bossier shale is thicker in this area. And obviously, you know there have been some very nice Bossier shale wells announced here recently. And so we're still optimistic for the overall area. So it's just – I think it's more of a product of the geology, really, rather than a strategy about how strong we bring those wells on.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Morris with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Bob Morris – Citigroup: Good morning. My first question's on the Barnett. You mentioned that the uncompleted well inventory at year-end was 225, but at the end of the last quarter was 159, and the total number of wells you're going to drill for the year was 210. So it appeared you didn't complete any other wells that you drilled in the period in the Barnett. So first question is, is that true? And if not, then why was the uncompleted well inventory at 50% over what it was in the last quarter?
Dave Hager: Now that's essentially true. As we announced previously, we were curtailing our production in the last part of 2009. And so we've completed very few of our Barnett wells. And then we have now started completing those wells. And we're drawing down the completion inventory as we speak.
Bob Morris – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. Second question was on the Haynesville, on the well that (inaudible) 30 million a day. And just overall on the Haynesville, what do you expect the EURs there to be now?
Dave Hager: Well, we're still learning on this southern area to be quite frank. So we've just drilled one well down there. We're going to have some additional wells that we're going to drill down there, as I mentioned, targeting the Bossier. So I think we'll know a lot more after a few wells and we – than we would know right now in the southern part of the play. Now in the greater Carthage area, I think some very positive story that we're very confident in this greater Carthage area up in Panola and Shelby counties. So we'll be – have EURs on the order of 6 Bcf equivalent per well. And when you couple that with your uncompleted costs, around $8 million, we think that play is very economic. And we have a net resource potential up there of about 4 Bcf. And so we're very encouraged with about 1,000 locations up there. So we're very encouraged by the greater Carthage area up in Panola and Shelby counties. But we have a lot to learn yet, I think, as we go to the south. And so, we need to drill some more wells to see if that's where – how well that's going to work.
Bob Morris – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen of Buckingham Research Group. Please proceed.
Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: Can you update us on your plans for the South China Sea, the exploratory well in light of the three great discoveries that Husky had? Do you have an obligation to drill there before it's sold?
Dave Hager: Yes. We do have an obligation. That is part of the divestment program overall that we're doing with international. And we have been working on that divestment program. We don't have any announcement at this point. But obviously, there are – we have to well commitments essentially for this year. And we're working through that as part of the divestment process.
Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: Do you have a rig in line to go drill them? Have you lined that up yet? I mean what's your thinking in terms of you building as opposed to someone just selling it to?
Dave Hager: Well, we have identified a rig that could potentially drill those wells. It depends a little bit on the purchase here and their plans. It can go into additional phase also and if they choose to do so. And so, we're talking through all those options with the potential purchasers of the assets.
Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: Swinging back to the Barnett, I mean is there an easier solution as opposed to drilling more wells to resurrect production a little bit deeper with a series of maybe gas compression additions on your end? Or you've done that once before, I think pretty successfully where you picked up the horsepower to get more outlet? Is that cheaper? Will you do that?
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl Smette. Yes. You're right, Bob. We have, in the past, certain areas lowered compression increased deliverability out there, and that has been successful. Some places have been more successful than others. But in all of our places that's been successful. We continue to do some, I'd call it, pilot projects on some of these areas to see whether the costs will support increased productions. But we will continue to look at that as we continue to drill wells out there. And so that could be an option in the future. We'll continue to lower line pressure, both on our existing wells, but on some of the new wells, we're bringing on stream also.
Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: On that (inaudible) question in the refract opportunities out there, I mean that was a big part of the Devon story a while back. Is that still – we should–
Vince White: Bob, I'm going to have to – a couple of follow-ups. We're going to have to move to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Abbott [ph] of Richard Capital [ph]. Please proceed.
John Abbott – Richard Capital: Yes. Hi. I was just curious on the follow-up to Brian's question. Did you mention on the Cana where well costs are and how many fracs you've – you're using per well at this point.
Dave Hager: Yes. The overall Cana well costs are on the order of about $8 million or so. Number of fracs, I don't think I have that data handy right here. If we go to another, maybe I'll come back and get it to you real quick. I don't have exactly how many fracs I have.
John Abbott – Richard Capital: And I guess if you looked at it on a relative basis, do you think that the Cana has the possibility to be as incremental from a rate or return or NTV [ph] standpoint? As for Barnett, do you think that Barnett's going to be better?
Dave Hager: We think that Cana is as strong, if not better than the Barnett from a rate of return. It's very strong, particularly in the area that has a high liquids content.
John Abbott – Richard Capital: Got it. Great.
Dave Hager: I just found that we're doing about nine frac stages here per well, so to answer your question.
John Abbott – Richard Capital: Superb. Thanks very much.
Dave Hager: Thank you.
Vince White: That ends the Q&A session. Do we have any closing remarks?
Larry Nichols: Yes. As we've discussed, 2010 is going to be something of a transition year with some confusing numbers with continuing or none – discontinued operations. But when you look through that, our 2009 results confirm that we have one of the best asset portfolios in North America onshore. And we expect to emerge from our repositioning in 2010 we have a very deep inventory of low risk growth opportunities and outstanding balance between natural gas and oil, one of the lowest overall cost structures in the industry, and extensive midstream business that allows us to capture additional capital, and one of the strongest balance sheets in our peer group. With that, we believe that this positions Devon to deliver per share growth that is second to none, without the need for external financing for a long time to come. Thank you very much for the call.
Vince White: That ends today's call.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - SVP of IR Larry Nichols - Chairman and CEO John Richels - President Dave Hager - EVP of Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Joseph Allman - JPMorgan Bob Maurice - Citigroup Joe Magner - Macquarie Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy’s Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Vince White: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Devon’s third quarter earnings call. As usual, I will begin with some housekeeping items and then turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols, for his overview. Following Larry’s remarks, our President, John Richels will provide a financial review. Finally, after John’s comment, Dave Hager, Executive VP of Exploration and Production, will provide an operations update. We’ll follow that with a Q&A. We generally try to hold the call to about an hour or so. If we don’t get to your question, we’ll be in later today, give us a call. As always, we ask the Q&A participants to limit their questions to one question and one follow-up. A replay of this call will be available through a link on our homepage later today. During the call we’re going to provide updates of some of our 2009 forecasts based on actual results for the first nine months of the year and our expectations for fourth quarter. However, we will not be issuing a revised 8-K today. That’s because most of the estimates remain within the updated ranges that we provided in the Form 8-K that we filed on August 5, 2009. That 8-K is posted to the Estimates page of the Investor Relations section of devonenergy.com and the refinements that we provide to those estimates today will also be posted to the Estimates page of our website. Please note that our references in today’s call to our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are all forward-looking statements as described under US securities law. While we always strive to give you the very best information possible, there are many factors beyond our control that could cause our actual results to differ from the estimates we provide. Therefore, we urge you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties provided in the August Form 8-K. One final compliance item. We will refer today to various non-GAAP performance measures. When we make reference to such measures, we’re required to make certain disclosures under US securities law. Those disclosures are available on the Devon Energy website at devonenergy.com. Before I turn the call over to Larry, I want to give you a quick update on our Lower Tertiary sell-down. This process has attracted a very broad interest and we’ve had a strong showing in the data room. We’ve said all along that we will not ask for bids until the Kaskida delineation well results are in and we are confident that we will complete those operations on Kaskida this month. That scheduled would put us with bids due by the end of December. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Devon’s Board Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: The third quarter was another outstanding one for Devon. We continued the trend that we’ve had for several quarters now, quite a few of exceeding expectations for oil and gas production, while at the same time, driving cost lower. Third quarter production for oil, gas and NGLs totaled 61.9 million barrels, exceeding our guidance by about 900,000 Boe. This represents a 6% increase over third quarter of 2008, and this is in spite of voluntary curtailments that we had during the third quarter of about 1 million equivalent barrels. We drove LOE per equivalent barrel down by 19% from a year ago quarter-to-quarter, fueled by higher than expected production, improving costs and strong oil prices. We generated net earnings of $499 million for the third quarter. After excluding those items that we and analysts generally do not forecast, we earned $491 million or $1.10 per share, far exceeding the First Call mean estimate of $0.90 per share. We had cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion for the quarter, which more than funded our total capital expenditures for the period and generated free cash of $168 million. We exited September with cash and equivalent credit lines of $2.8 billion and a healthy net debt to cap ratio of just under 31%. While natural gas prices declined from the second quarter this year, prices for oil and natural gas liquid strengthened, which drive our sequential increases in third quarter sales and earnings. Oil and gas liquids accounted for 60% of Devon’s oil and gas revenues in the third quarter, which underscores again the importance of Devon’s balance portfolio and the balance between oil and gas that we talked about so much in the past really paid off this quarter. While natural gas prices are still weak today, as we look ahead, we do see improving economics in the North American natural gas business. Costs have come down considerably from the peaks of last year. Based on our own internal forecast as well as the future strip, our key development gas projects all deliver attractive rates of return that are well above our cost to capital. With the improving outlook for natural gas prices with the impact of the sell-down of our Lower Tertiary and with lower overall industry cost structure, this should allow us to step up activity next year. With superior acreage positions in many of the best shale plays, we have no shortage of opportunities. We are currently adding drilling rigs in our major shale development plays and will continue to do so in 2010. The step up in activity for the remainder of the year will move us outside the range of our previous 2009 E&P capital guidance. For 2010, we are currently working through the budgeting process and expect to finalize the 2010 budget by yearend. Based on our better than expected third quarter production and the impact of higher activity levels in the fourth quarter, we are increasing our full year 2009 production forecast by 3 million barrels to a range of 247 million to 249 million Boe. The midpoint of that range, which is 248 million equivalent barrels, represents a 4% increase of 2009 over full year 2008 production. In the separate areas, to add more productability to 2010 price realizations and to ensure sufficient cash flow to support the increased level of activity, we have already hedged a significant portion of our oil and gas production for the year. We have entered into swap contracts for the full year 2010, covering about 1.1 Bcf of gas per day at a weighted average NYMEX price of $6.18 per MMBtu. We have also protected the price of about 68,000 barrels per day of our 2010 oil production with costless collars. The weighted average of the floor for the oil collars is $67.05 per barrel with a weighted average ceiling of $96.07 per barrel. To put this in perspective, the 2010 oil and gas hedges cover volumes equal to about 37% of our current production. In recent months, we have also added hedge positions for the fourth quarter of 2009. We now have about 1.1 Bcf per day protected at a weighted average gas price of $5.65 per Mcf. This represents about 45% of our estimated fourth quarter natural gas production. So we enter the final months of 2009 with an improving outlook for our core North American business and with an eye to a much more active 2010. With that, I’ll turn the call over to John Richels for the financial review and further outlook.
John Richels: I’ll begin by looking at some of the key drivers that shaped our third quarter financial results and review how these factors impact our outlook for the fourth quarter. Let’s begin with production. In the third quarter, Devon’s production totaled 61.9 million equivalent barrels or approximately 673,000 barrels per day. As Larry said, this exceeded our guidance by approximately 900,000 barrels. The lack of hurricane downtime in the Gulf of Mexico and lower royalty rates on Canadian natural gas production drove most of that outperformance. When compared to the third quarter of 2008, Devon’s companywide production increased by 36,000 barrels per day or 6%. The US onshore segment continued to deliver growth in spite of voluntarily reducing production by approximately 1 million equivalent barrels during the quarter. Led by growth from our Arkoma-Woodford and Cana shale plays, US onshore production grew by 12,000 barrels per day or 3% over the third quarter of 2008. In Canada, third quarter volumes climbed by more than 6% year-over-year. Growing production from our Jackfish SAGD oil project and lower crown royalty rates on Canadian gas production were the primary growth drivers. Production from our international properties increased by 36% or 11,000 barrels per day over last year’s third quarter. Greater production from our Polvo field in Brazil and higher output from the ACG field in Azerbaijan accounted for the increase. As Larry mentioned earlier, based on our strong year-to-date results and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we’re once again increasing our 2009 production outlook. We now expect full year production to be between 247 million and 249 million barrels. This revised forecast implies a fourth quarter production range of 58 million to 60 million barrels, which is up about 2 million barrels from our previous guidance for Q4. You’ll recall that last quarter we mentioned that we were deferring well completions and reducing incremental compression, resulting in a voluntary reduction in fourth quarter production of about 12 Bcfe or about 2 million equivalent barrels. So, the 58 million to 60 million barrel fourth quarter production forecast is in spite of that reduction. Moving on to price realizations, starting with oil, in the third quarter, the WTI benchmark price averaged $68.25 per barrel. That’s about 14% improvement over the last quarter. In addition to the higher index prices, oil differentials improved for most of our geographic regions. The most notable regional outperformance occurred in Canada. For the second quarter in a row, heavy oil differentials were tight, resulting in a third quarter realized oil price in Canada of about 81% of WTI. Companywide, our realized oil price in the third quarter averaged $61.12 or 90% of the WTI index, about $9 per barrel higher than last quarter. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect differentials to widen somewhat in Canada as we move beyond the summer high demand months. As a result, we anticipate fourth quarter realized prices in Canada to come in around 65% of WTI. Companywide, we expect fourth quarter oil price realizations to average about 80% of WTI. On the natural gas side, the third quarter Henry Hub Index averaged $3.39 per Mcf. Our companywide gas price realizations before the impact of hedges came in at 84% of Henry Hub or $2.84 per Mcf. In the third quarter, we had hedges totaling 347 MMBtu a day with the weighted average floor of $7.25. Cash settlements from that hedging position increased our companywide realizations by $0.53 per Mcf to an all-in price including hedges of $3.37 per MCF. Turning now to marketing and midstream, our third quarter marketing and midstream operating profit came right in line with our expectations at $100 million, and for the fourth quarter, we expect a similar level of marketing and midstream profit. Before we move to expenses, please note the $96 million of other income reported in Q3. Most of this amount, approximately 84 million, is attributable to a favorable legal decision associated with deepwater royalties. With the final ruling having been received, we have now reversed the contingent liability that we had previously recorded. Moving now to expenses, our third quarter lease operating expenses totaled $505 million. This result marks the fourth consecutive quarter that Devon’s lease operating expenses have declined. On a per unit basis, our third quarter LOE came in at $8.16 per barrel. That’s about $2 a barrel lower than the year ago quarter. The reduction in LOE reflects declines in virtually every expense category across all of Devon’s major producing regions. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to achieve cost savings on oilfield services and supplies. For the fourth quarter, we’re now forecasting LOE to decline to a range of $485 million to $500 million. Our third quarter DD&A expense for oil and gas properties came in at $480 million or $7.75 per barrel. That’s near the bottom of the guidance range provided during our conference call last quarter. For the fourth quarter, we’re forecasting our DD&A rate to be between $7.50 and $8 per barrel of production. Shifting to G&A expense, Devon’s third quarter G&A expenditures totaled $137 million. That’s about $9 million decrease in G&A costs when compared to the third quarter of 2008. This decline in G&A is due to a companywide focus on reducing costs. Looking ahead, the fourth quarter of 2009 will include approximately $20 million of non-cash expense due to the issuance of annual equity compensation. When you include this non-cash expense, we expect fourth quarter G&A expenditures to increase to a range of $150 million to $170 million. The final expense item I want to touch on is income taxes. For the third quarter, we reported income tax expense of $93 million or 16% of pre-tax income. However, this number has some unusual items that require explanation. First, we received a $59 million benefit in the third quarter due to income tax accrual adjustments that were recorded in conjunction with the filing of current and amended prior year returns. Additionally, we recognized about $22 million of current tax benefits associated with international exploration and $40 million of deferred tax benefits due to the fair value changes of derivatives. When you back out the impact of these items, our adjusted tax rate for the quarter would have been just over 30% or right in line with our guidance. In today’s earnings release, we’ve provided a table that reconciles the income tax effects of items that are typically excluded from analysts’ estimates. Cutting all the way to the bottom-line, adjusting for items that most analysts don’t include reduces reported earnings slightly to $491 million or $1.10 per diluted share. While well below earnings in the year ago quarter due of course to much lower gas prices, it marks a 29% increase in adjusted earnings per share on a sequential quarterly basis. As Larry mentioned earlier, these results exceeded the First Call consensus by about $0.20 per share. Now, before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to conclude with a quick review of our financial position. We generated free cash flow of $168 million in Q3. As a result, we ended the quarter with $905 million of cash on hand and $1.9 billion of unused credit facilities. The reduction in net debt during the quarter combined with the net earnings brought our net debt to capitalization ratio down to 31%. That’s about 21% as we calculated under the terms of our bank credit agreements. So, we continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet with plenty of available resources giving us significant financial flexibility. At this point, I’m going to turn the call over to Dave for an update on operations.
Dave Hager: Our oil and gas properties continue to perform very well during the third quarter. Despite much lower activity levels, we delivered some very positive results. We invested $832 million of exploration and development capital in the third quarter and ended September with 30 Devon operated rigs running. Total exploration and development capital for the first nine months was just under $3 billion. During the third quarter, we drilled 233 wells, including 225 development wells and 8 exploration wells. All but three of the development wells were successful and three of the exploratory wells were successful. In the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, we moved one rig to the Cana field in the third quarter (inaudible) in the quarter was seven Devon operated rigs in the Barnett. Devon’s net production in the Barnett averaged 1.1 Bcf equivalents per day for the quarter, 7% below the second quarter of this year. This decrease is consistent with our reduced activity in the field and the decision to both reduce incremental compression and push completions back to late in the year. As we reported in August, we expect to exit the year producing about 1 Bcf equivalent per day from the Barnett net to Devon. By the end of 2009, we expect to have drilled a total of about 210 operated Barnett wells for the year. At September 30, we had 159 Barnett wells awaiting completion. In addition, we plan to drill 48 wells in the fourth quarter. By picking up completion activity late in the fourth quarter, we now expect to work that inventory down to approximately 150 wells awaiting completion by yearend. As Larry mentioned earlier, we are ramping activity up going into 2010 on most of our major gas plays. We expect to have 16 operated rigs running in the Barnett as we enter 2010. In addition to the rig we moved from the Barnett to the Cana, we also recently moved one of our rigs from the Woodford Shale in the Arkoma Basin to the Cana play. We have continued with a two operated rig program in the Arkoma-Woodford and brought 13 additional wells online in the third quarter. Our net Arkoma-Woodford production averaged 74 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day for the third quarter, a 55% increase over the third quarter of 2008. Between now and yearend, we will add three additional operated rigs as we prepare for increased activity in 2010. Moving to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, we increased our operated rig count to six during the third quarter following the relocation of the rigs from the Barnett and Arkoma-Woodford that I mentioned. The additional rigs in the Cana enable us to accelerate the process of de-risking and securing the 109,000 net acres we have in the play area. We continue to see outstanding results from Cana and believe that core Cana to be one of the most economic shale plays in North America. In the third quarter, we brought eight wells online with average 24-hour IP rates of 6.5 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Production history from our 26 long lateral horizontal wells drilled in the core area of the play now support a tight curve approaching 10 Bcf equivalent per well, including 2 Bcf equivalent of NGLs. Third quarter net production from Cana averaged 53 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, more than seven times that of the third quarter of 2008 and up 55% on a sequential quarter basis. We plan to add an additional rig in Cana by yearend Shifting to the Haynesville Shale in East Texas, I’ll remind you that Devon has about 570,000 net acres in the greater Haynesville trend, equally divided between Texas and Louisiana. More than a year ago, we began evaluating our position around Carthage where we have 110,000 prospective net acres and over 1,800 conventional producing wells. We continue our Haynesville de-risking efforts in the area during the third quarter and brought our eighth well online. The Jernigan A 4H Panola County achieved a 24-hour IP rate of 8 million cubic feet per day. With numerous cores, 3D seismic, geologic mapping and correlation with our wells drilled to-date, we have now identified about 1,000 risked Haynesville drilling locations and 4 Tcf of net risk resource potential to Devon in the Greater Carthage area. We expect EURs in this part of the play to average roughly 6 Bcf equivalent per well. After drilling our eighth well in the Greater Carthage area, we shifted our focus to de-risking our 47,000 net acre position south of Carthage. This is primary term acreage located mostly in San Augustine and Sabine counties in Texas and Sabine Parish in Louisiana. Our first Haynesville horizontal test in the area was drilled in San Augustine County and had some impressive results. The Kardell 1H achieved an average continuous 24-hour flow rate of 30.7 million cubic feet per day. We believe that this is the highest IP rate of any Haynesville Shale well ever drilled. The well was drilled to a vertical depth of 13,850 feet with a horizontal section of 4,500 feet. Devon operates the well with a 48% working interest. Although the Kardell well is our first in the area, it is a strong indicator of the potential of our Southern Haynesville acreage. In the fourth quarter, we will ramp-up drilling activity in the Haynesville to a five-rig program for most of 2010. This additional activity combined with our non-operated drilling activity will enable us to begin securing our term acreage in the southern portion of the play. We estimate that about 105 wells will need to be drilled over the next two years for us to adequately secure the acreage we are de-risking in the southern portion of the Haynesville. Having drilled fewer than 10 Haynesville wells to-date, we still have considerable work to do. We will continue to systematically de-risk our position just as we have done in the Barnett Shale and are currently doing in the Cana-Woodford. Moving to the Permian Basin, it’s worth noting that while our production mix is weighted in natural gas, we also have a deep portfolio of growth opportunities on the oil side. Our Wolfberry oil play in West Texas where Devon has more than 98,000 net acres is one example. The Wolfberry is a repeatable play that generates outstanding rates of return with low geologic risk. With the current value proposition for oil versus gas, Wolfberry wells can have a positive impact on cash flow. We currently have two rigs running and plan to add a third rig later this month. This will allow us to bring our 2009 drilling program up to 45 wells. We have significant running room in the Wolfberry with as many as 2,500 locations on an unrisked basis or an estimated 1,100 risked locations. Now shifting to the Gulf of Mexico, we continue appraisal and development work on our deepwater discoveries in the Lower Tertiary trend in the third quarter. Our 50% on Cascade development project is progressing well. We are preparing to move the West Sirius rig to Cascade this month to begin completion operations of the first of two producing wells. This well was drilled earlier in the year and encountered 500 feet of net pay. Construction of the FPSO is approximately 95% complete and it should arrive in the Gulf of Mexico in January. The project remains on schedule for first production in mid 2010. At Kaskida we are drilling an appraisal well 5 miles west to the original discovery. This appraisal well would test a second structural feature on the Kaskida prospect and has the potential to increase the size of the resource that we believe is already the largest of Devon’s four Lower Tertiary discoveries. We said in our quarterly conference call in August that we expect to finish operations on the well in September. While drilling in the Wilcox section, we encountered an encouraging oil column and are now evaluating options to sidetrack the wellbore for further delineation information. Devon has a 30% working interest in Kaskida and BP owns 70%. Moving now to Canada, at our 100% Devon-owned Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, we completed two weeks of scheduled downtime for plant maintenance in the third quarter. Since then, we have been steadily ramping Jackfish production back up, sustaining a daily rate of 31,000 barrels per day. We remain on track to reach the facility capacity of 35,000 barrels per day before yearend. We continue to see outstanding well and reservoir performance at Jackfish. Our steam to oil ratios have improved to 2.4 and the cumulative ratio is below 3. This top tier performance validates our frontend geologic work done to identify and delineate the high quality Jackfish reservoir. Based on the performance of Jackfish, we are excited about Jackfish 2 project. Jackfish 2 construction is advancing on schedule and is now over 50% complete. In July, we began drilling the initial well pairs. Like our Jackfish project, Jackfish 2 is expected to produce 35,000 barrels per day and to recover 300 million barrels. Jackfish 2 remains on schedule first oil in late 2011. Over the last couple of years, we have been in the process of evaluating the potential for a third phase of Jackfish development. This involves drilling a number of stratigraphic core wells, analyzing the cores and performing a detailed geologic study to determine the location and quality of the reservoir. We have now completed this evaluation process and will seek approval from the regulatory authorities and our Board of Directors for Jackfish 3. This is a look-alike project to Jackfish 1 and 2 with 300 million barrels recoverable and production capacity of 35,000 barrels per day. Pending regulatory approval and formal sanctioning, we would begin site work by late 2011 with plant start-up targeted for 2014. Devon has 100% working interest in each of the three Jackfish projects. Shifting to the Horn River Basin in British Columbia, Devon has 153,000 net acres under lease. During the third quarter, we completed and tied-in three horizontal wells from our 2008, 2009 winter drilling program. Initial production rates from these wells are averaging about 900,000 cubic feet of gas per day for each frac stage. This is consistent with the better wells drilled to-date in the Horn River play. Production history is limited, but early indications suggest first year decline rates could be as low as 50%. With only three producing wells in the play, it is still in early stages, but we are very encouraged with these result. Going forward, we will continue to fine-tune our completion techniques in order to achieve the best economics at Horn River. Over time, we expect to achieve drilling and completion costs of about $8 million per well with average recoveries between 7 and 8 Bcf per well. We will continue to de-risk and secure our acreage with eight horizontal wells planned for 2010. Finally, in Brazil, in the third quarter we wrapped up exploratory drilling on the Petrobras operated (inaudible) prospect located in the Block BM-BAR-1 in the Barreirinhas Basin. That well was unsuccessful and has been plugged and abandoned. The rig is now on location and just spud are pre-salt in Itaipu prospect located on Block BM-C-32 in the Campos Basin. This prospect is 16 miles north of our Wahoo discovery and adjacent to Petrobras Jubarte and a pre-salt well park discoveries. Devon will operate the well with a 40% interest. We are also currently drilling an appraisal well to the Wahoo discovery on Block BM-C-30. Wahoo is operated by Anadarko and Devon has a 25% interest. So, in summary, the quarter brought very encouraging results from all of our major shale plays and exciting news about the outlook for a third Jackfish project. We are now in the process of ramping up activity for a more robust drilling program in 2010. At this point, I’m going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vince White: Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
Unidentified Analyst: Obviously, your debt to cap has come down significantly. It sounded from your commentary as if you are considering or looking at acquisitions. Did I get that impression correctly or is that incorrect?
Larry Nichols: I have no idea how you got the notion we were looking at acquisitions. The debt is coming down because the cash is building up with our oil revenues coming in. There is no change on our attitude toward acquisitions that we’ve had over the last five or six years. It’s difficult to see any change certainly in a major transaction. We continue to look for small add-ons here and there that are consistent with our leasing position. If you look at the acreage portfolio that we have around the company, we are awash in opportunities and don’t see any holes that we need to fill with any acquisitions, which is what we said for a long time.
Unidentified Analyst: On the cost deflation side, obviously there’s been a huge amount of cost deflation in the industry from service costs, drilling costs, particularly fracking costs. Now that the service industries earnings that are operating margin, doesn’t appear – so we ought to take those any lower, where do you see the real opportunity to continue to drive down costs?
Dave Hager: I think the major opportunities we have, I think we’re very effective when we have repeatable play types like we have in the shale plays that we can continue to drive down the drilling cost by just continued improvement opportunities, and we certainly done an outstanding job of that in the Barnett, decreasing the drilling time from 30 days to 15 days, in some cases even less than 10 days on these wells.  We’re continuing that type activity also in the other shale plays, the Haynesville, the Cana, the Woodford where we haven’t drilled as many wells, we’re continuing to drive down those costs and use the experience we had in the Barnett and import that to the other shale plays. So I see that’s probably the biggest opportunity we have.
John Richels: I just add one point as well, if you recall that in 2009 we were essentially drilling with committed rigs that were not at the spot price, and we also had -- we talked earlier about the fact that we had acquired and contracted for a lot of tubulars at the end of 2008, when tubulars were in short supply. With our reduced program this year, we are still working that off. So we ought to see a reduction in cost going forward just on that basis as well in addition to what Dave has said.
Unidentified Analyst: Just to clarify, can you confirm, what percentage of your capital costs on a well are actually day rate drilling costs on say Haynesville well?
Larry Nichols: He asked for a percentage.
Dave Hager: A percentage.
Larry Nichols: A percentage of the total, oh.
John Richels: I think it’s about 20%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. John Richels, I guess the hedging policy, are we going to see this get a little more aggressive as we move forward into 2010, because I guess you still only have only about 30 your total production hedged. Just kind of outline how you’re thinking about that right now?
John Richels: Doug we talked before in the past we tended to take the view that there are lot of ways to manage risk, and we managed that risk by keeping very strong balance sheet and remaining a low-cost operator. However, as we get into more plays that have a lot of momentum that you can’t turn on and off regularly or easily, having a little larger hedge position is a good thing.  I think you see we’re already a little more active than we have been in the past. So as we go forward, we’re going to monitor our view of prices, our view of capital costs and our view of the industry direction carefully and make that call, but I think you could see us do it in on a bit more regular basis.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Maybe I’m reading too much into it John, but you covered about a Bcf a day for next year, and you are producing about a Bcf a day from the Barnett, which is probably arguably one of your biggest decline issues in the company. Is there any relationship between those two as the implication that we’re going to stabilize and start to grow again in the Barnett?
John Richels: No, not at all, Doug, as a matter of fact we still notwithstanding discussion around the Barnett. The Barnett is still a terrific play. We have almost 7,500 locations in the Barnett, and while we have seen a rollover in our production as a result of reduced activity levels. As we ramp up our activity levels, we’re going to increase that production again, and we think there’s a lot of running room for us there. So there’s absolutely no correlation.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I’m going to guess that wasn’t my follow-up, so if I could risk my follow-up. In the Cana, I don’t think Dave mentioned anything by way of how much running room you might have there, obviously with the economics and the NGO portion and so on. I imagine that’s screening pretty well. What kind of activity levels can we expect, and what kind of location backlog do you have there? If you could widen the discussion a little bit on the Cana that will be great. Thanks.
Dave Hager: We currently have 109,000 net acres in the play. The play is essentially leased up. It’s essentially held by two companies, ourselves and Cimarex. When you look at it, we think that we have up to about 1,600 risk locations there, and we give it a total potential on the order of 5 to 6 Tcf. So you can see it’s essentially a billion-barrel oil-field net to Devons. So it’s a very substantial opportunity with very strong economics particularly because of the liquids content.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: What are those well costing to drill it?
Dave Hager: On average, the most recent wells we’ve been drilling on the order of around $8 million.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: You think it’s only [done say to that] or is that pretty much as good as it gets?
Dave Hager: We’re always improving. So we have drilled a number of wells out there, but we’re continuing to drive those costs down. So I wouldn’t say there’s a huge amount of improvement, but I think we’ll continue to improve on that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: When we look at your comment on Kaskida, I know you highlighted that this has the potential to be resource additive, but because it was an appraisal well, could you perhaps add a little bit more color on what was encouraging about the oil column versus what might have been expected and what might you need to see to deem the result commercial?
Dave Hager: Brian, obviously, BP is the operator here, and they’ve indicated that they don’t want to do a release on this well until the operations are through. They have approved us to say what we’ve said, but when you consider that this well is something like 5 miles away from the discovery well at Kaskida and it has a separate geographical feature or a second high, just the fact that it’s oil-charged is a very positive indicator to us.  When you ask why that is encouraging is that there were a couple of possibilities. One was that it was also well charged and the other was that it was not. So the fact it is full of oil we view it as encouraging.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Secondly, on Cana-Woodford, I think we may have discussed this in the past, but the 6.5 million cubic feet a day IP compared to an EUR of 10 Bcf a day. The IPs tend to be a little bit less relative to the EUR versus other plays, and wonder given that it seems like some of the well results that you’ve drilled in the past as well as the IPs coming in are better than expected. If you can talk about the decline profile that you expect and what you’re seeing?
Dave Hager: We have found that really we feel to maximize the EUR on these wells that are out here, that it’s better from a completion standpoint to bring them on a little bit slower than we do some of our other plays, minimize the migration of finds and things like that.  So we’re just doing that from a prudency standpoint to maximize the EUR. You’ve made a good observation on that, I agree, that the IPs are a little bit lower in relation to other plays. We’re very confident that what we’re having is somewhat lower declines than the first year, because we’re bringing them on at lower rates and will achieve those type EURs that I described.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: It seems like choking back the wells, what do you think they could be producing, or I guess the other side of the question is, how long can that 6.5 million a day rate be sustained before you do see a decline?
John Richels: Well Brian, it is hard to say exactly what, they will obviously be a little higher. The other thing is with these wells they have that other component that Dave was talking about of having that high liquids content. So, that influences to some extent the way we bring them on as well. So I’m not sure that we have a good answer for what a kind of hypothetical IP would be, if we open up that choke a little faster.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. If I could ask one last one, and I know you haven’t put out official guidance for 2010, but how are you thinking about just overall growth when we think about the inventory that’s scheduled to come on. Do you expect overall production both oil and gas to be up next year?
Vince White: Brian you’re asking us to get out in front of our forecast for next year, and we’re in the process of finalizing our budget. We’re not going to answer that specifically, but we do think Devon has the opportunity and the resources to be a long-term grower.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: In terms of the ramp-up and the shale plays, I know in that release you put out the other day, you said that in Haynesville you’re going to have a five-rig program in that Southern part of East Texas.  What’s your intention elsewhere in East Texas or Louisiana and Haynesville? In the Barnett, you have got seven rigs running now, what’s the plan for 2010? Any kind of estimate about what kind of production you might be seeing in the Barnett shale as you exit 2010 or go out to 2011 or any period in the future?
Dave Hager: We do have the five-rig program in Haynesville. This is directed towards the primary term acreage in the Southern part of the play. We also have a lot of opportunities in the greater Carthage area. We are in the order of 952,000 identified locations. Those are essentially held by production. So we don’t have an urgency to move on those. So we’re really finalizing our capital plans right now to decide how much, if any rig activity we want to put on that versus focusing on the primary term acreage and securing that acreage.  In the Barnett, we do have seven rigs. We’re going to be ramping up to 16 by year end and we’re having probably around 17 rigs working for most of next year. That’s our current plan in the Barnett. We think that with that level of activity that as John mentioned earlier, that we will not be declining the Barnett. It will be flat to starting to grow again in the Barnett with that level of activity.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: If you just step back, industry wide, I mean, do you think that Barnett has basically flattened out here, or do you think it can grow based on your activity and the activity of others.
Dave Hager: I think it’s hard for us to judge other people’s position very well. I know that the bulk of our acreage is really located right in the core of the play, and Denton, Tarrant, Johnson, Wise, Eastern part of Parker County, and so the vast majority of our acreage is located there.  That’s where the best wells have been drilled, and we still see that we have a lot of running room on that acreage, and we’ve looked at maps comparing our position relative to other companies in that area.  We can see that our well density is not nearly as great as others have. So I can’t comment overall about other companies, but I do know that it’s best part of the play, we have a lot of running room to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Scott Rumas] of Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Regarding your recent Haynesville well and San Augustine County, can you give us a little color on the completion design of that well? I also noticed that the choke size was about 3764, and that looks to be a little wider than other chokes. So if you could give some other detail as well?
Dave Hager: It’s about 2,000 feet deeper, so I think much of the Haynesville has been up in the Carthage area. So we’re dealing with a little bit higher pressures, which, of course, helps out on the deliverability side. It gives you higher rates as well.  I know there have been some questions about this higher choke size. I think anybody with some engineering knowledge understands that what you’re really trying to do here is to monitor, you’re looking at the flowing casing pressure. That’s the most important thing.  I can tell you every time we increase the choke size, our production rate increased significantly, and our flowing casing pressure remained very high. The only reason we kept increasing the choke size, is we’re trying to get back some of the frac fluid. We still only recovered about 12% of the frac fluid as we speak.  So, we’re just trying to get the well unload and we got a very high production rate. So I can tell you this is an extremely strong well. I wouldn’t focus on the choke side. The more important thing is what kind of pressure are you flowing the well at with this high larger choke size. I think you can see that our pressure of over 6800 PSI is a very high pressure that we’re flowing this well at.
Unidentified Analyst: How many frac stages did you guys complete this well with?
Dave Hager: I think it was a 12-stage frac.
Larry Nichols: That’s right, it was 12.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then how has the production held up?
Dave Hager: Well, we just increased it, and we had actually shut the well in here briefly, because when we go south, had a shut-in, we had a little bit higher than pipeline spec on CO2. So we shut that in to I guess some equipment modifications, and then we’ll be opening the well back up very soon.
Unidentified Analyst: Then moving to Horn River, can you guys mention the completion designs there and the activity level for 2010?
Dave Hager: Our idea in the Horn River was that what we were really focusing on is what kind of productivity we could get per frac stage. So we recognize that if we wanted to go out there and put 10 or 12 stage frac, we could do that but we just didn’t feel it was necessary at this point of the play to do that.  We recognized there was essentially a linear relationship, we believe, of about 0.9 million cubic feet per day per frac stage, and we proved that. So, we put on the order of 4 to 6 frac stages on these wells, and we verify that ratio and so we’re comfortable once we move into a full development of the field we can increase the number of fracs and get much higher rates and then we’ll the trade-off between the cost of additional frac stages and the additional production you get from that.  So that’s all we were trying to prove with this year’s activity, that ratio held up, and it did. Regarding future activity, we do have plans to use two rigs, going to drill about eight wells. Actually after the breakup, next summer we’ll be drawing eight wells to just continue to evaluate our acreage, to hold the acreage we have out there.  Although those are very long-term leases and just increase our understanding. So this is a resource that, again, we talk about the company being very opportunity rich, and you can see, when you put together something like this. So we’re not really pushing too hard at this point, but these results are certainly as good as anybody else is having out in the industry. We think we have a lot of future growth opportunity here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Maurice of Citigroup. Please proceed.
Bob Maurice - Citigroup: Larry, a question on your spending here. I noticed what you spent in the third quarter, and with all of the rigs you plan to add by year end. Can you tell us what sort of run rate that is on CapEx? In other words once you ramp up to that activity level that you’re going to get to with all the rigs you’re adding by year end, what sort of annualized CapEx rate is that?
Vince White: I’m going to jump in here, Bob. This is Vince. We miss spoke and we do not expect this ramp-up of activity in the fourth quarter to push us outside our previous guidance range. So we’ll probably be near the top of our previous guidance, which is a little over 4 billion of EMP expenditures. The top end of the range was 4.1 and we still expect to be there for the full year.
Bob Maurice - Citigroup: Okay. Let me ask you, then, I know obviously your cash flow depends on commodity prices next year, but do you plan to spend within cash flow, or do you anticipate or you willing to supplement that with the proceeds from your lower tertiary sale when you look at your capital budget for 2010?
Larry Nichols: Well, one of the reasons that we are doing the sale of the lower tertiary is to bring balances spending back in line, as we said in past calls, so that we’re not spending as large a percentage in the gulf that are spending more of it on our core onshore properties. So we certainly do intend as long as oil and gas prices continue the way we think they will to ramp up our spending in 2010.  We haven’t put out an official amount for that yet because we haven’t finalized the budget, because we want to get all the data before we get there, but we certainly do intend to spend cash in any of cash flow from lower tertiary is cash flow. I imagine it is more likely we will use that for drilling activity based on the assumption that we see the economy recovering and oil prices continuing to be strong and gas prices continuing to improve.
Bob Maurice - Citigroup: Second question, on the Willcox section you saw in the Kaskida appraisal well, did you expect that to be part of the continuous reservoir from the discovery well, it was something that you anticipated might have been fault separated? I know BP you’re operating, you can’t say a whole lot, but in drilling that well, was it anticipated, or is it something now that you’re drilling a side tract, how did that differ from what you mapped out prior to drilling that appraisal?
Dave Hager: I think you just said the key phrase. BP is the operator of this. So we have an agreement on what we will say here and what we won’t say. So I don’t know if I can add a whole lot more color to it than what we’ve already said. We have found an encouraging column and again it is five mills away and it’s essentially on a separate culmination from the original discovery well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Magner of Macquarie. Please proceed.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: I know there has been some question around Kaskida. Just to clarify the timing, it sounds like you have the information in hand to move ahead with the bid process, but there is a column in release that side track is being considered. Is that something that will be pursued once the sell-down has closed, or how does that factor into your…?
Dave Hager: No. We’re actually [obtaining] the side track right now. It’s at 30,000 feet, so you never know for sure, but we anticipate that this could probably take on the order of a couple of weeks or so to finish the side track.  After that we will finish the operations at Kaskida. We’ll take the West Sirius rig over to cascade to begin the completion operations there. So we think that ones all of that information is given, then all of the data will be completed and available.  The final data will be completed and available in the data room including the side track. Everybody has seen everything except the side track already. Then we will be able to complete the sale process, which we said will be done by the end of December.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: I know you haven’t completed the 2010 planning process yet, but at one point, up until the middle of 2008 Devon was talking about a five year growth potential that it was in the 7% or 9% range. Is that a range that we can expect to see again, now that you are more confident about the outlook and planning to ramp up development of some of your onshore plays? If so, what sort of capital do you think would be required to drive that sort of annual growth going forward?
John Richels: There were some price assumptions for oil and gas behind those forecasts, and our resource base has the potential to deliver that kind of growth and actually higher growth rates than 7%, and long-term, we live within cash flow. We have not been willing to shovel better equity out the door to support growth.  So it’s highly dependent on the future of commodity prices. Everybody has got a view on that; but assuming kind of strip pricing, I think you can expect Devon to move back into the high single digit growth rate over time.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Last quick one on the Haynesville, what is your EUR expectations in that Southern area, and then with the deeper debts, what sort of completed well cost are you expecting, or did you have on the first well?
Dave Hager: It’s a little bit hard to say what the EUR expectations are. We think up in the Carthage area, we’re probably on the 5 to 6 Bcf per well range, probably 5.5 to 6 realistically. We obviously think and maybe somewhat better down here, but again we just brought this well online, and we does have such very limited production data that it is a little bit hard to say.  So I would expect it to be a little higher than we’re seeing to north, but we just need to get more data to say for sure. As far as the well costs go, we anticipate that future well costs in this order will probably be on the order of around $10 million or so.  We spent a little bit more on this well because it was the first well we drilled down there. We did some extra work on this well, but we anticipate around $10 million going forward. Again a little bit deeper, little bit higher pressure requires different casing design, et. cetera and that’s why it’s a little higher well cost.
Larry Nichols:  Operator we have time for one more question.
Operator:  Your final question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of the Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Just a couple of quick things, if I could. Do you have a cost estimate yet Jackfish 2?
John Richels:  We have said Mark Jackfish 2 is going to come in the neighborhood of a billion US. So it continues to – with the 300 million barrels that continues to have a obviously a very-very low F&D costs but and that’s up a bit from where we were in Jackfish 1, just with cost inflation but frankly with the reduction in activity in the oil patch and particularly in heavy oil sector in Canada, we are getting better services, and being able to bring it in faster and within budget and within schedule. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Could you talk just for a second about what kind of facility sharing agreement regarding Cascade Chinook you have and what that would mean in terms of your share of the facility production?
Dave Hager: Mark, I don’t have all those details in front of me. We do have obviously arrangement of share the facilities, I believe it’s over 50/50 sharing arrangement that we have with the Chinook development. We basically have our half of about, if I’m not mistaking around, our half of around 85,000 Boe per day and facility.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Just one more quick one if I could. As per your stats, there were I guess four unproductive wells drilled in the international arena, exploratory wells in the quarter. Dave, you talked about one of them, what were the other three?
Dave Hager: There were some very minor interest wells outside of our core areas that we’re actually countered in those stats, I think actually couple of wells that we never even talk about over in Russia, that were included in those stats and the other area is the Angola wells. We also have some dry holes in the Angola wells in the Angola block that we have. I might also mention we’re currently drilling an appraisal well to our previous discovery in Angola. They are just [drilling] well over there, don’t have results on that yet.
John Richels: Just to remind you, we’ve got a 15% working interest in those well, so that’s why Dave said there are really no low interest wells therefore we have the dry holes.
Vince White: That ends today’s call. Thanks everybody for joining us.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - SVP of IR Larry Nichols - Chairman and CEO John Richels - President Dave Hager - EVP of Exploration and Production Darryl Smette - EVP of Marketing and Midstream
Analysts: Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt Doug Leggate - Howard Weil Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Rashid Rehan - FBR Capital Markets Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time lied like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Good morning, everybody and welcome to Devon's second quarter call. I've got just a couple of housekeeping items and then I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols. He'll give us an overview of the quarter and some thoughts about how Devon is positioned for the future. Following Larry's remarks, our President, John Richels will provide a financial review and then following John's comments, Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production will discuss operations.  This will be followed by a Q&A period and as usual we will hold the call to about an hour or so. If we don't get a chance to get to your question today, please feel free to follow up later in the day. As always we will ask the participants on the call to keep their questions in the Q&A session to just one question and one follow up.
8-K: These updates will also be posted to the estimates page on www.devonenergy.com. Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under US Securities law. And while we always attempt to be as accurate as possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates and we therefore urge you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that is provided with the form 8-K that we are going to file today. One other compliance note. We will refer today to various non-GAAP performance measures. When we make reference to these measures, we are required to make certain disclosures under US Securities law. Those disclosures are available on our website and again that is www.devonenergy.com. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: Despite a rather challenging environment, Devon had a very positive second quarter. Total production increased 5% over the first quarter this year and 12% over the second quarter last year. It increased to 719,000 Boe per day which sets an all-time record for a combined production of oil, gas and NGLs for Devon. Our realized crude prices climbed more than 50% over the first quarter, which more than offsets the lower natural gas prices. This of course underscores one of Devon's strengths of having a balance between oil and gas. Cost trends were favorable with most categories coming down in the second quarter with better than expected production, lower cost and stronger oil prices, we generated net earnings of $314 million for the second quarter. Excluding those items that analysts generally do not forecast, Devon earned $379 million or $0.85 cents per share for the quarter which is $0.26 cents or 44% above the first call mean. We generated cash flow of $1.1 billion in the second quarter which more than funds our CapEx expenditures for the period. We exited June with cash and unused credit lines of about $2.6 billion and a net debt-to-cap ratio of 35%, actually a little below 35%. With abundant liquidity and a very strong balance sheet, we are well positioned for an upturn in the current cycle. Our second quarter performance reflects the very high quality of our oil and gas property base. In spite of the dramatic decrease in drilling activity in the first half of this year for Devon, our assets significantly outperformed expectations. Furthermore our oil and liquids components supported sufficient cash flow to fully meet the demands of our capital program and dividends during a period of very low natural gas prices. Based on the very strong performance of our asset base for the first half of the year, we are increasing our full-year production forecast by 7 million Boe which takes it to a range of between 243 million Boe 247 million Boe. The midpoint represents a 3% increase over 2008 production from continuing operations. This level of production is net of roughly 3 million Boe of voluntary reductions that we were planning for the second half of 2009. John will cover the details and the [antacid] impact on third quarter volumes. As we discussed in May, we have reduced capital expenditures significantly in 2009 in response to the macro environment. Our 2009 exploration and production budget of $3.5 million to $4.1 billion is less than half the 2008 level. We are now in the very, very early stages of developing our 2010 exploration and production budget, which will ultimately reflect our outlook for commodity prices and cost in the future. Long term, we believe that the combination of prices and cost will adjust sufficiently to the reward increased investment in the business, but we also know that the low cost producer always has a distinct advantage and this is especially true during periods of strained industry economics. Accordingly, we are always focused on identifying opportunities to improve our efficiency and our effectiveness. A direct result of this focus was our decision that we announced in May to combine the Gulf and International divisions. These two divisions had evolved to the point that they were focused on very similar types of activities. Combining them into one single offshore division allows us to achieve meaningful improvements in operational effectiveness by pooling technical resources, eliminating redundancies and insuring consistent project risking and capital allocation across those areas. While the combination resulted in a second quarter spike in G&A expenses due to related severance costs, it will have a lasting positive impact in our overall efficiency. Before I turn the call over to John Richels, I want to give you an update on the status of the process we announced in the first quarter to secure a partner for activities in the lower tertiary play. We announced that we intended to do bring in a partner for up to half of our entire position in the play. A principal driver was that our capital allocation of long-term projects had grown more than a third of our E&P capital budget. Historically, we've only spent between 10% and 15% of our long-term cycle projects on these expenditures. In the near-term, we expect to be involved in developing four significant deepwater discoveries simultaneously. These multiple development commitments could eventually cause us to allocate an even larger share of our capital to long-term projects. Bringing in a partner will allow to us reduce capital requirements for the long-term projects and still maintain meaningful exposure to this very exciting growth area. On announcing our desire to bring in a partner, we received numerous expressions of interests from large companies. We opened a data room in late July and we have begun admitting prospective partners. We will not request offers until we learn the results of an appraisal well that is now drilling at Cascade. This timing should allow to us evaluate bids and close a transaction or transactions around year end. Although, we will be flexible as to the type of deal structure that we will consider, an agreement could involve the combination of both cash and a promoted interest in future capital expenditures. With that, I'll turn the call over to John Richels for a financial review and his outlook. John?
John Richels: Thank you, Larry, and good morning everyone. I'll begin by looking at some of the key events and drivers that shaped our second quarter financial results and review how these factors impact our outlook for the second half of the year. We will document these changes to our outlook in a Form 8-K that we expect to file later on today. So let's begin with production. In the second quarter, we produced 65.4 million equivalent barrels or approximately 719,000 barrels per day. This result exceeded the top end of our guidance range by $3.4 million barrels or about 5%. Roughly two-thirds of the 3.4 million barrel beat was attributable to our North American onshore assets.  The remaining third of the out performance was due to lower royalty rates in Canada and, as many of you know, Canadian royalties are calculated on a sliding scale and the lower natural gas prices during the quarter lowered royalties and increased Devon's share of production. When you examine our production performance in greater detail, you'll find that we experienced strong year-over-year growth across most of our major operating regions. Overall, Devon's company-wide production increased by 76,000 barrels per day or nearly 12% when compared to the second quarter of 2008. Once again, our US onshore properties contributed significant production growth, up 12% or approximately 46,000 barrels per day over last year's second quarter. The leading driver of our US onshore performance was strong growth from our Barnett Shale assets. In Canada, production increased by 28,000 barrels per day or 17% year-over-year. In addition to lower royalty rates, the continued ramp up of our Jackfish SAGD project drove the strong results from our Canadian segment. Devon's international properties also delivered meaningful growth in the second quarter. Improved results from Brazil and Azerbaijan increased international production by 16,000 barrels per day over the same period a year ago. Looking ahead as Larry mentioned, in response to low gas prices we are taking steps to reduce our expected output in the second half of the year. In aggregate, we expect to reduce production by between 15 billion and 21 billion cubic feet equivalent or 2.5 million to 3.5 million Boes over the remainder of 2009. First, we are reducing incremental compression in the Barnett and Arkoma-Woodford. This accounts for more than half of the reduction and most of the remaining reduction will result from deferred completions across North America and by shutting in some marginal wells in the Rockies. Based on our strong year-to-date results and lower than expected overall decline rates, we are increasing Devon's full year production as Larry already mentioned to a range of 243 million to 247 million barrels. This updated guidance is net of the voluntary production cuts in the second half of 2009. Despite these cuts, the revised forecast represents a 7 million barrel increase over our previous guidance. Looking to the third quarter, we expect production to be in the neighborhood of 61 million barrels. This estimate indicates a 4.4 million Boe decrease from the second quarter. The voluntary reductions I mentioned account for about 1 million Boe of the third quarter decrease. In addition, scheduled plant maintenance at Jackfish and downtime for pipeline installation at Panyu are expected to reduce third quarter oil production by 1 million Boes and budgeted downtime for hurricanes reduces our expected third quarter volumes buy about 500,000 Boe. Finally, higher expected royalties in Canada reduce our forecasted third quarter production by an additional 900,000 Boes. The remaining 1 million Boe reduction is a result of natural decline. Moving on to price realization, starting with oil. In the second quarter, the WTI benchmark price rose to an average price of $59.83 per barrel. That's a 39% improvement over the first quarter. In addition to the higher benchmark price, regional differentials narrowed and realizations in most producing regions were in the top half or above our guidance range. The most notable improvement occurred in Canada as differentials for heavy oil narrowed due to the addition of some new heavy refining capacity and higher seasonal demand. Overall, our company-wide realized price for the quarter averaged $52.44 per barrel or roughly 88% of the WTI benchmark. This result represents a $19 per barrel improvement in our oil price realization compared to the previous quarter. On the natural gas side, the Henry Hub Index declined to an average price of $3.51 per Mcf during the second quarter. Differentials tightened in all of our producing regions partially offsetting the weakness in benchmark pricing. Overall, company-wide gas price realizations before the impact of hedges came in near the midpoint of our guidance range at 83% of Henry Hub or $2.91 per Mcf.
 :
 : For the second half of 2009, we've entered into additional gas hedges for the last four months of the year. For September, we now have protected a total of 425 million cubic feet per day at a weighted average price of $6.65 per Mcf. For the fourth quarter, we protected our price of $5.86 on 865 million cubic feet per day. We are currently weighing the flexibility of our 2010 capital budget, our projected debt levels and our pricing outlook to formulate our plan for 2010 hedging. Turning to our marketing and midstream business, operating profit for the second quarter came in at $125 million, well above the top end of the guidance range. Higher than expected volumes and higher NGL prices were key performance drivers. Based upon our first half results, we now expect marketing and midstream full year operating profit to come in between $430 million and $500 million, an increase of $65 million from our previous guidance. Shifting now to expenses, second quarter lease operating expenses totaled $510 million or $7.80 per barrel of production. This result is more than $1 per Boe below the midpoint of our guidance. When compared to the second quarter of 2008, Devon's unit lease operating expenses decreased by $1.38 per barrel or 15%. Lower industry activity levels continued to put downward pressure on service and supply costs across most of our major producing regions. We expect this trend to continue for the remainder of 2009. Based on the cost savings achieved in the first half of the year, we now expect our full year lease operating expenses to be in the bottom half of our full-year guidance range of $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion.
 : Moving to G&A expense. In the second quarter, reported G&A expense came in at $182 million, approximately $33 million of the second quarter total was due to restructuring charges that resulted from the combination of our International and Gulf divisions into one offshore division. We expect this consolidation to achieve operating efficiencies and reduce G&A costs in future periods. Excluding this non-recurring charge, G&A expenditures declined by 10% from the last quarter. Looking at the full year 2009, we are now increasing our G&A guidance to a range of $650 million to $680 million. And this updated forecast reflects the severance expenses associated with combining the divisions, reflects the strengthening of the Canadian dollar and an increase in forecasted pension costs. Shifting to interest expense. Interest expense totaled $90 million for the second quarter. This total is essentially flat when compared with the second quarter of 2008. For the remainder of 2009, we anticipate interest expense to remain steady at about that $90 million level. The final expense item that I want to touch on is income taxes. Reported income tax expense for the second quarter came in at $128 million or 30% of pretax income. However, when you back out the impact of items that are excluded from analyst estimates, our second quarter income tax rate was 32% of pretax earnings with 12% being current and 20% deferred. This is right in line with our full year forecast and similar to the rates that we would expect in the second half of the year. We will go into the bottomline. Reported net earnings for the second quarter were $314 million or $0.70 cents per diluted share. After excluding the unusual or one-time items adjusted net earnings for the second quarter were $379 million or $0.85 cents per diluted share outstanding. As Larry mentioned earlier, Devon's earnings were significantly better than the first call mean of $0.59 cents per share. That beat was driven by much better than expected production, better than expected price realizations and lower than expected overall costs. In today's earnings release, we provided a table that reconciles the effects of the items that are typically excluded from analyst estimates. Now just before I turn the call over to Dave, I'll conclude with a quick review of our cash flow and liquidity. Devon's cash flow before balance sheet changes totaled $1.1 billion in the second quarter. That's a 12% increase over the first quarter of 2009. The $1.1 billion was sufficient to fund our total capital expenditures and dividends for the quarter. Capital expenditures included approximately $850 million for exploration and production activities. As we've mentioned in previous calls, we believe that maintaining liquidity and balance sheet strength is a top priority especially in this environment. Based on this conviction, we continue to scale operations to live within cash flow and exited June with nearly $2.6 billion of available cash and unused credit lines, a very healthy liquidity position. In addition to our strong liquidity, our balance sheet also remains one of the strongest in the industry. At June 30, Devon's net debt to capitalization ratio was 33% or 22% as calculated under the terms of our bank credit agreements. At this point, I'm going to turn the call over to Dave for an update on operations. Dave?
Dave Hager: Thanks, John. And good morning to everyone. Operationally, the second quarter was a very good one for Devon. As Larry said, we set an all-time record for production of oil, gas and natural gas liquids. All of our major assets are performing very well. We have leveraged our shale expertise and established years of drilling inventory, not only in the Barnett, but also in the Haynesville, Cana-Woodford and Horn River. Furthermore our Jackfish SAGD project continues to deliver industry leading performance. I will begin the operational highlights with a quick recap of company-wide drilling activity. During the second quarter, we continued our reduced activity levels and at the end of June, we had just 24 Devon operated rigs running. We drilled 198 wells in the quarter with only one dry hole. Of the 198 wells, nine were classified as exploratory and the remaining 189 wells were classified as development. Capital expenditures for exploration and development were $848 million dollars for the quarter. This brought total exploration and development capital for the first six months to $2.1 billion. In the second half of 2009, we expect E&P CapEx to continue at roughly the second quarter pace, putting us squarely within our previously forecasted range of $3.5 billion to $4.1 billion for the full year. Service and supply costs continue to respond to lower activity levels across most of our operating regions. On average, company-wide we've seen our costs deflate by about 17% since the beginning of the year and we expect to see another 5% to 7% in the second half of 2009. Industry-wide drilling rig costs were down about 40% year-to-date and tubular costs are down about 30%. We have not yet experienced the full benefit of these improvements because of term rig contracts and the advanced purchase of enough tubular for about 75% of our 2009 wells. So, while the cost picture for Devon is much improved, it will continue to get better. Moving now to our quarterly operations highlights starting with the Barnett Shale field in North Texas where we are currently running eight Devon operated rigs. During the second quarter, we brought 98 operated Barnett wells online with an average IP rate of 2 million cubic feet per day. We are continuing to improve drilling efficiency in the Barnett and recently set a record by drilling and completing a well in nine days from spud to rig release. Given the improved efficiencies in September, we plan to relocate one rig from the Barnett to Cana-Woodford in Oklahoma. We believe that we can still comfortably drill to 229 Barnett wells planned for 2009. Our net production in Barnett averaged 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day in the second quarter, a 12% increase over the second quarter of 2008 and essentially flat with the first quarter of 2009. Stronger than expected performance from our base production in the Barnett helped to drive company-wide reported production to an all time record high. We did however see Barnett production begin to fall in July as a result of our lower activity levels. Given the reduction in drilling and lower levels of compression in the Barnett, we expect to exit 2009 producing about 1 billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent per day here. In the Woodford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma's Arkoma basin, we ran three operated rigs throughout the second quarter. However, since the majority of our acreage in the play is now held by production, we elected last month to move one of these three rigs to the Cana-Woodford. The remaining two rigs will continue to focus on drilling long lateral horizontal wells in the Northridge area. However, we will defer completion of these wells until 2010. In the second quarter, we brought ten operated Woodford wells online. Our net Akcoma-Woodford production averaged 79 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the second quarter, up 110% from the rate in the second quarter of 2008. Shifting to the Cana-Woodford Shale in Western Oklahoma, we ran four operated rigs during the second quarter and with a relocation of a rig from the Arkoma-Woodford in July, we have five operated rigs running today. As I mentioned, next month we will -- a rig will be relocated from the Barnett bringing our total operated rig count in Cana to six.
 : The well has an estimated recovery of over 14 billion cubic feet and costs about $8 million to drill and complete. This is obviously a standout well, but it illustrates the improvements we are seeing with higher EURs and lower drill and complete costs in the primary area of the play. Production history from our 25 long-lateral horizontals drilled to date indicate ultimate recoveries of between 6.5 Bcf and 9 Bcf per well. Our second quarter net production from Cana averaged 34 million cubic feet of gas per day, up nearly tenfold over the second quarter of 2008 and up 43% when compared to the first quarter of 2009. Moving to the Granite Wash located in the eastern sections of the Texas Panhandle, this play where Devon has more than 46,000 net acres has received a bit of attention recently. Devon drilled ten successful horizontal wells here in 2008. Horizontal drilling in recent years has focused on the sands located at depths of 11,000 feet to 16,500 feet.  Typical drill and completed costs for these horizontal wells are between $5 million and $11 million with recoveries up to 7 Bcf per well. Initial production rates can range from 3 million to 15 million cubic feet per day. While these results can be attractive under normalized conditions, our acreage is held by existing production, so we have the luxury to defer drilling. We have no drilling plans here for 2009, but we will keep you posted on future developments. Shifting to the Haynesville shale in East Texas, last quarter we told you about our 110,000 net acres in our greater Carthage area. With numerous cores, 3-D seismic, geologic mapping and correlation with our wells drilled to date, we have now substantially derisked 74,000 of the 110,000 net acres. In the second quarter, we completed our sixth operated well in the play. The hole A118H located in the Carthage field in Panalo county had a 24 hour IP rate of 5 million cubic feet per day. In July we brought our seventh well online, also located in the Carthage field. The Smith-Bird 20H achieved a 24-hour IP rate of over 6 million cubic feet per day. While we have seen instantaneous rates as high as 9 million per day, we continue to bring Haynesville wells on cautiously.
 : Much like the Cana-Woodford, we have achieved significant improvements on the cost side with our most recent Haynesville wells costing between $7 million and $9 million to drill and complete. Since the first well we drilled in the Haynesville, we have seen a 60% improvement in drilling efficiency. We expect these improvements to continue as we apply the practices we have perfected through drilling thousands of successful unconventional shale wells. To date, we have identified roughly 800 risked Haynesville drillings locations over our derisked acreage in the greater Carthage area alone. These locations represent more than three Tcf of risk resource potential net to Devon. In July, after drilling an eighth well in the greater Carthage area, we moved the rig south to drill our first west in San Augustine county. This will be the first of several Haynesville horizontal wells drilled to test our 47,000 net acre position south of Carthage. We hope to report results in our third quarter call. Southwest of the Haynesville at Groesbeck, we brought yet another high rate Bossier sands well, horizontal well online in a Nan-Su-Gail field in the second quarter. The 100% owned Hill-Crenshaw 3H had a 24 hour IP of approximately 18 million cubic feet of gas per day. Second quarter net production at Groesbeck reached a record 115 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, up 7% from the first quarter and 26% compared to the second quarter of 2008. Moving to the Permian Basin, one of our advantages of our diverse asset based is the ability to shift capital dollars around when prices favor one commodity over another. This is a case at our Wolfberry oil play in West Texas, where Devon has more than 98,000 net acres. The Wolfberry is a repeatable, low-geologic risk play that can generate outstanding rates of return. Initial production rates from these wells range from 70 barrels to 140 barrels per day. A typical well costs $1.5 million to drill and complete and can produce as much as 150,000 barrels over its life. We currently have two rigs running. While we have drilled just 15 wells in the play to date, we have significant running room with as much as 2,500 additional locations. Moving to the Rockies and the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, we continue to see the effects of our aggressive 2008 Big George drilling program as net production average of record 120 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent per day in the second quarter; up 36% compared with the second quarter of 2008. Now shifting to the Gulf of Mexico. We continued appraisal and development work on our four deepwater discoveries in the lower tertiary trend in the second quarter. At Cascade, our 50% owned development with Petrobras, the project is progressing well. In the second quarter, we drilled a Cascade number four well on the downthrown side of the fault and encountered approximately 500 feet of net pay. The number four well is the first of two planned producers and we will begin completing the well later this year with the West Sirius rig. [Facilities] construction and installation remain on schedule for first production in mid 2010. At Jack and St. Malo, Chevron as operator has a letter of intent with a third party to build, own and operate a 100-mile pipeline to transport the natural gas that will be produced in conjunction with the oil. Front-end engineering and design work continues in anticipation of a sanctioning decision next year. Devon has 25% working interest in both Jack and St. Malo. At Cascade, the largest of our four lower tertiary discoveries, appraisal drilling operations on the Keathley Canyon #1 will continue. We are now drilling below the salt and expect to reach total depth in September. Devon and co-owner BP are considering drilling an additional appraisal well next year with the potential production test planned for a later date. Devon has a 30% working interest in Cascade. Moving now to Canada, at our 100% Devon owned Jackfish thermal oil project in Eastern Alberta, well and reservoir performance continues to lead the industry. Jackfish production continues to climb with production averaging 28,000 barrels per day in June and reaching a peak daily rate of 33,000 barrels. Following two weeks of scheduled downtime for plant maintenance in September, we will be again ramping Jackfish back up and expect to reach the facility's capacity of 35,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter. It is worth pointing out that with current oil and gas prices, favorable differentials and non-fuel operating expenses running below $6 per barrel, Jackfish is extremely profitable. At our Jackfish 2 project, construction continues on schedule. I will remind you like Jackfish, Jackfish 2 is expected to produce 35,000 barrels per day and to ultimately recover 300 million barrels over the project life. During the second quarter, the first plant module arrived on-site and in July, we began drilling the first of 28 planned well-pairs. In the Horn River basin of Northern British Columbia, during the second quarter we drilled a third horizontal well in '08-'09 winter program. Completion operations are underway now and we expect to tie in these wells and have IP rates for you in the third quarter call. You will recall that Devon has 153,000 net acres in the Horn River play. Finally, in Brazil at our Polvo development project, we brought one development well on during the second quarter, driving gross production to 20,000 barrels per day.
 : Following the BAR-1 well, the rig will drill one well for another operator before moving to the Campos Basin in the fourth quarter to drill as a pre-salt prospect called [Itaipu] on Block BM-C-32. This prospect is 16 miles north, a recent Wahoo discovery and adjacent to Petrobras' Jubarte and their pre-salt Whale Park discoveries. Devon will operate the well with a 40% interest. In the second half of this year, we also expect to participate in an appraisal to our Wahoo discovery. Wahoo is operated by Anadarko and Devon has a 25% interest. Finally, Devon will participate with a 35% working interest in a Petrobras-operated exploratory well on BM-C-35, expected to spud in the fourth quarter. All-in-all, a very exciting exploration lineup for Brazil in the second half of this year. At this point, I'm going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vince White: Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: I had a question regarding Devon's progress in derisking acreage in some of your key emerging plays, specifically in the Haynesville. I understand you have about 580,000 gross acres that may have changed, but have you ruled out any of this other than what you indicated in this morning's release as not being perspective or being perspective?
Dave Hager: No, we have not ruled out any of the acreage as not being perspective. We are methodically moving our way through the acreage position. At this point we drilled most of the wells in the Carthage area and we are very confident that we have derisked that area. We are now moving to the south. We are currently drilling a well in the San Augustine county, the [Cardill] well. After that we will be drilling a well in Shelby county which is in between Carthage and San Augustine county. That will help to derisk an additional 47,000 acres. A great deal of the remaining acreage is actually minerals and held by production. So there's not as much of an urgency to derisk most of the other areas, outside of the acreage that I just mentioned.
Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company: I have a similar question on the Cana-Woodford. I understand about 112,000 acres. Have you ruled any of that out?
Dave Hager: It's about 109,000 acres and, no, we have not ruled any of it out. The Cana-Woodford is working extremely well. The bulk of our drilling to date has been concentrated on what we call the core and the central portion of the position. We are now moving out to the western portion of the acreage position to evaluate it. So far everything has worked outstanding and as I mentioned, we are adding two additional rigs up there. So, we are obviously pleased with the results we are seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering Holt. Please proceed.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Just going through your guidance and I saw the 8-K, but working through numbers I understand you got 3 million barrels of curtailment. It looks like two of that is really in the fourth quarter. Does that imply that you expect fourth quarter gas prices to be much lower than the third? Or is it just you haven't started curtailing yet?
Vince White: David, this is Vince. We actually just started implementing the curtailments. So the impact will be disproportional to the fourth quarter. It really doesn't reflect that we think fourth quarter is any worse than third.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Looking at kind of run rates, so fourth quarter volumes at 61 million barrels and third quarter is around 57 million barrels of oil equivalent to hit the midpoint of guidance.
Vince White: That's correct.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: You talked about Jackfish ramping and Polvo, what's your natural decline rate from third quarter to fourth quarter, then if you have the same breakdown that you walk through as far as third quarter, what's in the guidance? It would be useful to get the same thoughts on fourth quarter.
Dave Hager: If you take our actual Q2 production of 65.4 million barrels, you take the midpoint of Q3 of 61 million barrels that would imply a reduction of 4.4 million barrels. We would break that out basically as about a million barrels due to the voluntary reductions that we've described.  The plan turnaround at Jackfish and Panyu, probably about another million barrels. We have about half million barrels built in there for hurricanes and probably a change in the Canadian royalty structure where we will not get quite as favorable results. It will just under in the third quarter relative to second quarter. It will probably result in the reduction of about a million barrels or 900,000 barrels there. So that leaves the natural production decline from second to third quarter of about a million barrels.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Then I was trying to do the same breakdown of third into fourth on the 61 million barrel midpoint, just at the midpoint of full year 245 would be 57 million barrels, can you do the same breakdown.
Dave Hager: For there, we would have about 2 million barrels of voluntary reductions going from third to fourth quarter. Of course Jackfish and Panyu would come back on. So that add back about a million barrels. We also anticipate though about a million barrels of decrease wafting and that's just a timing of waftings on our international properties which should be about 2 million barrels for production decline.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: That's mostly US gas on the production decline?
Dave Hager: Yes.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Thinking about capital spend right then, have you thought about what that implies for 2010 production and the correct amount of spend?
John Richels: David, we are really just getting into very early stages of developing our 2010 capital budgets and so we really haven't forecast that out through 2010 at this point.
Vince White: I would add the fact that we have deferred a lot of completions, if in fact we are in an environment that encourages us to bring that production on in 2010, it bodes well for our 2010 production profile.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Just thinking about that plus other major projects, I put a 3% kind of quarter-over-quarter base decline and then you do major projects and some more completions, is that a fair way to bracket things? Just thinking 2 million barrels on a 60 million-barrel base.
Vince White: We can't point out any flaw in your logic, although obviously our activity levels have a tremendous impact on our production profile. And so until we establish what that will be for 2010 we don't really have a [number] for it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Howard Weil. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Conceptually, you talked a little bit about hedging and the increases which is kind of new over the balance of the year, but conceptually what would stop you taking a more significant hedging position, on making a little bit more of an effort to maintain production in the Barnett in particular? I'm just trying to think how your planning comes together on that?
John Richels: First of all, as you know there are different ways to handle risk. Our philosophy in the past has been that if we had a strong balance sheet which we have traditionally had and if we are a low cost operator which we have traditionally been, then that's a way to minimize risk or to manage risk and we have traditionally not hedged a lot except when we did for specific reasons like when we did acquisitions and that kind of thing. We actually went through and we've taken a look at whether a more systematic or a formulaic approach makes sense where you just continually hedge a certain amount of production. We really don't think that that responds well to the markets and makes a lot of sense many. We just haven't seen the evidence of that being the right thing to do. What we are doing, though, is continually monitoring our expected cash flow, our capital programs. We have a bigger piece of our capital programs these days that is dedicated to longer-term projects that you don't want to slow down too much on, our view of prices and making a call on that basis. So it's something we are continually monitoring. When we develop our 2010 capital budget and as we continue to develop a view on pricing for 2010, we may well put some more hedges in place, but we haven't at this time.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil:
 :
John Richels: It's both I'd say. Current $4 economics, there is certainly at least breakeven, probably a little bit better and normalized numbers are substantially better than that. So it's just a play that's working as well as any play that we have out there in the company I would say at this point. So we do want to establish our acreage position, make sure we are holding our acreage position, but it's also an extremely economic play overall for us.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Are you able to give any risk locations at this point or is it too early?
Vince White: Well, what we've said is that we think we have net risk potential out here of about five Tcf. That translates to risk locations of little bit in excess of 1500.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Were there any reserve upward revisions in the quarter that helped your depreciation charges?
John Richels: Actually, Doug, there were. All of our Jackfish barrels came back on. They came off at year end, both the Jackfish 1 and Jackfish 2 and they are all back on and that's somewhere in the neighborhood of 300 million barrels that came on just as a result of the economics. With the large variance between oil and gas on energy equivalent basis and with the narrowing of the differentials that we talked about earlier, those projects have become extremely profitable and they are all back on.
Vince White: John said all the reserves on Jackfish 2, that is the ones that we lost at year end, but we are no place close to fully booked at Jackfish 2.
John Richels: We only booked at 80 million barrels at Jackfish 2. I mean the ones that came out off year end. Vince is right.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: 300 million were back in the second quarter?
Vince White: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: With respect to the voluntary curtailments is there any portion of it that is dictated by expected cash loss as opposed to just you don't like the price?
Dave Hager: There's actually on a number of the projects, we are saving the cost of completion. We are saving capital by deferring these completions particularly in the Woodford and the Washakie is allowing us to actually save costs. We are also saving some money on the compression as well. Yes, it's more than just we don't like the price. It's that we can save some dollars as well.
Larry Nichols: There is one field, the Powder River, where the economics are marginal and so we are setting that field in or portions of it for negative cash flow. But the vast majority of their curtailments are clearly voluntary, very profitable operations that we just elect not to sell the gas into a very weak gas market, rather keep that gas in the ground and sell it next year at a higher price.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Vis-a-vis the Jackfish Dave, can you talk a little bit about the progression in terms of steam-oil ratios and where it stands currently?
John Richels: When we first scoped out Jackfish, Mark, we were assuming that we would see a steam-to-oil ratio that was less than 3 and that whole field, the reservoir and the wells have performed better than we have expected. So we are actually on many parts of that project now, at below 2.6 steam-oil ratio which if you look at the other way, it's one Mcf per barrel and the wells continue to produce at levels which are really industry leading results. So, it's been just a terrific lease for us and a terrific project.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: In an environment of the reduced activity in the Barnett, what are you doing with respect to the 20-acre program? And if there's activity in that regard, Dave, what kind of oil rates are you seeing?
Dave Hager: We are drilling a few on 20 acres, the bulk of them we are drilling are on 40-acre and 80-acre spacing. We are drilling a few on 20-acre and we are seeing performance of very similar, but very, very close to what we are seeing on the 40-acre and 80-acre spacing. So, it continues to have very similar economics.
Operator: Next question come from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:
play:
Dave Hager: Well, the net pay was as anticipated. We had no surprises in the well. We actually saw a little bit more pay than we had prognosed pre-drill. There's no change in our resource estimates out there as a result of this well. Very happy with the results.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Also on the Gulf of Mexico. Anything we should read into the potential decision for an additional Cascade appraisal well?
Dave Hager: It's an exciting project and certainly we are drilling an appraisal well right now that if successful could double the size of the field. I think BP has said if successful, it could be one of the largest if not the largest field in the Gulf of Mexico. The fact we are maybe considering an additional appraisal well just means that we like the project and we are going to keep evaluating it. That's all you can read into it.
Larry Nichols: Plunging forward.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: On the Cana play, you highlighted the 8.4 million a day IP rate and expectations for a 14 Bcfe work and I think implied in that a much shallower decline rate relative maybe what we are typically used to in some of these plays. Can you just talk a little bit about that and what you are seeing from some of the wells that have been in production for a little bit longer?
Dave Hager: Well, overall I think we can say that our IPs out there and we typically don't bring these on quite as hard as we do in some of the other areas, but we typically see IPs on the order of 5 million to 6.5 million cubic feet a day. Our EURs out there are ranging from around 6.5 Bcf to 9 Bcf per well. At those kind of numbers, it's a highly economic project.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Is there anything in a decline versus a normal 50% to 70% decline? It would seem like there seems to be a much shallower decline coming from the Cana-Woodford wells and I just wonder if that's right and if you are seeing that in the wells [30, 0:43]inaudible] that have been in production so far?
John Richels: These are always ranges, Brian. I think maybe they are on the lower ends of the range. We take your point there that the EURs as compared to the IPs are a little bit different. You have to remember that one well as we said was no what we expect to see on a regular basis. That was kind of an anomaly, that 14 million Bcf EUR well. What kind of interesting about the Cana as compared to the Woodford in Eastern Oklahoma, it's over pressured more, so it's a little bit different, some different production characteristics as well.
Vince White: I think the issue there really is that we choose not to bring these wells on at such a high rate and so that's why you are just seeing a lower overall IP to the EUR. We could bring these on, more of them at a higher rate. It's a little bit like I described in my prepared remarks on the Haynesville that we have seen some evidence that it can perhaps degrade the overall EUR, if you try to bring these wells on too hard initially. So, that's going to change your overall decline rate I think you are looking at.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And if I could just ask one last one of the two MMboe you are expecting to be deferred in the fourth quarter which I think translates to about 130 million cubic feet a day. Could you give us some sense on what the percent breakout is between what would be drilled to completed, but shut in versus drilled and not completed?
Vince White: The shut in overall is probably on the order of about half million barrels or so and more about 1.5 million barrels or so on the ones we are not completing .
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Not to beat a dead horse here, but you ask about decline rates in the Cana. Our early indications, what we are looking for 50% to 70% in the Cana Shale, as opposed to say the Haynesville where decline rates are 75% first year or greater. 50 to 75 is a big difference in terms of IP to EUR. I think it's fair to say that the early view of the Cana is lower decline rates than the Haynesville.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Rashid Rehan with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rashid Rehan - FBR Capital Markets: Any update on the data room for the lower tertiary sales?
Larry Nichols: The data room has opened, but we are not pushing that because we want to wait until the next Cascade well is down. And that's when we will really start asking for business when that data is in, so that process is ongoing satisfactorily.
Rashid Rehan - FBR Capital Markets: On the cost front, we do talk about having locked up tubulars and stuff at much higher prices and somewhat the same for rigs. If we were to reprice those two contracts, any thoughts on to what kind of savings, we could net from that, so I can think about what CapEx could look like?
Darryl Smette: As it relates to the rigs, currently it's about a 40% decrease for the rigs we have under contract to what the current market is. The number of rigs we have under contract will change as we go out, obviously some of those will move down. We currently have 30 rigs under contract that was out or down as we go in the out years. In terms of our tubulars, we would see about a 30% improvement in the 75% of the need that we have. If we were buying on the open market today, most of that surplus material will go away as we move through the rest of this year and most of it will be gone by the time we enter 2010.
Rashid Rehan - FBR Capital Markets: If there any dollar number besides these two savings and what would it add up to?
Darryl Smette: 40% on a average rig cost. It's running right now about $16,000 or $17,000. 40% above that, about $23,000, $24,000 a day.
Rashid Rehan - FBR Capital Markets: And basis differential across the board, are we seeing some benefits as time progresses and your new take away capacity.
Darryl Smette: Yes, we actually have seen a decrease in the basis differential in virtually all of the major producing areas over the last couple of months. The biggest change in basis differential just in the last month or so has been in the Rocky mountains which have been trading between dollar and a dime and $1.50, and going into this month it's actually trading between $0.30 and $0.45 cents. We've actually seen a decrease in basis, in East Texas Gulf Crossing is now on and operating about 95% capacity and that basis differential has moved from about $0.50 cents down to about $0.20 cents this morning.
Rashid Rehan - FBR Capital Markets: And your [Transfer] 85 capacity is helping in all this, right.
Darryl Smette: Absolutely. We are moving about 655 million a day on Gulf Crossing now. A majority of that right now at this moment is going to Station 85. Some of that we are dropping off at places in between but certainly helping.
Vince White: Operator, I'm showing the top of the hour. Let's make this our last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company: The completed well costs that you highlighted for in Cana, $8 million, is that a good number to use going forward? Then you sort of alluded to the returns in Cana. Can you give us some rate of return metrics in Cana and compare to it what you are seeing in the Barnett? And also maybe some guesstimate of what you expect from Haynesville, the Carthage area?
Dave Hager: Yes, first to your question on Cana for the drilling costs, yes, we are seeing on the order of $ 8 million to $9 million per well. The costs are continuing to come down with each well that we drill out there. I think around $8 million longer term is a very good number to use. In regard to the economics of Cana relative to Barnett, we are seeing as good if not slightly better economics for what we are currently drilling out in Cana as compared to the Barnett. Not to say the Barnett is not good. Obviously it hasn't changed to the negative at all.  Cana looks like it's as good or even a little better which means basically at a $4 Henry Hub, you are probably more like a 10% or so breakeven rate of return on those more normalized price at $5.50 or so. You are certainly looking at 20% to 25% rate of return at least on these type projects. We are still in the early stages of Haynesville and we are still derisking the acreage. So I think we are going to see variable and we need to understand it better before we can give you a comprehensive answer to that, but we are certainly confident in the Carthage area where we say we derisked 74,000 of our 110,000 net acres. At price environments around 550, we are getting between 20% to 25% rate of return in that area as well at the kind of costs that we are now achieving in the play where we've been able to drive drilling costs down and the kind of recoveries we are anticipating of five to six Bcf per well.
Larry Nichols: I think it's important to note that the economics that Dave's talking about are full cycle rates of return, fully loaded with our acreage costs and not go-forward drilling economics
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and ends the presentation. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - SVP of IR Larry Nichols - Chairman and CEO John Richels - President Dave Hager - EVP of Exploration and Production Darryl Smette - EVP of Marketing & Midstream
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co. Ben Dell - Bernstein Joe Allman - JPMorgan Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets Doug Leggate - Howard Weil Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's First Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Vince White: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. I'm going to begin with some preliminary comments about our first quarter results, and then I will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols for his thoughts on the quarter and the outlook for the future. Following Larry's remarks, our President, John Richels will provide a financial overview of the quarter. Then Devon's new Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, Dave Hager will review operations. We'll conclude the call in about an hour. So if we don't get to your question during the Q&A period, please feel free to follow up with us after the call. As always, we'll ask everyone to that ask a question to limit it to one question and one follow-up. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage. During the call today, we're going to update some of our 2009 forecast and estimates based on actual results for the first quarter. Since the revisions are pretty minor we are not issuing a new 8-K, but we will post those changes to our guidance on our website. If you want to find those, just click on the estimates link found in the Investor Relations section of the Devon website. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates, are forward-looking statements under US securities law and while we always attempt to be as accurate as possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates. So, we urge you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that we provide in the Form 8-K with the forecast, the last one was issued on February 4. One other compliance note, we will refer today to several non-GAAP performance measures. When we make reference to these measures we're required to make certain disclosures under securities law. Those disclosures are available on our website at devonenergy.com. Before I turn over the call to Larry, I want to comment on the non-cash impairment charge that led to the quarterly loss that we reported today. We went through this in detail in the February call, because deteriorating natural gas prices in the first quarter triggered another ceiling test write-down, it probably merits repetition of that discussion. The SEC requires companies that utilize the full-cost method of accounting and that's the one that Devon follows to implement a stringent impairment test at the end of each quarter. The test consists of comparing the net book value of our oil and gas properties less the related deferred income taxes to a calculated maximum carrying value or ceiling. The ceiling is the estimated present value of the after-tax future net cash flows from proved oil and gas properties, plus the book value of any unevaluated properties. The ceiling is calculated using oil and gas prices and costs, in effect, on the last day of the quarter, but held flat and discounted at 10% per annum. We then compare the net book value of our oil and gas properties less deferred income tax to the ceiling. Any excess is written off as expense. Based on the first quarter 2009 ceiling test calculation, we took an after-tax charge of $4.2 billion in the first quarter. This charge is almost entirely attributable to lower US natural gas prices. While oil prices improved slightly during the first quarter, natural gas prices slid significantly and our US production is roughly 75% natural gas. I'll remind you that this charge has no impact upon cash flow or cash balances and is unrelated to the intrinsic value of Devon's oil and natural gas reserves. A misconception about the full-cost ceiling test adjustment is that it results in writing off oil and gas reserves, this is not the case. The reserves estimate is independent of the ceiling test. The ceiling test adjustment is purely a financial statement event and has no impact on oil and gas reserves in the ground. The main criticism of the full-cost ceiling test has always been that it's based on oil and gas prices, in effect, at a single point in time. Because of that, price volatility can result in anomalies at the end of an accounting period that lead to an impairment charge that is not indicative of fair value. These issues have been recognized by the SEC with the recent change in the rules. Under the new rules, full-cost companies will use a 12-month trailing average oil and natural gas price rather than the prices on a single day at the end of the accounting period. Unfortunately, those rules don't take effect until the end of 2009. Had we had the new rules at the end of the first quarter, we would not have taken this non-cash charge. Unlike the test for companies using successful efforts, the full-cost ceiling test uses discounted future net cash flows based on the end of the quarter prices. This makes the test for full-cost companies more severe than the test for successful effort companies that can use undiscounted cash flows based on expected oil and gas prices. Consequently, the full-cost accounting method often results in a more conservative carrying value for oil and gas properties. While write-down impacts our balance sheet, it does not impact liquidity or compliance with our banking agreements. Devon's bank credit agreements have only one significant covenant and that is a maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio of 65%. Under the terms of our credit agreements, non-cash charges, such as the ceiling adjustment, are added back to capitalization, reflecting the fact that our banks agree that these accounting adjustments do not impact the underlying value of over business. Accordingly, for purposes of our credit agreements, our debt-to-cap ratio was 21% at March 31. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to CEO, Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter of 2009, as we all know, continued to present a very challenging environment for our industry. While oil prices did stabilize and improve somewhat, realized natural gas prices in most of North America were weak the entire quarter. In spite of these challenges, Devon had a very good quarter. Total oil and gas production was up, both on a sequential quarter basis and on a year-over-year basis. Based on our first quarter results, we are reconfirming our production guidance of somewhere between 235 million and 241 million BOE for the full year. That's the number that we gave you earlier. Our production growth was driven by record production from several fields that included the Barnett Shale, the Arkoma-Woodford Shale, Powder River Basin, all those had record production and we continued to ramp up the Jackfish, as planned, up in Canada. The earnings, before the impairment charge, were well above expectations due to higher than forecasted overall production, lower than expected operating costs, better than expected performance from marketing and midstream, and a lower than expected overall tax rate. As a result, excluding those items that analysts do not forecast, we earned $216 million or $0.48 per share in the quarter. This is about $0.20 above the first call estimates. Finally, in spite of dramatically lower oil and gas prices, we generated roughly $1 billion in cash flow from operations. Now, looking ahead, the challenging commodity price environment will likely persist through the remainder of 2009, that's been our view for sometime. In spite of significant reducing our rig count in the first quarter of this year, Devon actually increased natural gas production as a carryover from our robust activity levels in 2008. While we're confident that lower activity levels will eventually correct the oversupply situation that exists for natural gas in the United States now, and the cost will decline further, it does take time for these effects to fully manifest themselves. We have seen costs begin to decline. However, at current natural gas prices, if you hold those flat forever, almost all domestic gas drilling is still sub-economic. In light of this, we are continuing to execute the strategy we outlined at the beginning of the year. That is to decrease our activity over near-term developmental projects in North America, to continue to advance our longer-term development projects like our second Jackfish SAGD project in Canada, as well as our lower tertiary developments in the Gulf of Mexico, and to continue to drive costs lower and to maintain our strong liquidity position until we see signs of the recovery in the hydrocarbon markets. The success that we have had in the deepwater lower tertiary as well as the Jackfish SAGD projects in Canada have resulted in growing long-term development commitments. While these long-term projects provide tremendous opportunity, even for a company of Devon's size and scale, the increasing share of our budget directed to these longer-term projects effectively reduces capital available to develop our near-term portfolio, and thus limits our flexibility to adjust capital expenditures to changes in cash flow, particularly in these times of low commodity prices. For example, our current capital budget for exploration and development projects is somewhere between 3.5 billion and 4.1 billion. While we have historically devoted 10% to 15% of our capital to longer cycle time projects, today more than a third of our 2009 E&P budget is dedicated to those longer-term projects. In many ways, we're victims of our own success. We believe that it is prudent not only for current budget considerations but for future years as well to limit our capital allocation to these long-term projects. Accordingly, we're announcing today a plan to pursue a partner to participate in the lower tertiary projects in the Gulf of Mexico. We are one of the larger independent acreage holders in the play and in fact our average interest in the exploration blocks is over 50%. The benefits to a potential partner would be to obtain an interest in four significant oil discoveries, plus a share of our exploration prospect and lease inventories. Our share of the four discoveries alone represents up to a 100 million barrels of net resource. A 900 million of net resource, didn't mean to scare the whole team and everyone in one fell swoop. Let's go back to 900, the number we are giving you for a long time. So, this is a very valuable package. We believe that this opportunity will have appeal to large companies around the world. For Devon, our share of the ongoing capital commitments would be reduced, while we would of course maintain and keep a meaningful interest in the play. We expect to open a data room to potential partners within the next several weeks and we will see what kind of interest that generates. Fortunately, we are under no pressure to execute a transaction and will not part with these valuable assets in any kind of a discount. With that, I'll turn it over to John Richels. John?
John Richels: Thanks, Larry, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by looking at some of the key events and drivers that shaped our first quarter financial results and review how these factors impact our outlook for the remainder of the year. Let's begin with production. In the first quarter, we produced 61.6 million equivalent barrels or approximately 685,000 barrels per day. This exceeded the top end of our guidance range by over 2% or nearly 15,000 barrels per day. Better than expected results from Barnett Shale, lower royalty rates in Canada and restored volumes in the Gulf of Mexico provided the upside to our first quarter performance. When you compare our production results to the first quarter of 2008, you will find that company-wide volumes increased by 45,000 barrels per day or about 7%. Led by the Barnett Shale, the US onshore region grew production by 17% or 63,000 barrels per day over the same quarter a year ago. Canada also contributed significant growth of 14% year-over-year due mostly to the ramp up of production from the Jackfish SAGD project. In aggregate, Devon's North American onshore assets delivered growth of over 16% over the first quarter of 2008. The onshore growth was partially offset by lower production from the Gulf of Mexico with natural declines and curtailments due to Hurricane Ike both contributing. Our international production declined by 19,000 barrels per day when compared to last year's first quarter and that's due almost entirely to a contractual reduction last year in Devon's share of production from the ACG field in Azerbaijan. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect to produce between 61 million and 62 million barrels equivalent, essentially flat with first quarter production. Given the way our assets are performing, we feel very good about our full year production forecast. Moving on to price realizations; during the first quarter, the benchmark WTI price average $43.18 per barrel, that's a 26% decline from the fourth quarter average. Our company-wide first quarter realized oil price average $33.61 or 78% of WTI, which is right in the middle of our guidance range. That's an improvement from last quarter's average realization of 72% WTI. The most meaningful improvement to differentials was in Canada. After Canadian oil prices bottomed-out at year-end, the unusually wide differentials at December 31st improved steadily through the first quarter. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub Index declined to an average of $4.91 per Mcf during the first quarter. Our company-wide gas price realizations before hedges came in below the low end of our guidance range at approximately 76% of Henry Hub or $3.73 per Mcf. Price realizations during the quarter were especially weak in the US Rockies and Mid-Continent regions. In the first quarter, our hedges protected 277 million cubic feet per day with a weighted average floor of $8.25. Cash settlements from most hedges increased our company-wide realizations by $0.48 per Mcf, giving us an all in price including hedges of $4.21 per Mcf. Looking to the remainder of the year, we're not making any changes to our full year guidance. This reflects our expectation for US onshore differentials to tighten somewhat as the year proceeds. Turning now to our marketing and midstream division, once again it delivered solid results generating $142 million of operating profit in the first quarter. Increase throughput and lower operating costs contributed to the first quarter performance. For now, we're sticking with our guidance for full year operating profit of $375 million to $425 million. Moving now to expenses; the first quarter lease operating expenses came in the bottom half of our guidance range at $524 million or $8.50 per barrel produced. Our first quarter unit LOE rate decreased by 9% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. During the first quarter, we saw costs softened across many expense categories in most geographic regions. For the remainder of 2009, we anticipate continued downward pressure. Based on our first quarter results, we're obviously off to a good start in meeting our full-year guidance of $8.10 to $9.55 per BOE. Moving to production taxes; for the first quarter, our production taxes as a percentage of oil and gas revenues came in at 2.8%. Therefore, we expect the full-year production tax rate to be in the bottom half of our guidance range of 3.25% to 3.75%. Devon's first quarter DD&A expense for oil and gas properties, totaled $599 million or $9.72 per barrel. This was a little more than $0.50 per barrel below the low end of our forecast range. The lower than expected DD&A rate was the result of recovering reserves at our Jackfish project in Canada. You may recall that these reserves were temporarily written-off at year-end due to unusually wide oil price differentials. As oil price differentials began to normalize during the first quarter, these barrels came back on the books, and of course increasing the size of the proved reserve base without additional cost reduces unit DD&A. Looking ahead, the effects of our first quarter asset impairment will reduce our DD&A rate even further, and we now expect our full year depletion rate to be between $7.50 and $8.50 per barrel equivalent produced. Moving on to G&A expense, Devon reported first quarter G&A expense of $166 million, that's 7% decline from the fourth quarter of 2008. Looking to the remaining three quarters of the year, we will continue to focus on curtailing G&A expenditures and expect costs to decline throughout the year. For 2008, we're targeting a 10% reduction in full year G&A. Shifting to interest expense, the first quarter came in at $83 million, right in line with our expectations. When compared to the first quarter of 2008, reported interest expense decreased by 19%. Lower interest rates and decreased long-term debt balances drove our positive year-over-year comparison. The final item I want to touch on is income taxes. After backing out the impact of the special items, our adjusted first quarter income tax rate was 18% of pre-tax earnings, which is composed of a 1% current tax rate and a 17% deferred tax rate. This was well below the guidance because of two main drivers. First, jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the US primarily Canada, contributed a higher than anticipated portion of total first quarter earnings. Second, we recognized a $24 million reduction to current tax expense when a contingent tax liability was resolved to our benefit during the first quarter. Without the $24 million tax benefit, our adjusted tax rate would have been 27%. So, we anticipate income tax rates to be within our full year guidance ranges for the remainder of 2009. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to conclude with a quick review of cash flow and liquidity. In the first quarter of 2009, Devon's cash flow before balance sheet changes totaled $988 million. During the quarter, we funded approximately $1.3 billion of exploration and production capital or about one-third of our total E&P capital budget for 2009. This is right in line with our expectations as we wound down operations in the field throughout the quarter and completed our winter drilling program in Canada. Non-E&P capital demands and payment of dividends brought total first quarter capital demands to about $1.6 billion or roughly $600 million in excess of first quarter cash flow. However, total debt increased by about $1.1 billion, reflecting a significant reduction in other current liabilities during the quarter. When we outlined our full year 2009 capital budget, we were assuming full year average benchmark prices of $45 for oil and $5.50 for natural gas, yielding cash flow of about $1 billion less than our 2009 capital demands. If natural gas prices remain at sub $4 levels that shortfall will grow. In this uncertain economic environment, we believe that maintaining liquidity is paramount and we have many options at our disposal. These include reducing our exposure to long-term projects as, Larry already mentioned, divesting non-core properties or given that we have one of the strongest balance sheets in our peer group as a last resort we could access to public debt markets. Despite the challenging business conditions, we exited March with a very strong liquidity position of $2.7 billion of available cash and unused credit facilities. With a debt-to-cap ratio of only 21% as calculated under the terms of our bank credit agreements, with total debt per proven BOE of just $2.85 and with our commitment to maintaining a conservative financial profile, we continue to operate our business from a position of considerable financial strengths. At this point, I'll introduce Dave Hager, Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production. Dave has more than 25 years of industry experience and I know that many of you already know him. Dave is not a newcomer to Devon. He's been a member of our board of directors and we're delighted that he agreed to join the management team to head up our exploration and production activities. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave for an update on operations. Dave?
Dave Hager: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin my part of the review, I'd just like to comment on how pleased I am to be part of the Devon team. This is an outstanding company with high quality people, strong values, and great assets. I will begin with a quick recap of company-wide drilling activity. Throughout the first quarter, we tapered our rig count and by the end of March, we had just 30 Devon operated rigs running. This is about the level of activity we expect to maintain for the remainder of 2009. In the first quarter, we drilled 451 wells. Of those, 30 were classified as exploratory, of which 93% were successful. The remaining 421 wells were classified as development, of which 99% were successful. As John mentioned, capital expenditures for exploration production were $1.3 billion in the first quarter. We gradually reduced activity during the first quarter, so our first quarter capital does not fully reflect the extent of the reduced activity. On the cost side of the equation, we have seen deflation across many of our operating areas in the range of 10% to 15% since the beginning of the year. The amount of cost reduction we are able to realize varies by operating area and the extent of any pre-existing contracts for goods and services. For example, in the Barnett, despite having long-term contracts for rigs and pipe significant reductions in frac cost has still allowed us to realize a 15% to 20% savings and the total cost of drilling and completing Barnett well. Company-wide, we expect to see our costs fall another 10% to 20% on average by the end of the year, as service costs continue to respond to lower commodity prices. Moving now to our quarterly operations highlight, we’ll start with the Barnett Shale field in North Texas. We are currently running eight Devon operated rigs compared with a peak of 39 rigs in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, we brought 122 Barnett wells online. Our net production in the Barnett reached an all-time high of 1.2 Bcf equivalent per day in the first quarter, a 1% increase over the fourth quarter of 2008. This reflects the lag between reduced drilling activity and lower production. We now expect our net Barnett production to crest some time during the second quarter before beginning an anticipated decline. However, when it makes sense to resume a high level of activity, we expect to continue production growth. In the Woodford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma's Arkoma Basin, we are running three operated rigs and will continue at that pace for the remainder of 2009. We are achieving outstanding per well recoveries from our long lateral horizontals. In the first quarter, we brought 11 operated wells on line with an average IP rate of 7.4 million cubic feet per day. These IP's point out how our results in the Woodford have improved over time. In late 2007 for comparison, we are achieving per well IPs of about 2 million to 4 million per day. Devon’s net production in the play climb to an average of 79 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the first quarter, up 23% from the fourth quarter average and nearly triple the first quarter 2008 rate. In our recently announced Cana Woodford Shale play in Western Oklahoma, Devon has established the industry's largest lease position with 109,000 net acres. We currently have four operated rigs running. Much like we did in the early days of the Barnett, we are focused on drilling wells across our Cana acreage to fully evaluate and to de-risk the resource. Production history from our 28 long lateral horizontals drilled to-date indicate ultimate recoveries between 5.5 and 9 Bcf per well. Also impressive is an early indication that initial decline rates could be as low as 50% in the first year. We need more drilling and production history, but early results look outstanding. Our first quarter net production from Cana averaged 24 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day. Another objective in the Cana is to establish production to hold key acreage with 5 Tcf equivalent of net risk resource potential on our existing Cana acreage. We're eager to continue evaluating the play so that when natural gas prices rebound, we are well positioned to move into full scale development. Cana economics are enhanced by a liquid rich gas with as much as 1300 MMBtu per Mcf in some areas. To capture this additional value, we are building a 200 million cubic feet per day processing facility scheduled for startup in early 2011. Shifting to the Haynesville Shale, I'll remind you that Devon has about 570,000 net acres in the greater Haynesville trend, roughly equally divided between Texas and Louisiana. The highest rate wells drilled to-date by the industry have been in an apparent sweet spot in Louisiana near the intersection of Red River, Bossier and DeSoto Parishes. These wells tend to come on at high rates, some at more than 20 million per day and then decline very quickly as much as 85% in the first year with reported recoveries of approximately 7.5 Bcf per well. We own the minerals under most of our acreage in eastern Louisiana and much of the acreage in Texas is held by production. So, for the majority of our acreage, we don't face near-term lease expiration issues. The order of attack in evaluating our Haynesville position is dependent upon a variety of factors, including where we have existing infrastructure, where we have lease expiration issues and where acreage we view as most perspective. To-date, we have drilled five Haynesville Shale horizontal wells, all in our Carthage area of East Texas. As we previously reported, the first two wells suffered casing failures, but we solved those problems in the next three wells which we completed during the first quarter. These three wells had average IPs of about 5 million a day. We brought these wells on very cautiously, choking them back to avoid the casing problems we encountered in the first two wells. While we're not implying these wells could have the IPs that the rates encountered in the Louisiana sweet spot we believe these lower IPs are conservative. In addition based upon early production data, we believe these wells have shower decline rates. Ultimate recoveries in the Carthage area are expected to range from 5 to 8 Bcf per well. It is in the early days in the evaluation of the play and we expect our results to improve as we gain additional experience as they did in the Barnett and Woodford. However, the results in this area indicate that we have repeatable economically attractive play under a normalized price environment on our 110,000 net acres in this part of the Carthage acreage position. We also have a very good acreage position in the southern part of the play, which lies south where most wells have been drilled to-date. We have 47,000 net acres in Sabine Parish, Louisiana and the contiguous counties of Sabine, San Augustine, and Nacogdoches in Texas. While Devon has not yet drilled in this part of the play, the technical data indicates this could be a very perspective area. We plan to drill up to five additional Haynesville Shale wells in the remainder of 2009, including at least one well to test our acreage south of Carthage. Southwest of Carthage at Groesbeck, we brought four high rate Bossier sand horizontal wells in the Nan-Su-Gail field in the first quarter. All four wells IPed that raise in excess of 10 million cubic feet of gas per day. Most notably is the new Neal B 14H that IPed at 23 million a day, and the Hill 17H at 19 million cubic feet per day. These wells helped drive our net first quarter production at Groesbeck to a record 107 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day, up 24% from the first quarter of 2008. Moving to the Rockies in the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, our net production averaged a record 118 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent per day in the first quarter, up 23% year-over-year. We ran two rigs throughout the first quarter and drilled 10 operated wells. Both of these high efficiency rigs are under long-term contract and will continue to drill in the Washakie area this year. In the Powder River Basin of Wyoming, our net production averaged a record 114 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent per day in the first quarter, up 44% compared to the first quarter of 2008. Because coalbed methane natural gas production increases as the wells dewater, we are now seeing the production ramp up from our aggressive Big George drilling program in 2008. Now shifting to the Gulf of Mexico, we continued appraisal on development work on our four deepwater discoveries and the deepwater lower tertiary trend in the first quarter. At Jack and St. Malo, appraisal drilling carried out in the second half of 2008 provided valuable data for our resource estimates and facility designs. The partners are considering approval of a joint development concept for the two discoveries and begun front-end engineering and design work for the development in anticipation of the sanctioning decision next year. Devon has 25% working interest in both Jack and St. Malo. At Cascade, our 50% owned development with Petrobras, the project is progressing well. In the first quarter, we drilled a Cascade #3 well on the upthrown side of a known fault and off structure to test the reservoir limits and further refine our resource estimate. The Cascade #3 successfully encountered good quality sands with thickness consistent with expectations, but without economically recoverable hydrocarbons. The well was designed to penetrate an oil water contact and then be side track up structure for producing take point. Although the upthrown fault block continues to have up structure potential, we changed directions and are now drilling a lower risk well and close proximity to the existing wellbore on the downthrown side of the fault. The Cascade #4 is currently drilling and will be completed as the first producing well, with the second producing well to follow shortly thereafter. The FPSO is on track to arrive in the Gulf from Singapore in the first quarter of 2010. Installation work for the subsea equipment has begun and remained on schedule for first production from Cascade in mid-2010. At Kaskida, the largest of our four lower tertiary discoveries, appraisal drilling operations on the Keathley Canyon 291 #1 well continued on after a brief drilling delay for rig modifications. Devon and co-owner BP are considering drilling an additional appraisal well next year, with a possible production test to follow. Devon has a 30% working interest in Kaskida. Moving now to Canada; at our 100% Devon-owned Jackfish thermal oil project in eastern Alberta, well and reservoir performance continues to lead the industry. In March, we were injecting steam in all 24 well pairs and our daily production hit a peak rate of 28,000 barrels per day. For the first quarter, production average 21,000 barrels per day, up 29% over the fourth quarter of 2008. We remain on track to hit 35,000 barrels per day later this year. At our look-alike project Jackfish 2 construction continues on schedule. During the second quarter, we will focus on completing the construction camp and transporting plant modules to the site. In the Horn River Basin of Northern Columbia, we drilled the first of two planned horizontal wells in the first quarter as we continue to evaluate this play. A second horizontal well has reached total depth now and these wells will be completed later this year. Moving to Brazil; late last year we took possession of the deepwater discovery drillship under a long-term contract. The rigs first stop was in Barreirinhas Basin of the northern coast of Brazil to drill an exploratory prospect on the BM BAR-3. Although the well encountered hydrocarbons, it was non-commercial and has been plugged and abandoned. The rig has now moved 80 miles to the southeast to the [Arkagi] prospect located on Block BM-BAR-1. Like the BAR-3, this prospect is also high risk. Petrobras is the operator and Devon has a 25% working interest. Following the BAR-1 well, the rig will drill one well for another operator before moving to the Campos Basin in the fourth quarter to drill a very exciting pre-salt prospect on block BM-C-32. Devon will operate the well with a 40% interest. We will also be participating later this year in a pre-salt well in Campos Basin on Block BM-C-35. Devon will have a 35% working interest and is Petrobras operated prospect. This concludes the operations update. At this point, I'm going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vince White: Thanks, Dave. Operator, we're ready for the first question. We will remind you that we are asking you to hold your questions to one question and one follow-up.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: When you considered selling long-lead time projects or doing a joint venture, seeking a partner, how were you thinking or did you think about the returns and risks of the lower tertiary versus the oil sands at least the Jackfish as the potentiality alternative source of proceeds? Or are you explicitly choosing one over the other, should we read anything into that?
Larry Nichols: Well, first, we are not selling. We're looking for a partner. It's not a sale per se. We will maintain a continuing interest in that project. The problem is just the scope. Both of those projects are very successful, but the amount of capital that's required in the lower tertiary is significantly larger over the next several years than the capital required in Jackfish. As the sole operator and sole owner of Jackfish, we have greater capacity to control the timing of that. So they're both very good projects. They obviously have very different characteristics, but they're both very attractive projects.
John Richels: Brian, it really is not a question of, this is not a return related question. As Larry said, when you look at the capital profile in the deepwater project, we're in the fortunate position of having a lot of success there. Those capital demands just continue to increase in 2010, 2011, 2012, so it's more related to that.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Thank you.
Larry Nichols: In an essence, Jackfish 1 is funding the cash flow requirements for Jackfish 2. So, we have already primed the pump so to speak up there.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Thank you. My follow-up, I appreciate the color on the various plays and drilling results. Could you speak to the well costs that you're seeing, particularly in your various Haynesville areas and Groesbeck as well in the Woodford?
Dave Hager: Yes, I can address that. Currently, on the Haynesville wells, our first wells cost up on the order of 11 million to 12 million. Our most recent well is down around $9 million. We believe that we're going to be able to continue to drive those well costs down, just as we have historically in the Barnett and other resource type plays. If you look up in the Northridge area, our average drilling complete there is somewhere in the order of $6 million to $7 million, Cana on the order of $8 million to $10 million, of course Barnett we're down around $3 million or so drill to complete costs.
Larry Nichols: For those of you that don't know the Northridge area is our area of focus in the Oklahoma Woodford Shale.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ellen Hannan from Weeden & Co. Please proceed.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Thank you. In terms of the costs on your Jackfish 2 project, with the declines in costs that we have seen across construction industries, commodities etcetera. Has the cost to develop that second project come down materially, was my first question? My follow-on, if you will, is getting back to the Gulf of Mexico, how much of the percentage would you be comfortable selling down and do you give up any operatorship there?
John Richels: Ellen, let me, on the first question, on Jackfish 2, we are seeing those costs come down somewhat. But there's a good chunk of that that was committed last year already, as we can appreciate, long-lead time items like the boilers and the turbines are things that we ordered early on and even some of the steel. So, some of that was locked in. What we're really seeing is that the cost of some of the services that we're contracting are coming down and of course we're getting a lot better access to labor. We're building a project that we're pretty sure is going to come on, on schedule and with the highest quality services. So, it is coming down a bit. We had talked about the fact that that was going to be about $1 billion project for us and we're still kind of in that range.
Larry Nichols: I might also add that we're benefiting from the Canadian/US dollar exchange rate which has improved.
John Richels: Right. Certainly, that exchange rate has come down, you will remember from about parity a year ago to somewhere it's been fluctuating a little over $0.80.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: The second part of the question was percentage we would be willing to sell down in the deepwater Gulf and would we give up any operatorship?
Larry Nichols: In some of those projects, obviously there already is an operator, BP or Chevron, and so that probably wouldn't affect operatorship at all going forward on some of the undeveloped projects. We own over 50% of those. So, I really don't see that affecting operatorship. In terms of how much we might negotiate in and that's really hard to tell, it depends on what the terms are, but I certainly don't see us giving up any more than 50% as an absolute maximum. It's a hard number. I almost hesitate to say that because the headline is Devon to sell 50%, it probably won't be that much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Dell from Bernstein. Please proceed.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: I guess, my first question was around some of the commentary you made on the Haynesville. When you look sort of further out 5 to 10 years' time, what you believe the Haynesville could contribute to your volumes? And I guess the second question I had was on the EUR that you mentioned, what sort of second year, third year, and fourth year decline would you need to see to make that number achievable?
Larry Nichols: Well, as far as how much it's going to contribute over the long term, we're so early on in the evaluation of the play. We have five wells across our 570,000 acres that we have in the play that is really difficult to give a characteristic. We know we have a very large resource in place underneath our acreage. We really need to get more penetrations across the larger span of our acreage before we really feel confident saying too much on how much can ultimately contribute. We're excited with what we have seen so far, but it's just very early on to say how much it may ultimately contain. Regarding the declines, as I mentioned in the remarks we are seeing somewhat flatter declines we think in the area that we are at and you may see areas where there have been higher IP's on wells. Those declines we anticipate we will continue to shallow out in years two, three and four. I don't have an exact number for you. Frankly, it's very early for us to be able to determine. Most of our wells have only been on the order of 30 to 90 days. So, our early indications are as I said we're confident ultimately in the 5 Bcf to 8 Bcf is achievable in the Carthage area.
Ben Dell - Bernstein: Okay. And I guess, I'm not sure this counts as a follow-up. But, if you do sell down in the lower tertiary as you plan, what would you do with your rig commitments? Do you have plans to reduce your rig commitments or are you looking to sell those with the acreage or with the positions?
Larry Nichols:  Well, we're evaluating our rig position right now. As most of you know, we do have two deepwater rigs in the Gulf of Mexico and one is working for us in Brazil. We do think that there is a possibility that we may need one less of those rigs, and so we're in discussions with various companies out there about possible farm out arrangements on one of the rigs. So, it's not an absolute necessity that we do this, but we think that from a cost management standpoint and able to control or not be obliged to force our exploration program to move quicker than we would be comfortable, it would probably be better to move one of those rigs out. So, we're in discussion with various companies on that issue right now.
John Richels: I'll remind you Ben that we've talked before about the fact that we fortunately have these rigs at very advantages day rates, compared to many of the rigs that have been on the markets. So we don't really see any issue if we decide to move that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Allman from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Thank you, good morning everybody.
Larry Nichols: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Just clarification on the CapEx could you just again state what’s your CapEx right now and has that changed from the prior CapEx?
John Richels: We have not changed our estimate on CapEx for the year. We had talked range of CapEx $3.5 billion to $4.1 billion so…
J. Larry Nichols: That's for the EMP piece and some mid-stream and corporate capital and dividends that will also present capital demands but they're all currently inline with our previous forecast, Joe. No changes.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. Got you. And then just in the Gulf of Mexico besides the lower tertiary activity was there anything else that went on in the first quarter?
Dave Hager: No significant activity outside of the lower tertiary. So we.. no.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. All right. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid from FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets: Good morning. On your take away capacity from the Barnett Shale area, could you talk about kind of where we are in terms of incremental [FT] capacity and how that's going to play out for the rest of the quarter?
Darryl Smette: Yeah, this is Darryl Smette and I'll answer that. As we have said we currently have about 1.2 Bcf of production that's coming out of the Barnett. Devon has a substantial amount of gathering capacity there along with two gas processing plants. And so between the gathering capacity that we have and plus the gathering capacity we have under contract with third parties, we have about 1.4, 1.5 Bcf of gathering capacity out of there now without impression or additional line use.. As we take gas away from the Barnett, we currently have in place about 1.2 Bcf a day of firm transport and about another 300 million a day of contracts with end use consumers that have firm transport. So right now we're at about 1.5 Bcf takeaway capacity out of the Barnett.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets: And this 1.2 of firm transport, Darryl, what was it at the beginning of the year and are you taking this to Transco 85 all the way?
Darryl Smette: We do have a long-term commitment on Gulf crossing that will move gas to Transco 85. That pipeline while it’s operational now, it's not up to maximum capacity. Currently we're moving about 350 million a day on that pipeline. We have firm transportation on that system of 700 million a day. The total capacity available to Devon up to 700 million should be available we think mid-June to maybe mid-July.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Darryl Smette: I might just add that on that Gulf South we also have the ability to move gas from Woodford Shale area and our Carthage Haynesville play too. So we could use that firm capacity for all three of those plays.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets: So we should see good material improvement and realized prices.
Darryl Smette: I think you will see, you will see differentials as those capacities is available and we see the additional pipelines being built out there. Once that capacity is available not only from Gulf crossing but some of the other, the [The Canadian] Morgan line. I think you will see differential shrink and shrink substantially, you've already seen it. If you look at the first quarter of this your differentials is about $0.80 in the Carthage area, in the last two months that's been down to about $0.35 to $0.40 You’ve already seen differential strength $0.40 to $0.50.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Howard Weil. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil:  Couple things. First of all on production guidance when you last spoke to us you suggested flat versus last year But the first half was -- the guidance was $6.60 to $6.70. You're now suggesting I guess 685 thereabouts as the average for the first half of the year. So, are we really expecting not much of a decline in the second half or are you thinking that things are looking a little better relative to 2008 at this point.
Vincent White: Doug, this is Vince. Obviously the first quarter was a little better than we expected so the assets are performing well. Still a lot of the year in front of us and as Dave mentioned we're winding down drilling activity in the first quarter. We want to see another quarter of history before we draw any conclusions about where in the range we have put out we will be or consider changing the range.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Okay. Related question, Vince from the mid-stream guidance, pretty strong quarter in Q1 relative to the guidance of the year, so again same kind of question are we looking to move that guidance higher or how are you feeling about that right now?
Darryl Smette: Yeah, this is Darryl, and I'll take that one. Right now we're keeping our guidance where we have had it previously. Kind of echoing what Vince said, one of the things we're looking to see is how our wells continue to perform. If our wells continue to perform above expectation then we would probably increase that range in terms of what mid-stream will do. But since a lot of our gas goes through facilities that are mid-stream known, and if that production would decline then the range we gave you are probably pretty good number.
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: If I could quick follow-up on the Gulf of Mexico, on the lower tertiary sales are there any preemption rights with your partners there, and that's it for me.
Vincent White: No, the answer to that's no
Doug Leggate - Howard Weil: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from The Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Guys, good morning. Just a point of clarification on the partner issue, if you would. Can I assume that the middle lower Miocene properties are not included, Larry, and you stated intent here?
Larry Nichols: No, it's the lower tertiary, that's where the capital requirements are and as we have said in the early part the goal is to rebalance our capital expenditures, our long-term goal has been to have 10% to 15% of our capital budget in these long-term projects. That's where we have been for a very long time, many, many years and we think that's the right place for us to be when we want to get back to that.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: If I could just follow up with respect to the Barnett, Dave traditionally companies utilize about a 20% in place assumed over life recovery rate. I'm wondering about your thoughts on that in the context of the potential number of 10 acre locations that you have defined up to this point?
Vincent White: This is Vince, I'll take a stab at that. It's not really an easy question, because our recovery rates across our expansive acreage position vary a lot depending on the specific local area that you're in. And so we've used a risk approach, there's large portions of our acreage that we think can be down-spaced significantly and in fact we drilled a lot of infill wells during the first quarter with very good results. But to draw the different conclusion about our overall expected recovery of the gas in place over our vast position, I just don't think we're there.
John Richels:  Mark, another way to answer your question is last year I think last on March 28th of 2008 we gave an overall resource evaluation of the Barnett Shale and I think if you look back at that or get with Vince I think it will give you a pretty good handle on how we are evaluating the potential of the various down-spacing opportunities in the overall Barnett shale and our evaluation has not changed significantly since that presentation.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Dave, if I could just ask how many 10 acre locations do you have at this point being identified?
Dave Hager: I actually think we provided some detail on that in that resource update. I'll get with you offline on that Mark, and we can …
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: I don't think so, but please do. Okay.
Dave Hager: But first of your question is really important, and that is while we did hit a record peak in the first quarter for the Barnett with only eight rigs running, we expect that to flatten and decline a little bit. But the resource we have there is still there. And once we get back to being really active we are by no means finished with our drilling in the Barnett shale.
John Richels: In fact Mark you might remember, that we when we provided our resource update, we indicated that we have 7,500 identified undrilled locations in the Barnett Shale, so to go to Larry's point there's a lot of drilling potential there. Those are a variety of different types of wells, not all 10 acre in fill wells obviously but there are many years of drilling left for us on our acreage.
Dave Hager: Not to beat it to death, but in some acres 10 acres will work, in others areas 10 acres may not work as well. So, I think you need to look at it as overall resource evaluation. I think we gave a pretty good evaluation on that March 28th report. But you can get with Vince, if you need more details.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen from Tudor Pickering Holt. Please proceed.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Morning, guys. Had a question on your future development cost $9.3 billion that has 2 billion of abandonment. How much that is for the lower tertiary.
Larry Nichols: We don't have at our fingertips, that's not something that we would mind disclosing at all, we just don't have the details of our abandonment cost in front of us.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Not your abandonment cost, the development cost. Just trying to get an idea of what type of capital commitment you have in your four discoveries already?
Dave Hager: I can give you an idea David on for the next few years we're seeing capital needs on the order of 800 million to $1 billion dollars or so per year for the four lower tertiary discoveries that we currently have. And that's just over the next three to four year type timeframe. I don't have total numbers and exact total number for you David. But that will give you an idea of what we're looking at.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: So a significant percentage of your total then, that's useful. The other question is an assumption it seems like on the call that you're going to sell for cash or joint venture for cash, would you swap prospects, are you looking to do anything along those lines or is it just purely reducing interest and trying to garner some dollars?
Larry Nichols:  We would certainly consider swaps, those are exceedingly difficult to do. But consistent with what we said the objective is. And the objective is not to generate short-term immediate cash, we have no real pressure there. The short-term, the objective is really to reduce the long-term capital commitment and get it back in line with the overall budget. We really just had more success there than we have the cash flow to go forward with. So we would certainly consider a swap, or just a pure format.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom Gardner from Simmons & Company.
Vincent White:  This will be the last question that we have time for in the call.
Operator: And the final question comes from the line of Tom Gardner from Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Yeah, I just wanted to get some more resolution on your ceiling test write down, was the reduction all allocated to the US calculation or was it spread across additional countries in which you operate?
Larry Nichols: It was substantially all in the US.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Okay. And just following up with some well economic questions if you will. Specifically the Cana, Woodford Shale. Can you give us an idea of what is going on with respect to the fact that the initial rate to EUR seems to be a little atypical for shale? What are you seeing there, what sort of long-term gas price do you need to make this an attractive development for Devon?
Dave Hager: Well, again we are seeing strong overall EURs on this, a little bit shallow or decline on the Cana than we have seen in some of the other areas. In general, we feel a breakeven gas price on an [NPV 10] basis is approximately $4 per Mcf for the Cana.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company: Good. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Vincent White: Thank you. As they pointed out and we try to limit this to one hour, so thank you very much. We think we had a good quarter and looking forward to the rest of this year. Take care.
Operator: This concludes the presentation for today. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vincent W. White - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations J. Larry Nichols - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Richels - President Stephen J. Hadden - Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production Darryl G. Smette - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Midstream
Analysts: Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt Ben Dell - Stanford Bernstein Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group Joseph Allman - J.P. Morgan Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vincent W. White: Thank you. Good morning everyone. And welcome to call. I'm going to begin with a few preliminary comments and then turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols. He will provide an overview of 2008 and his thoughts on the year ahead. Following Larry's remarks, our President, John Richels will recap our reserves activity and provide a 2008 financial review and 2009 financial outlook. And then Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, Steve Hadden, will cover fourth quarter operating highlights. We'll conclude the call in about an hour. So if we don't get to your question at the Q&A period, please feel free to follow-up after the call and as always, we'll ask anybody asking a question to limit it to one question and one follow-up. A replay of today's call will be available later through a link on our home page at devonenergy.com. Also later today, we will file a Form 8-K as we customarily do, to provide the forecast data for 2009. This 8-K has detailed estimates for 2009 production by product and geographic region, expense estimates and expected realized prices relative to benchmarked oil and gas prices. The 8-K will also provide details of our 2009 capital plans, and we'll be providing a lot of this information on the call as well. Before we get to the business of the quarter, we are obligated to remind you that the discussions of our expectations, plans, forecast and estimates are all considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always make every effort to provide you with the very best estimates possible, there are a lot of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates. For a discussion of the risk factors that could influence those results, I am referring you to our Form 8-K that I mentioned that we'll be filling later today. One final compliance item, we will make reference in the call today to various non-GAAP performance measures and when we provide these measures, we're also required to provide certain related disclosures; those have been posted to the Devon website as well. Before I turn the call over to Larry, I want to comment on the non-cash impairment charge that led to the fourth quarter loss that we reported today. You may already be aware that the SEC requires companies that utilize the full cost method of accounting to implement a stringent impairment test at the end of each quarter. For those of you that are not familiar with the full cost ceiling test, I want to spend a few minutes on the mechanics. The test consists of comparing the net book value of oil and gas properties less related deferred income taxes to a calculated maximum carrying value or ceiling. The ceiling is the estimated present value of the after-tax future net cash flow from our proved oil and gas properties plus the book value of any unevaluated properties. The ceiling is calculated using oil and gas prices and costs in effect at December 31st, held flat forever and discounted at a 10% per annum rate. The company then compares the net book value of its oil gas properties less deferred income taxes to the ceiling. Any excess is written off as expense. It's worth noting that unlike the test for companies using successful efforts accounting, the full cost ceiling test uses discounted feature of cash flows based on end of the quarter prices. This makes the test for full cost companies much more severe than the test for successful effort companies who use undiscounted cash flows based on their expected oil and gas prices rather than the last day of the year prices. Consequently, the full cost accounting method may result... often result in a more conservative carrying value for oil and gas properties. Based on the fourth quarter 2008 ceiling test calculations we took an after-tax charge of 7.1 billion in the fourth quarter. That's made up of a 10.4 billion reduction in the recorded value or book value of our oil and gas properties offset by a deferred tax benefit of 3.3 billion. The 7.1 billion net of tax write-down comprises 4.2 billion in the U.S., 2.5 billion in Canada and a little under a half billion in the international sector, primarily in Brazil. After deducting this charge from our fourth quarter results, we reported a net loss for the quarter. Remind you that this charge is completely cash neutral. It has no impact on cash flow or cash balances. One misconception about the full cost ceiling test adjustment is that it results in writing-off oil and gas reserves. That is not the case. The reserves estimate is independent of the ceiling test. The ceiling test adjustment is purely a financial statement event that has no impact on oil and gas reserves on the ground. The main criticism of the full cost ceiling test has long been that it's based on oil and gas prices and costs and effective at single point in time. Oil and natural gas price volatility can result in anomalies at the end of an accounting period, leading to a large impairment charge that is not indicative of a fair value. This volatility is illustrated by the fact that when we did the ceiling test at the end of the third quarter of 2008, that is at September 30th, we had a ceiling test cushion of 4 billion after tax. Just three months later, the calculated ceiling has swung down 11 billion to generate the 7.1 billion after-tax adjustment that we took at December 31st, 2008. These issues have now been recognized by the SEC with the recent change in the rules, moving to using average oil and natural gas prices rather than prices on a singe day of the year. Unfortunately the new rules do not take effect until the end of 2009. Had the new rules been in effect at December 31st, 2008 Devon would not have taken this non-cash charge. While the write-down affects our balance sheet, it does not affect liquidity or compliance with our banking agreements. Devon's bank credit agreements have only one significant covenant and that is a maximum debt to capitalization ratio of 65%. Under the terms of these agreements, non-cash charges are added back to the capitalization reflecting the fact that our banks agreed that these accounting adjustments do not impact the underlying value of our business. Accordingly, for purposes of our credit agreements, our debt to cap was less than 20% at year end. When you exclude the ceiling test write-down and the other items that analysts do not attempt to forecast we earned 297 million in the fourth quarter and 4.4 billion for the full year. The mean First Call estimate for the fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.05. That compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.67 per share. When examining our guidance versus actual results for the quarter, lower price realizations and a higher DD&A rate... DD&A rate account for most of the earnings miss. And while earnings per share came in well below the mean estimate, actual cash flow significantly exceeded the average of the Street estimates. At this point I'm going to turn the call over to CEO and Chairman, Larry Nichols.
J. Larry Nichols: Thanks Vince and good morning everyone. Well 2008 (ph) was really the best year in our history from many operational standpoints and these are the important ones that we'll recap going forward. First, we increased oil and gas production by 6% to 238 million BOE, generating a record oil and gas sales of more than 13 billion. We added 584 million barrels equivalent with the drill-bit, excluding price provisions and that's at the top end of our forecast range. It means we replaced nearly 2.5 times our 2008 production; very good results. When adjusted for items that analysts do not forecast, earnings were record 4.4 billion in 2008 or $9.91 per diluted share. Cash flow before balance sheet changes increased 31% to an all time high of 9.6 billion. As you know we substantially completed our African divestiture program during the year, generating pre-tax proceeds of nearly 3 billion. We drilled a record 2,441 wells with a 98% success rate and that includes 659 wells in the Barnett Shale where we increased production by 31% over 2007. That's very good production growth. We steadily ramped up at Jackfish, our oil sand project in Canada, reaching a record 22,000 barrels per day on a way to 35,000 barrels per day. We added some 800,000 net undeveloped acreage to our lease inventory positioned in us with more than 1.4 million net acreage in four emerging unconventional gas plays. Marketing and midstream business delivered another year of solid results reaching 668 million in operating profits. And we finished the year in a very strong financial position with net debt to adjusted cap to 24%, cash on hand of $379 million. And very early in January last month, we increased our unused capacity on our credit lines to more than 3 billion. So we're in good financial condition. Just over three months ago, Devon reported the largest quarterly earnings in our history. In contrast, in the fourth quarter as a result of the ceiling test write-down, we reported our largest ever quarterly loss. We could debate the merits and nuances of full cost accounting, but it's important to remember that Devon's underlining assets have not been diminished one iota. We still own the same high quality properties with the same oil and gas resources in the ground. It's only this accounting valuation that has changed. In fact, as Vince mentioned, under the new rules, it will take effect later this year, we would not have announced any write-down today at all. In tough economic times like this, it's tempting to get caught up in the present and to believe that markets will never improve. We know from experience that they will. The long term supply and demand fundamentals for oil and natural gas remain compelling. Oil production growth and modernization will continue to challenge world's industry ability to quench the thirst for energy. Both developing and developed economies will recover and today's oversupplies will be absorbed. The only constant in this business is volatility. And 2008 presented us with some remarkable reminders. Our response to the current environment is to dramatically cut our capital expenditures. We are budgeting exploration and development capital of somewhere between 3.5 billion to 4.1 billion for 2009. This is less than half our 2008 investment in exploration and development. With the addition of marketing and midstream, a non-oil and gas capital, capitalized interest and G&A, we are forecasting the total 2009 capital expenditures will be between 4.6 to 5.4 billion. Assuming an average of benchmark prices of $45 WTI and 550 for Henry Hub gas, our 2009 capital budget will require a difference in spending of about $1 billion. Our philosophy has always been dilute roughly within our cash flow, and we clearly will not continue to spend at this rate in future years without some improvement in oil and gas prices. However, in order to preserve our business and maintain the level of momentum that will allow us to take advantage of stronger prices when markets do recover, we believe it is prudent to use our balance sheet strength to fund this additional $1 billion of spending in 2009. If we do see further price weakness in 2009, we'll make further cuts in the future. We are dramatically decreasing our activity across most of our near-term developmental projects in North America. We will continue activity at a rate that will keep us in the game, but at a far lower level than 2008. We see no reason at all to accelerate our natural gas production in this weak natural gas market. However, we are going to continue the momentum of some of our longer-term growth projects that will position us to bring on new production when oil and gas prices do recover and demand does recover. We are continuing to fund Jackfish 2, and the evaluation and development of our Lower Tertiary assets in the Gulf of Mexico. We will also move forward with evaluation and de-risking of our very sizeable acreage positions in some of the emerging shale plays, including the Haynesville and Horn River. This decrease in development drilling will impact our oil and gas production. The Form 8-K that we're filing today will forecast that full year 2009 production will be essentially flat with that of 2008. We are fortunate that Devon is positioned to withstand the downturn in global economy and the resulting weaknesses in oil and gas prices. Strength of our balance sheet, the quality of oil and gas properties position us to emerge from the current position, in the current environment and prosper into the future. This point I'll turn the call over to John Richels to cover our year-end reserves. John?
John Richels: Thank you, Larry, and good morning everyone. The first area I'm going to cover is our 2008 reserves activity which is summarized in the table in today's new release. Staring with drill-bit reserve additions, and we define drill-bit additions as net discoveries, expansions and performance revisions. These came in at 584 million BOEs. This is above the top of our forecast range and about 2.5 times our 2008 production. When compared with drill bit capital of $9 billion which includes capitalized interest and G&A, our F&D results should be quite competitive with the industry. The most significant reserve growth area was the U.S. onshore where we added 416 million BOEs with the drill bit at a cost of $5.5 billion. The additions were nearly three times our U.S. onshore production of 146 million BOEs, Barnett Shale was again the most important contributor to reserve additions accounting for about two-thirds of those additions. The next largest contributor was East Texas where Carthage and Groesbeck areas combined added 45 million BOEs. This was followed closely by reserve additions in Oklahoma of 43 million BOEs which included 21 million BOEs in our new Cana play that Steve will talk about later on in the call. Drill bit additions of 17 million BOE offshore in the U.S. slightly exceeded production. The cost per barrel analysis of our offshore isn't really very meaningful because we are investing significant capital and appraisal and development operations on our four Lower Tertiary discoveries, but we have not yet booked any proved reserves. We do, however, expect to begin booking Lower Tertiary reserves in 2010 when the Cascade project begins producing. In Canada, we added 141 million BOEs with the drill bit with 102 million barrels of that at Jackfish, and 19 million BOEs at Lloydminster. The only blemish to the reserve report was price revisions. Just as the sharp decline in prices triggered a ceiling test write-down, it also resulted in negative reserve revisions. Certain of our properties, notably our oil sands properties in Canada, were no longer considered proved under the assumptions of costs and oil and gas prices in effect at December 31, 2008 held flat. Some 70% of the price revisions were in our Jackfish project area in Canada. Jackfish is a Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage project as most of you know. And the SAGD economics are sensitive to the interplay of oil, natural gas and diluent prices as well as price differentials between heavy oil and the WTI Index price. At year end 2008 WTI declined to $44.60 per barrel and the Jackfish heavy oil differential had widened to about 60% compared with a typical differential of 30%. As a result, none of our Jackfish reserves met the economic threshold to be classified as proved at year-end 2008. However, unlike the ceiling test write-down for accounting purposes, that is irreversible, reserves loss to negative price revisions will be restored in the engineer... reserves engineering report when prices recover. You may recall that at the end of 2004 heavy oil prices were unusually low and most heavy oil barrels across the industry were written-off. Within a few weeks, prices had normalized and these barrels were back on the books. The remaining negative price revisions were spread across our North American property base. These were due mostly to a reduction in the economic life of long-lived fields and the elimination of some proved undeveloped locations. Again, as prices recover or costs deflate, we would expect those barrels to once again be classified as proved. Subtracting negative price revisions of 473 million barrels and adding the 66 million barrels we acquired, we finished the year with proved reserves of 2.4 billion equivalent barrels. Even though we added 584 million barrels with the drill-bit during 2008, we did not achieve those results by adding lot of PUDs that is proved undeveloped reserves to the books. We ended the year with just 20% of total proved reserves classified as proved undeveloped. I will now turn to some of the key events and drivers that impacted our 2008 financial results and our outlook for 2009. My comments will be focused on our continuing operations which exclude the results attributable to Africa. Let's begin with a review of Devon's production. For 2008, we reported full year production of 238 million equivalent barrels or approximately 650,000 barrels per day. That's nearly 14 million barrels higher than our 2007 production and right in line with the guidance we provided last quarter. Once again, headlining our 2008 production performance was strong growth from our North American onshore assets. A continued success in the Barnett Shale combined with the ramp-up of production from our Canadian oil projects helped boost Devon's North American onshore production by 13% compared with 2007. This strong growth was partially offset by production declines in our Gulf of Mexico and international segments. In aggregate, hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico and operational downtime at the ACG field in Azerbaijan curtailed about 3.2 million barrels of production in 2008. Fourth quarter production came in at 62.5 million equivalent barrels or 680,000 barrels per day, that's 43,000 barrels per day or 7% higher than the third quarter of 2008. When you examine our fourth quarter production performance in detail, you will find that we delivered solid growth in every producing region other than the Gulf of Mexico, where the impact of hurricanes Gustav and Ike resulted in a negative sequential quarterly comparison. U.S. onshore production climbed approximately 31,000 BOEs per day in the fourth quarter or 8% over third quarter production. As expected, our Barnett Shale and East Texas assets led the way. In Canada, fourth quarter volumes climbed more than 4% when compared with the third quarter, driven by the continued ramp-up at Jackfish. Our international production increased by 23% in the fourth quarter over the third, driven mostly by the ramp-up of Polvo in Brazil. As Larry said earlier, we expect 2009 production to be roughly flat with 2008 at about 238 million equivalent barrels. This translates to an average of a little over 650,000 barrels equivalent per day. We expect our average daily rate during the first half of 2009 to be between 660 and 670,000 barrels equivalent per day, and based on our current capital plan, production would then trail off during the second half of 2009, reflecting the impact of the reduction in capital spending. Moving onto price realizations, starting with oil. The WTI Index price declined to an average of $58.51 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2008. Our price realizations relative to WTI also weakened in the fourth quarter, and most producing regions came in at the bottom or below our forecasted guidance ranges. Consequently, Devon's fourth quarter company-wide realized oil price before the impact of hedges averaged 41.86 per barrel or roughly 72% of the WTI Index. However our oil collars mitigated the fourth quarter effect somewhat as cash settlements increased our oil realizations by $2.2 per barrel to a realized price, including hedges of $43.88 per barrel. On the natural gas side, the fourth quarter Henry Hub price declined to an average of $6.95 per Mcf, the lowest... actually the lowest quarterly average in 2008. Natural gas price differentials also widened significantly during the quarter for most producing regions, as we forecasted in our third quarter conference call. Consequently, fourth quarter company-wide price realization before the impact of hedges were 76% of Henry Hub or $5.30 per Mcf. We had about 60% of our natural gas position hedged for the quarter and that boosted our realizations by $0.52 per Mcf, bringing the fourth quarter realized price up to $5.82 per Mcf. Looking ahead to 2009, we currently have approximately 265 million a day of our natural gas production hedge with a weighted average floor of $8.25 and a ceiling of 12.05. In today's 8-K we provide detailed guidance for expected 2009 oil and natural gas price differentials. Moving now to marketing and midstream results for the fourth quarter. Marketing and midstream operating profit was 122 million, bringing the full year up to $668 million. Looking into 2009, we expect the lower commodity price environment to reduce full year marketing and midstream operating profit to a range of between 375 and $425 million. Moving to expenses, 2008 lease operating expenses were right in the middle of our guidance range at $2.2 billion. For the full year, Devon's unit operating costs increased by 14% when compared to 2007. Fourth quarter LOE came in at $9.32 per BOE, about 8% below the third quarter as costs declined in most of our producing regions and the U.S. dollar strengthened relative to the Canadian dollar. Looking ahead to 2009, we anticipate the decrease in E&P activity across the industry to cut downward pressure on oil field service and supply costs. For the full year 2009 we are forecasting lease operating costs to range between $8.10 and $9.55 per BOE. Unit LOE will likely start the year at the top of that range and decline throughout the year as costs come down. For 2008, Devon reported DD&A expense for oil and gas... Devon's reported DD&A expense for oil and gas properties came in at $13.68 per barrel. This was $0.43 above the high end of our full guidance range. The higher than expected depletion rate is entirely due to the negative price revisions through proved reserves at the end of the year. However, we now expect our future DD&A rates to decrease significantly due to the non-cash reduction in the carrying value of oil and gas properties. For 2009 we are forecasting unit DD&A in the range of $10.25 to $10.75 per BOE of production. Moving on to G&A expense, Devon reported full year G&A of $653 million. Looking ahead to 2009 we expect to reduce G&A expense by roughly 10% to a range of 565 to $605 million. Shifting to interest expense; interest expense for 2008 was $329 million or 23% less than 2007. The year-over-year improvement resulted from lower overall debt balances. As we look forward to 2009 we expect interest expense to range between 330 to $340 million. The next item I want to touch on is income taxes. After backing out the impact of items that are generally excluded from analysts' estimates, our adjusted full year 2008 income tax rate was 32% of pre-tax earnings, 5% current and 27% deferred. For the fourth quarter, the adjusted tax rate was 38% of pre-tax earnings, about 6 percentage points higher than our full year average rate. The higher fourth quarter rate resulted from a $28 million deferred income tax charge based on a change in our estimate of future deferred tax benefits. This was driven by a reduction in our expectations for future oil and gas prices. Looking to 2009, we expect to combine income tax rate similar to that in 2008 with roughly one half current and one half deferred. The final item that I want to cover is a quick recap of 2008 balance sheet activities. Our operating cash flow before balance sheet changes climbed to a record high of $9.6 billion, a 31% increase compared with the 2007 total. In addition, in 2008 we received another 1.9 of the $2.2 billion of total after-tax divestiture proceeds from Africa, and another $280 million as part of an asset swap agreement with Chevron that we told you about earlier in the year. In addition to funding a robust capital program including $2.5 billion of property acquisitions and $490 million of investments in our midstream infrastructure, we reduced capital balances by $2.1 billion. As of today, Devon has cash on hand and unused credit facilities in excess of $3 billion and a debt to capitalization ratio of less than 25%. Looking to 2009 the business environment presents challenges we have not seen for many years within our industry. However, we believe our conservative approach to the business has prepared us well for these conditions. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Steve to review our 2008 capital program and operational highlights.
Stephen J. Hadden: Thanks John and good morning to everyone. Our operated rig activity peaked in 2008 with 112 rigs running company wide. But in response to falling product prices, we began tapering back activity in the second half of the year and by year-end had just 96 operated rigs running company wide. We are currently operating 68 rigs and expect to be down to 32 operated rigs by the end of the first quarter. Full year 2008 exploration and development capital came in at $9.3 billion, including $3.8 billion in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that our fourth quarter capital included about $900 million in undeveloped acreage capture bringing expenditures for new acreage up to almost $2 billion for the full year. In our third quarter conference call, we indicated that we are in the process of making significant investments in undeveloped acreage, notably in four new unconventional gas plays. We previously talked about two of these areas, the Haynesville and Horn River, But I'll discuss the other two plays. First is an emerging Mid-continent shale play called Cana. Named for Canadian county in Oklahoma, the Cana play targets the deep Woodford Shale down in the Anadarko Basin. Devon is the largest leaseholder in the play with 112,000 net acres located in Canadian Blaine and Kettle (ph) Counties in West Central Oklahoma. Although the shale and the clean-up play is the same shale formation found in the Oklahoma basin and Eastern Oklahoma, there are some important differences. The shale in the Cana play is found at greater depths ranging from 11,500 feet to 14,500 feet or an average about 5000 feet deeper than the shale found in Eastern Oklahoma. The higher pressures at these depths result in greater storage capacity in the reservoir. Initial gas in place estimates for the Cana Woodford indicate upwards of 200 Bcf per square mile, with recovery factors expected to be similar to those found in the best shale plays in the country. This gives us net risk potential on our existing acreage position in Cana of 4 trillion cubic feet equivalents. We drilled our first horizontal well in the Cana play about 18 months ago and now have completed 10 operated wells in the play including seven long lateral horizontals. Initial well results indicate average ultimate recoveries in excess of 6 Bcf per well. In fact, four of the long lateral wells where we have significant production history have estimated ultimate recoveries in excess of 8 Bcf per well. We have been de-risking our Cana acreage and perfecting our completions and have achieved repeatable commercial results. As we move into full scale development, drilling and completion costs should average less than $9 million per well based on the current cost environment. As we continue to optimize drilling and completion techniques and apply practices as we perfected through the thousands of successful wells in the Barnett Shale, we believe we can reduce well costs and further enhance per well recoveries. Adding to the appeal of Cana play is the liquids rich gas with up to 1300 MMBtu per Mcf. Each development plans will likely include building up processing facility to capture additional value, just as we have done in the Barnett and the Oklahoma Woodford. In 2009, we plan to drill approximately 27 operated horizontal Cana wells with a four rig program. We also have acquired 3D seismic over most of the play area, and we'll require acquire seismic over the remaining acreage during 2009 to further evaluate and de-risk the play. The fourth of our emerging plays is the Cody (ph) play, located in South Central Montana where we have assembled 575,000 net acres. Of the four emerging unconventional plays in which we are involved, our understanding of the Cody is in the early stage of evaluation. So far we have drilled 7 wells and completed just three to date with some encouraging early results. However, we will need to do some considerable additional work to understand this play and de-risk our large acreage position. We will keep you updated as this play continues to mature. Moving now to our fourth quarter operating highlights, starting with the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, we are continuing running 23 Devon operated rigs compared with a peak of 39 rigs in the fourth quarter. This curtailment in activity is reflected in our average fourth quarter net production of 1.17 Bcf equivalent per day. This was up 4% over the third quarter and up 25% over the fourth quarter of 2007. Looking forward in 2009, we plan to invest about 750 million of capital in the Barnett and drill over 200 operated wells. We plan to decrease the number of operated rigs to 8 and we'll focus primarily on the continuing success of our 1000 foot and 500 foot offset infill programs. Moving to the Woodford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma's Arkoma Basin, net production climbed to an average of 64 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, that's up 35% from the third quarter average and 165% compared with the fourth quarter of 2007. We've reduced our operated rigs from 6 to 5 and expect to further decrease activity and average 3 rigs throughout the year. Devon's per well recoveries improved dramatically during 2008. This has been driven by improvements in completions, characterization of the reservoir, and longer laterals. Our current model for our wells in this field is 4.5 Bcf at a cost of $6 million per well. We plan to invest $112 million of capital in the Woodford and drill 26 operated wells in 2009. Moving to the Rockies, our net production in the Powder River Basin in Wyoming averaged a record 100 million cubic feet of natural gas per day in the fourth quarter, up 6% from the third quarter average and up 40% compared with the fourth quarter of 2007. In the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, we had two rigs running throughout the fourth quarter while drilling 17 operated wells. Our net Washakie production averaged about 150 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter, up 12% year-over-year. We plan to invest about $90 million of capital at Washakie in 2009 and plan to drill approximately 40 operated wells with two high efficiency rigs. In the Haynesville Shale, we had 40,000 net acres in the fourth quarter bringing our total to 570,000 net acres in the play. Progress has been slowed due to mechanical issues in our first two horizontal wells. However, we have incorporated what we have learned into our third horizontal well which is currently completing. We are encouraged that our initial wells confirmed the presence of a sixth organic Haynesville Shale under our leasehold with high reservoir pressures. In 2009, we expect to maintain a two rig program and drill 11 Haynesville Shale wells in the year. At Carthage, we wrapped up our 102 wells vertical Cotton Valley drilling program during the fourth quarter. We had three rigs running throughout the quarter and drilled 220 vertical wells. In 2009 we expect to spend about $49 million drilling 24 wells. We also wanted to provide an update on our Haynesville fractured line play. As you may recall last quarter we reported on two wells completed in Haynesville line that IPed at 22 million and 26 million cubic feet a day. Those wells are currently producing 10 and 17 million cubic feet a day respectively with ultimate recoveries of 5 billion and almost 9 million cubic feet of gas. In 2009, we expect to complete 10 additional wells. Northwest of Carthage at Groesbeck, we bought two high rate Bossier sand horizontal wells on line with the Nan-Su-Gail field in the fourth quarter. The Crenshaw 21H IPed at 19 million cubic feet of gas a day and the new B (ph) 15H IPed at 16 million a day. These wells helped drive our net fourth quarter Groesbeck production to a record 104 million cubic feet of gas per day, up 41% from the fourth quarter of 2007. Now moving to Canada. Based on our first year of production reservoir performance at Jackfish is a resounding success. Steam ore ratio is as good as we have hoped it would be. And as a result Jackfish is one of the top performing SAGD projects in Canada. Jackfish wells are producing more than 1600 barrels of oil a day per well, which is among the highest rate of any SAGD project. Production continues to ramp up and in the fourth quarter we reached 22,000 barrels per day. We remain on track to hit a sustained rate of 35,000 barrels per day later this year. At Jackfish 2 side work is moving ahead in spite of a very cold winter in Alberta. All long lead time drilling and completion items were ordered during the fourth quarter. The current business climate is allowing us to renegotiate some of our costs. We expect capital expenditures for Jackfish 2 project to total 1 billion U.S. of which approximately $350 million will be acquired in 2009. Jackfish 2 will have the same basic design as Jackfish with production capacity of 35,000 barrels a day and 300 million barrels of recoverable resources net to Devon's 100% interest. Jackfish 2 is expected to be fully operational in 2011. Now shifting to the Gulf of Mexico. As I mentioned earlier in 2009 we plan to continue forward momentum in our deepwater projects, including our four Lower Tertiary discoveries. At Jack and St. Malo the partners are focused upon a joint development concept for the two fields. Efforts in 2009 will be directed towards the final concept selection front end engineering and preparation of tendering package in anticipation of the sanctioning decision. Devon has 25% of both Jack and St. Malo. At Cascade, drilling operations continued at the Cascade number 3 which will one of two initial producing wells at Cascade. Construction of the production facilities is on schedule. Installation of the risers FPSO mooring, flow-lines and the gas export line are all planned for 2009. We anticipate first production at Cascade by the middle of next year. Devon and Petrobras each have 50% working interest in Cascade. At Cascada, the largest of our four Lower Tertiary discoveries, we are currently drilling an appraisal well. The co-owners are considering a wide seismic shoot in late 2009 or early 2010 and drilling of an additional appraisal well for a possible well test in 2010. Devon has a 30% working interest in Cascada. In our Lower Tertiary exploration program, the test on the Bass Prospect located on Keathley Canyon 596 as well as our Damascus prospect located on Walker Ridge 581 have both been plugged and abandoned. Now moving to Brazil. On the Devon operated Polvo oil project on block BMC-8, I am pleased to report that we've solved the mechanical delays we faced earlier in 2008 and gross production from Polvo is now up to 17,000 barrels a day. We expect productions to continue decline throughout 2009. We operate Polvo with a 60% working interest. Also in Brazil in December, we took possession of the deepwater discovery drill shift that Devon has under long-term contract. The rig is currently positioned off the Northern Coast of Brazil, drilling the current Gaisler (ph) prospect in Block BM BAR-3. This is in the Parnaíba Basin in 7600 feet of water and is the first deepwater well in this Frontier basin. Devon is the operator with 45% working interest. The rig will test as many as seven additional deepwater exploratory prospects in Brazil over the next two years. We also plan to drill and test a well to follow-up for 2008 Oahu discovery. That concludes the operations update and at this point I am going to turn the call back over to Vince and open it up for Q&A.
Vincent W. White: Thanks Steve. Operator we are ready to take the first question. I'll remind everybody that we ask you to limit it to one question and one follow-up per caller.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets: Just a quick question on the Haynesville front. Should we go a little bit faster there at based on what everybody else is announcing or maybe just how do you think about progressing from here?
Stephen Hadden: Yeah, based on what we see relative to Devon's position, we are very encouraged with reservoir results we saw. We did have some mechanical problems on the first two wells. We have another well that's completing and flowing back... today starting to flow back as we speak. And we're very pleased with those early results we're bringing on relatively slowly. We also have couple of wells that are drilling, horizontal wells that are drilling and coming down. So we think we're moving through our acreage in a pace that we think in this environment is very appropriate to identify the potential derisk the areas of the play and move forward into a full commercial development. So we're pretty pleased with where we are considering the environment that we're in. And again, the reservoir information that we have on our Haynesville position is very positive from our perspective.
Rehan Rashid - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering Holt, please proceed.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Good morning. As I think about your capital budget and targets outspending cash flow by $1 billion this year. As you look at 2009 and 2010, can you keep up that pace or are you betting on a 2010 rebound? Would you continue to outspend as you look forward to next year? If there is a recovery in gas and oil, just wanted to get your perspective on how is this a V bottom, U bottom recovery or how you plan a multiyear program?
Vincent White: David, this is Vince. As we said in the call we would not continue on a multiyear basis to outspend cash flow. We're adamant about protecting our balance sheet, and frankly we think there is a real lack of visibility on the link of the economic downturn. And we'll have to see how the industry responds, see how quickly natural gas process will recover. The main thing that we're going into this year with a... for you to stay flexible and adjust our spending in response to the market environment.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Just a follow up there, how much of capital this year is tied to longer term project or kind of larger projects that are more fixed?
Vincent White: David it's about when you take in into account all the pieces of it. So that is, we're doing Jackfish 2 and as Steve described what we're doing in the Lower Tertiary and in Brazil, it accounts for about 1.6 billion of our total CapEx for the year.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Thank you guys.
J. Larry Nichols: David I might add. We're really balancing two things as we go through this year. On the one hand, we have one of the stronger balance sheets in the industry and we want to protect it. On the other hand, we want to position ourselves so that when the recession does end which it will and when gas prices do increase, which they will, as production in the country declines. The Devon is in the best position possible to have fully evaluated the Haynesville as well as all of our other plays and to have both the employees of the companies as well as the assets well positioned to really take off so that we can be selling gas into the rebounding market, rather than trying to maximize gas production now when gas prizes are week. That makes no sense at all. That's not a good way to create shareholder value. So, we are trying to keep the company in good financial condition to evaluate the assets and to position ourselves where we can achieve maximum production growth at the right time. When that happens? Hard to say. We'll evaluate that continuously as we go forward.
David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt: Thanks Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Dell with Stanford Bernstein. Please proceed
Ben Dell - Stanford Bernstein: Hi guys,
J. Larry Nichols: Good morning.
Ben Dell - Stanford Bernstein: I had two quick questions. The first was on the $27 million pretax charge that you took due to the change in the vesting policy. It seems like a big number. Can you give us some outlines of what the change in the policy was?
Vincent White: Ben this is Vince. I'll attempt to address it. First, this was a change made early in the year and it was to bring our vesting policy for Senior Executives and to align with our peer companies. And what it does is allow for retiring executives, allow them to continue to vest upon retirement. And one of the ideas behind this is to prevent an incentive to hastily sell the company as someone moves towards retirement, we've seen that happen a couple of times in our industry. The main shift is that it accelerates the expense, it's not a significantly increase in expense, but it changes the period during which it's recognized. So, I hope that helps you add some color.
Ben Dell - Stanford Bernstein: Yeah. That's great. And then just on production question. Given your new outlook for 2009 can you give us some indication of what that would mean specifically to your Barnett volumes?
Stephen Hadden: Yeah, Ben, this is Steve. The Barnett volumes will rise slightly from the average production that we mentioned in the press release. So, we'll have... we'll continue to benefit from over 600 wells that we drilled this past year. We'll drill another 200 plus wells on an operated basis, and of course we'll have some non-operated wells. So the average production year-over-year for the Barnett will go up. Rate wise we may see a little bit of tailing off as we get into the late third and the fourth quarter, depending on what we do as we look at things in the middle of this year.
Ben Dell - Stanford Bernstein: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen with Buckingham Research Group. Please proceed.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group: Yeah. Any other Lower Tertiary well cutting expected for 2009?
Stephen Hadden: Well, no, not in 2009. We're... what we are focusing on right now is the development of Cascade and driving that to first production. So we'll finish drilling the first producing well which we're on right now and then we will move to drilling the second producing well and then go through completing those two wells, and that will carry into early 2010. We also are working on the drilling of the appraisal well on Cascada and that's really in its early phases and will continue through the middle of this year or so. And then, we are moving forward with some additional work that we are dong on Jack and St. Malo, but there is no additional Lower Tertiary well cuts that are planned at this point in our portfolio for 2009.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JP Morgan. Pease proceed.
Joseph Allman - J.P. Morgan: Yes, thank you. Good morning everybody. Steve, what are your thoughts on the production at Cascade and what kind of ramp up do you expect and what kind of capacity you expect out there and also any updated thoughts on the complexity of the reservoir?
Stephen Hadden: Well first, we are in the process of drilling our third Cascade 3 which is going to be both producing well and we'll side track that well to just further confirm any issues that relate to any compartmentalization. We haven't seen that as a major barrier at all. Right now, we think as far as the interplay between the reservoir quality and the fluid quality, that's going to be fine. And with the completions that we are running we could probably see in the range of 10,000 barrels a day or better on a per well basis. And this will be the first long term flow test of these Lower Tertiary wells. And we are really looking forward to that. So not really overly concerned about the complexity issues, very interested to get these wells on, get that long term production test and move forward there.
Joseph Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And how is like capacity there at the facility there?
Stephen Hadden: The capacity of facility is about 80,000 barrels a day in total. And remember that facility is shared between the Sinop development and our Cascade development. Cascade has about 40,000 barrels a day of capacity allocated to it right now. So we're well positioned there. And then we can expand that capacity in the future as we go through the stage development of the project.
Joseph Allman - J.P. Morgan: Great. How about the Cana program, what kind of infrastructure should (ph) it have besides having to build the processing facility?
Darryl Smette: Joe, this is Darryl. We are moving down building processing plant right now. It looks like there will be about 200 million a day plant to start with. We are also putting in the number of gathering systems in the main export line to center delivery compressions point. We are currently in the process of negotiating with the two or three different companies for a long haul pipeline out of this area. Those negotiations are ongoing but right now we feel very comfortable that we'll be able to have the plant up and running by mid 2010 with all the facilities and we'll be able to keep up with the E&P production.
Joseph Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks Darryl, thanks Steve.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Magner with Tristone. Please proceed.
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital: Good morning, thank you. Perhaps you touched on a little bit earlier. I just wanted to talk about the liquidity position and the capital availability you'll have, even if you have been cash flow issued $2 billion. You will be sitting on north of 2 billion in cash and available capacity on your revolvers. Can you just walk us through the priorities for your use of that capital if we do see recovery within the bad timing but upon recovery how you would prioritize that?
Vincent White: Joe, that's a little hard to determine it at this time. I mean your summary is pretty close. Obviously without I think about $2.1 billion of available credit at the end of the year assuming we overspent by $1 billion. And Larry made the point and it's a great point, the real art here for us is to take advantage of our considerable financial strength and good asset bases that we have and hit the accelerator at the right time when we see a light at the end of the tunnel. Certainly a lot of what we're doing this year is as Larry has indicated already is that we're not spending a lot. We're not trying to accelerate gas production into a very weak commodity price market. We're focusing on these longer term projects. However, we have so much in our inventory in these gas projects that we can very quickly start to ramp up production if we see the picture turning around and commodity prices improving. But we haven't really developed our detailed thinking on how that 2010, for example, capital program might look. But we have such a great inventory that we'll be able to move that up pretty quickly.
J. Larry Nichols: Yes, there is no doubt that at a point time we will go back to maximizing production growth... the 31% production growth we got at the Barnett this past year. So we will go back to maximizing the Barnett as well as Haynesville, as well as Cana as we continue to derisk those. So as the gas markets improve which they will, recognizing in the U.S. we have... the whole nation has an average decline of about 31%. Supply and demand will get back in line and in due course we'll go back to full throttle on all of our gas plays.
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital: Okay. There's specific concerns about possible acquisitions but it sounds like to summarize your focus initially would be on organic opportunity. And just one quick follow-up, any plans to alter or update your hedging strategy at this point in time?
Darryl Smette: Yes, this is Darryl. First, let me just tell you where we are... reemphasize where we are in our hedging program. Currently we only have 265 million hedged for 2009, no oil hedge for 2009, no gas hedges or oil hedges hedged in 2010. Historically Devon has not been a big user of the financial hedging market. However as we're getting into more long-term projects, we are currently evaluating whether we want to put a consistent hedging policy in place. So we do not have one at the present time. It's something we are looking at and we'll move that forward as we look at the long-term projects we have in front of us.
Joseph Magner - Tristone Capital: Thank you.
Vincent White: We've got time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bryan Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. What gas price would you need to see to ramp-up the rig counts? And if you look at where you are decreasing your capital on rigs now, what's the area that maybe would be the last one to be laid down but then be the first that would be brought back?
Vincent White: Brian, this is Vince. Just a couple of observations. The calculus of where to cut back is a lot more complex and it might appear at first wash. We need to keep our workforce engaged. We need to keep the service and supply industries engaged. And so really our cutbacks are across the board in North America in all short cycle time projects. And consequently depending on the degree of recovery of prices, our ramp-up would also be across the board. We're prepared to do that. Clearly, one of our most intense areas of activity over the last couple of years and in the future is the Barnett Shale. And we've got a lot of running room there. So it's clear that we would, under current market conditions would dramatically accelerate there if we had additional cash flow available to us. But really, I think it would be across the North American landscape.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And that would... what price would you need to see to ramp things back?
Vincent White: While our limiting factor being not the economics on the play so much as our cash flow. Each incremental improvement in our view of prices will give us more cash flow to invest.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. And lastly, could you talk about your backlog? What levels of oil and gas production onshore U.S. in general terms is waiting completion or completed the waiting time?
Stephen Hadden: Brian, I'll tell you that it's an interesting number to get at, but we generally can probably run about a couple... take the Barnett Shale for instance, we drilled operated, non-operated, we drilled 680 wells last year. We probably came into this year with an inventory of a couple of 100 wells yet to be completed. And so, that's probably a pretty good indicator in the bulk of those. The other plays are relatively early. Some of the plays like Cana and obviously the Haynesville plays are really ramping up and so they don't have nearly an inventory or a hangover like that. But the Barnett is probably reflective of what inventory we came into this year with.
J. Larry Nichols: Brian, I might add one more point on that on your question on the price. The price can't be answered in average strike (ph) without reflection on the costs. Our industry has in the fourth quarter of last year, we had 2008 cost structure with prices were back in the 2001, 2002 level. Rig costs and all the service supply costs are going to come down. They are coming down dramatically and they will continue to come down. And we will get back in balance. It's kind of hard to say where that balance will happen, but they will get back in balance. They have in every other cycle and there is no logical reason why this won't happen. And so declining costs during the rest of this year make it feasible to be more active in some area at a better price, at a price realization that we're not at this moment. So those two, you got to balance those two.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We're couple minutes past the hours.
Vincent White: So, as I said we'll go ahead and respect your time and cut off the call at this point. As usual, we'll be around for the rest of day, if you'd like to contact us with any questions that we didn't get to. Thank you for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for you participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White – SVP, IR Larry Nichols – Chairman and CEO Steve Hadden – EVP, Exploration & Production John Richels – President Darryl Smette – EVP, Marketing and Midstream
Analysts: David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company Mark Gilman – Benchmark Rehan Rashid – FBR Capital Markets John Rogovin [ph] – Wachovia 
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Devon’s third quarter 2008 conference call and webcast. Today’s call will follow our usual format after my introductory remarks Devon’s Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols will provide his prospective on the company; then Steve Hadden, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, will cover the operating highlights and ramping it up will be Devon’s President, John Richels, who will give us a brief financial review. At that point we will open up the call to your questions and we will remind you that we ask you the limit each calling to one question and one follow-up. We will try to hold the call to about an hour and as a reminder, a replay of the call will be available later today through a link on our website. During the call today, we will be taking some of our fourth quarter estimates and I want to remind you that, you can find the summary of our estimates on our website. You simply go to the Investor Relations section and click on the Estimates page. As far as guidance for 2009 goes, we typically give top-line production guidance and capital expenditure guidance for the upcoming year end December and then we follow that up with detailed guidance for production expenses and CapEx in an 8-K filing about the time we report earnings for the previous year. Please note that all of our references today for plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities law, and while we always strive to give the very best guidance possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates and we would encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors that can be found in the Form 8-K that we last filed in August. One other compliance note, we will refer today to several non-GAAP performance measures, when we make reference to non-GAAP measures, we’re required to make certain disclosures under Securities law. You can find those disclosures on our website at devonenergy.com. I will also want to remind you that there is a result of our decision to sell all our assets in Africa and terminate our operations there. The accounting rules require us to exclude oil and gas produced from our African assets from all reported periods and revenues and expenses for the discontinued operations are summarized in the discontinued operations line item. For your reference, we are also providing you an additional table that gives the details of the statement of operations as well as the production lines attributable to the divested properties. On a reported basis, discontinued operations in the third quarter include a $97 million after-tax gain on the divested African properties, because we close the sale of our last producing property in September, discontinued operations will drop-off in future quarters. As far as the street earnings forecast go, most analyst choose to report the first call numbers that exclude discontinue operations and the mean estimate of those analysts that did exclude discontinued operations was $3.06 for the quarter and that’s right inline with our adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $3.06 per share. With those items out of the way, I will turn the call over to Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: Thanks, Vince and good morning everyone. What a difference a quarter can make this has been amazing. But in spite of the extraordinary conditions in the capital markets and challenges present of our two hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico. And the disruptions to production in the ACG field in Azerbaijan, Devon had a really very good third quarter. Reported net earnings reached a record $2.6 billion and excluding the mark-to-market hedging gains, net earnings were a very solid $1.4 billion. Cash flow before balance sheet changes, climb to $2.6 billion which is a 49% increase over the third quarter of 2007. Our net Barnett Shale production set, we had another record, averaging more than 1.1 Bcf of gas equivalent per day in the third quarter. We completed the sale our of interest in Cote d’Ivoire in the third quarter, which brings our aggregate after-tax proceeds from all of our African divestures to more than $2 billion. And during the third quarter, we continued to de-leverage our balance sheet, by using cash redeem $983 million of exchange or the Chevron exchangeable debentures, which in turn freed up 14.2 million shares of Chevron stock. In the wake of the recent credit market deteriorations, I want to take a few minutes with you and comment on Devon’s financial position and on September 30, Devon had $1.2 billion of cash on hand and very low debt levels. In fact our net debt-to-cap was 13% at the end of the third quarter. In addition, we have more than $3 billion of unused credit lines and only $177 million of debt maturities that mature between now and the second half of 2011. This financial strength has allowed us to maintain access to the commercial paper markets throughout this entire recent credit crisis. Another way we’re defending our strong financial position is by carefully managing our exposure to counterparty risk. We had no exposure to Lehman and we have all maintain the policy of doing business only with the highest spread credits and then spreading our exposure overall of those firms. We have recently improved our cash position, as well as improved our attractive oil and gas property position with a transaction that we announced earlier this week with Chevron. As I said earlier we owned 14.2 million Chevron shares, which were associated with the exchangeable debentures that we retired in August. We have now transferred those shares to Chevron in exchange for $280 million in cash from Chevron and Chevron’s 44% working interest in the Drunkard's Wash coalbed methane natural gas field. This field encompasses 51,000 net acres and is located in east-central Utah. We estimate the proved reserves associated with the assets are 210 billion cubic feet of gas, in addition to access substantial unproven potential. With the transaction Devon also adds net production of about 40 million cubic feet a day to our interest. This is a high quality asset and we look forward to working with our partners to leverage our over 20 years of success in dealing with coalbed and we want to realize the significant untapped potential that this field holds. There are no taxes that were payable with this transaction so it was very tax efficient transaction. As we have said many, many times in the past it has always been our philosophy to do leverage during the times of strong commodity prices, so that we’re well positioned during price downturns. This has allowed Devon to not only manage through weak oil and gas proprieties, but in fact to take advantage of them, and we have done that once again this time. Year-to-date we have generated cash flow before balance sheet changes to $7.9 billion. This has easily funded our capital expenditures and has provided free cash flow of $1.5 billion. This free cash flow coupled with $2.1 billion of net after tax proceeds from Africa and the $1.4 billion of cash we had on hand at the beginning of the year has allowed us to repay $3.6 billion of debt and preferred stock this year, and that includes the Chevron exchangeable. In addition to repaying that debt, our intention at mid year was to continue the common stock repurchasing program that we began earlier this year. However, as the severity of this credit crisis became apparent, we believe that the value of liquidity was dramatically increasing. We therefore like to put our share buyback program on hold until we could see how this situation sorted itself out. We also believe that the environment was unfolding that could result in an opportunity to acquire high quality assets to the attractive prices and indeed exactly that has happened. Since we announced our second quarter results; we have acquired 50,000 net acres in Haynesville Shale at an average cost of 3500 per acre. In Horn River in Canada, we’ve required an additional 46,000 net acres at about 4700 per acre. This activity as required about $400 million of additional capital over and above our mid-year forecast. In addition we’re currently working on several acreage acquisitions that we hope to close by year end; that would bolster our position in core areas and some of our emerging place. If we’re successful in completing all of these transactions we will have added over 700,000 net undeveloped acres during the year. In total we will have build a position of almost 1.4 million net acres in four new unconditional gas price. This includes 153,000 acres in the Horn River, 580,000 acres in Haynesville and 650,000 acres in two new Shale plays that we are not ready to identify or discus. When we provided the street with the resource update last March, we mentioned these plays and at that time we estimated that our net risk resource potential for these four plays totaled 2.4 trillion cubic feet equivalent. Since, then we’ve continued to de-risk these plays with additional drilling and evaluation. Through this de-risking the additional acreage we have acquired and the transactions we planned to complete during the fourth quarter. We have increased our estimated net again risk resource potential more than tenfold in these four plays up to 26.5 trillion cubic feet, in comparison of the 2.4 trillion cubic feet that we talked about in March. Assuming that we’re successful in closing these transactions, our 2008 E&P capital expenditures will climb to 1.4 billion to approximately 8.7 billion. This is before the impact of the Chevron transaction, which of course did not require a cash outlay in fact give us cash. We include the impact of the Chevron transaction and capitalized G&A in interest. We now expect total drill bit capital of $9.1 billion to $9.3 billion for 2008. The associated drill bit reserve additions that we now expect, were between 520 million and 570 million barrels. When you do the math, you will see that this gives us both a very attractive F&D reached a cost and a very competitive F&D number and this is despite spending over $1.5 billion on undeveloped leases, leases that of course will not add any oil and gas reserves this year, but they are certainly well in future years. We find that a very attractive result. Also even after these acreage acquisitions, Devon’s balance sheet remains quite strong. Our balance sheet pro forma these acquisitions and pro forma the transactions with Chevron, we give us a net debt-to-cap ratio less than 16%, cash on hand of $600 million and more than $2.5 billion of unavailable unused line of credit, but clearly we are not sacrificing either our strong balancing or our strong liquidity to capture these compelling opportunities. Our financial positions remained strong. Following the successful conclusion of these transactions, we have an effect liquidate on our position in Africa and redeployed those proceeds in the high growth assets in North America. As a result, we are increasing our focus in areas, where our technical expertise in established base of operations gives us the ability to affect to compete very effectively with anybody. With that I will turn the call over to Steve Hadden.
Steve Hadden: Thanks, Larry and good morning to everyone. I will begin with a quick recap of the company-wide drilling activity. In the third quarter, we drilled 636 wells, of these 22 are classified as exploratory with 91% successful, remaining 614 wells reclassified as development of which 98% were successful giving us an overall success rate for the quarter or roughly 97%. Our total rig count average to 158 rigs during the third quarter, with our operated rig count peaking in September at a 106 rigs running. Capital expenditures for exploration and development were $2.1 billion for the quarter, bringing the year-to-date ENP CapEx to $5.5 billion. Let us now move to our quarterly operational highlights beginning with the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, where we currently have 38 Devon operated rigs running. We continued to see excellent results from our horizontal in filed drilling programs. During third quarter, we bought 67 wells online were drilled on 40 surface acre spacing or approximately 500 feet apart, those 67 wells have an average IP rate of 2.2 million cubic feet of gas per day. In addition, we’re now seeing the early results from our pilot infill program. These wells are spaced 250 feet apart, which results in one well per 20 surface acres. During the quarter we bought two of these wells online with an average IP rate of 3.7 million cubic feet a day. These were two exceptional wells and I would caution that we don’t think this will be typical. Now, these two wells do however, demonstrates 250 foot offsets have significant potential in some areas. In total during the third quarter we bought a 142 Barnett wells online at an average rate of $2.3 million cubic feet of gas per day. Our net Barnett Shale production set yet another record averaging more than 1.1 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the third quarter. This was up 4% from the second quarter and up 30% compared with the third quarter of 2007. We continue to target a year end net production from the Barnett at 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent per day. Moving east in the Haynesville Shale and east Texas and northwest Louisiana as Larry mentioned we added 50,000 net acres in the third quarter and expect to add an additional 50,000 net acres in the fourth quarter. This will bring our total Haynesville shale position to 580,000 net acres. During the third quarter, we initiated drilling on our first two horizontal wells in the Haynesville Shale. These 100% working interest hole 103-H located in Panola County, Texas has reached total vertical depth and is now drilling the lateral section. We plan to begin completion operations next week. Our second Haynesville Shale horizontal well the 100% owned McSwain 7H located in Shelby County, Texas is also at drilling. We expect to have these results from both these wells in our year end call. Our focus in the Haynesville Shale throughout the reminder of 2008 and 2009 will be to better characterize our acreage through additional drilling, coring and testing in order to define the areas of the play, where we believe we can achieve consistent, repeatable results just as we did in the Barnett Shale. We planned to drill two additional horizontal wells in the Haynesville Shale during the fourth quarter with two dedicated rigs running. One of the great things about our acreage position in east Texas and Western Louisiana is the stack pay zones. An example of this is that our Stockman Field in the Carthage area. Not only does this field have Haynesville Shale potential, but it also has deeper potential in the Haynesville line. During the quarter we completed three outstanding 100% Devon vertical wells in the Haynesville Lime. The Oliver-4IP to of 26 million cubic feet a day, the case three at 22 million a day and the Jenkins-1 at 10 million a day. These wells only cost about $5.5 million on average to drilling complete making them very economic. We initiated a 3D seismic shoot over the filed during the third quarter and plan to drill six additional wells in the fourth quarter with our first quarter horizontal well planned for the first quarter of 2009 in the Lime. Its early in the development of Haynesville Lime in addition of work needs to be done including determining what the optimal spacing should be, but with more than 24,000 net acres in the Stockman Field alone, we believe we have a meaningful inventory of future locations and we will keep you updated. Also in east Texas, in Carthage area we drill 31 new wells in the third quarter, as part of our seven rig vertical Cotton Valley drilling program. In addition, we recompleted eight Carthage area wells during third quarter. Despite some temporary shut-ins due to hurricanes, our total net Carthage production averaged 266 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the third quarter up 2% over the last year. Northwest of Carthage at Groesbeck, we completed three outstanding Bossier sand wells in the Nan-Su-Gail field in the third quarter. The Peyton 12H IP to 23 million a day, the Peyton 17H at 17 million a day, in a Hill 15H at 10 million a day. These wells have drive our net Groesbeck production to a record 100 million cubic feet of gas a day, up a 11% from the second and up 38% from the third quarter of 2007. We also saw strong quarterly production growth in our Woodford Shale program in eastern Oklahoma. Net production averaged 48 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the third quarter and up 26% from the second quarter average and up 139% compared with the third quarter of 2007. We bought a total 26 wells online during the third quarter with an average IP rate, 42 million cubic feet of gas per day. Of these 26 wells 13 were Devon operated wells that had average IPs of 5.6 million cubic feet a day. In early October, we bought our 200 million cubic feet a day north ridge gas plant online for processing Woodford production for Devon and other producers. Moving to the Rockies; in the third quarter, we set an all-time production record at the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, we exited the third quarter producing a 101 million cubic feet of natural gas per day net to Devon. In Washakie Basin in Wyoming, we had three rigs running during the quarter and drilled total of 14 operated wells. We finish completion operations on our first quarter horizontal well in the field during the third quarter and we currently evaluating those results. Our net loss key production averaged to 114 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the third quarter, up 15% compared with the third quarter of 2007. Now shifting into the Gulf of Mexico; I will give you a brief update on the status of our recovery from the impact of the hurricanes in the third quarter. I’ll remind you that prior to the hurricanes, we are producing approximately 50,000 equivalent barrels per day in the Gulf of Mexico. We now restored 33,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and expect another 5000 barrels per day to be restored before year-end as repairs are made to production facilities and transportation systems. Additional volumes will be restored in 2009 as third-party facilities are repaired. The hurricanes also caused temporary delays with our Lower Tertiary deepwater program, but drilling operations are now back underway. On the exploration front Damascus prospect on Walker Ridge 581 is rich TD and is currently under evaluation. This is operated by Chevron and Devon is participating with a 28.3% working interest. The Devon operated Bass Prospect located on Keathley Canyon 596 is currently drilling below 21,000 feet and will likely to be on location through year end. Devon has a 50% interest in Bass. At Jack and St. Malo we carried out successful appraisal operations in the third quarter. We also negotiated in acreage trade to increase our ownership in the St. Malo unit by 2.5% giving Devon at 25% working interest in both Jack and St. Malo. The owners in these two larger shale projects continue to work towards the selection of a final development concept and expect to sanction the development potentially in late 2009 or early 2010. At Cascade our 50/50 Lower Tertiary project the Petrobras, we began drilling the Cascade number three last week. This would be one of the initial producing wells at Cascade. The design and construction of the production facilities is on schedule. Installation of the risers FPSO marines, flow-lines and the gas export line are all planned for 2009. First production from Cascade is expected less than two years from now in mid 2010. Also in the Lower Tertiary we expect to begin drilling another appraisal well Cascade in the fourth quarter. Devon will operate the well. We believe Cascade is the largest of the four Lower Tertiary discoveries that Devon has participated in to date. And finally in the deepwater Miocene we drilled an appraisal side track of our 2006 Mission Deep discovery. The appraisal well located on Green Canyon 956 was drilled down dip from the initial discovery well and confirm the initial discovery. The partners are evaluating the result to determine our next move. Also in the deepwater Miocene the Sturgis North well located on Atwater Valley block 138 was unsuccessful and has been plugged and abandoned. Devon had a 25% working interest in Sturgis North. Moving to Canada in our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we are continuing a five rig program and drilled a 137 new well in the third quarter. Total net production from Lloydminster averaged approximately 42,600 barrels a day in the quarter, up 8% over the third quarter of 2007. We commenced operations of our second 10,000 barrel a day expansion at our Manatokan plant at Lloydminster just a few days ago. The expansion supports our growing production volumes in the year-end. Our 100%Denven-owned Jackfish thermal heavy oil project in Eastern Alberta, we continue to see excellent performance from a plant and the reservoir. Production reached 18,000 barrels a day in the third quarter. We remain on track to achieve a sustainable rate at 35,000 barrels a day in the first half of 2009. In early September, we received regulatory approval for our Jackfish 2 projects, light work has began at Jackfish 2, which is about four miles west of Jackfish. Once fully operational in 2012 Jackfish 2 will have another 35,000 barrels a day of oil production doubling the size of our Jackfish operations. Like Jackfish, Jackfish 2 represented an estimated 300 million barrels of recoverable oil net to Devon’s 100% interest. Evaluation of a third potential Jackfish project is underway, but additional drillings slated for this winter to future define the reservoir. In the Horn River Basin in Northern British Colombia we added to our lease position during the third quarter and now hold approximately 153,000 net acres in the play. We planned to two horizontal wells in the fourth quarter as we continue to evaluate this emerging Shale play. Moving to the international arena. In September we announced preliminary results of our pre-salt exploratory well located in Wahoo prospect in Campos Basin offshore Brazil. In October the well on block BMC-30 was drill on down to a total depth of about 20,000 feet. We’re encouraged by more than 150 feet of net pay found in well to look forward to working with our partners to further assess to this superior discovery, based on the limited data that we have for date, we believe it’s way to early to quantify the resource potential or to clear commerciality. The next step is a flow test that the partners are planning for next year and Anadarko operates Oahu and Devon have the 25% working interest and Azerbaijan, where Devon has a 5.6% interest in the ACG oil field our share of ACG production average about 11,000 barrels a day in the third quarter compared to an expected 15,000 barrels a day. High point transportation interruptions and shut-ins due to subsea gas leak led to the shortfall. The transportation rates are now fully operational and the operators working to our store production, but it’s uncertain when it field will returns full production. I’ll now turn the call over to John, for review of the financial results. John?
John Richels: Thank you, Steve and good morning. I planned to take you through a quick analysis of the key drivers that shaped our third quarter financial results and review how these factors impact our outlook for the fourth quarter. As a reminder we reclassified the assets liabilities and results of operations in Africa at discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. I will focus my comments as a result on our continuing operations excluding the impact of the African operations. Well. Let’s begin with production. Devon’s third quarter production totaled $58.6 million equivalent barrels or 637,000 barrels per day that’s pretty much inline with our revised forecast of 59 million barrels. Production for the quarter would have been well above our revised forecast had it not been for disruptions from the storms in the Gulf of Mexico in the operational downtime at the ACG field in Azerbaijan that Steve mentioned, which in aggregate reduced third quarter production by about 2 million barrels. Overall, Devon’s company wide production increased by 19,000 equivalent barrels per day or 3% when compared to the third quarter of 2007. Production growth from our core North American onshore assets more than offset the 2 million barrels lost in the Gulf and ACG. In the U.S. onshore segment delivered that strong growth despite production curtailments resulting from Hurricanes Ike, led by growth from our Barnett Shale and east Texas fields, U.S. onshore production grew by 54,000 barrels per day or 16% over the third quarter of 2007. Our Canadian business also contributed production growth it was up about 4% over the year ago quarter. The continued ramp up of oil production from our Jackfish SAGD and Lloydminster projects drove this growth. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter Devon remains on track to deliver meaningful production growth depending upon the timing of repairs in the Gulf of Mexico and Azerbaijan, we expect fourth quarter production volumes to increase to a range of 62 million to 63 million BOE. This represents a 6% to 8% increase in sequential quarterly production and puts our full year production at between 237 million and 238 million barrels. The primary drivers of this growth will again be our core U.S. onshore properties and the continued ramp up of production from our Jackfish Oil Sands Project that Steve described. Moving onto price realization starting with oil, in the third quarter the WTI benchmark price averaged $118.52 that represents a 58% increase over the third quarter of 2007. In addition to strong benchmark prices regional differentials remained narrow with the result of price realizations in all of our producing regions came in at the top end of our guidance range. Looking to the fourth quarter, as Jackfish (inaudible) volumes become a larger part of our production mix. We expect our oil differentials to widen some. With that widening we now expect fourth quarter realized prices in Canada to come in at approximately 60% of WTI and fourth quarter realizations for our international segment to approximate 85% of WTI. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub index average $10.25 per Mcf in the third quarter a 66% increase over the third quarter of last year. Our company-wide gas price realizations before the impact that hedges, came in at near the mid point of our guidance at approximately 86% of Henry Hub as a result, natural gas price realizations remained strong in the Gulf of Mexico in Canada, however, this was partially offset by weaker price realizations in Rocky Mountains. In addition in the third quarter, the cash settlements on hedges reduced our realizations by $1.01 per Mcf giving as a realized price including the hedging impact of $7.81 per Mcf. For the fourth quarter, we have approximately 60% of our natural gas production hedge with a weighted average floor of $7.77 per MMBtu. With differential widening in most regions, we now expect fourth quarter natural gas price realization before the benefit of these hedges, go approximate 70% of NYMEX for the U.S. onshore, 105% of NYMEX for the Gulf and 85% of NYMEX in Canada. Turning now to our marketing and midstream business, Devon’s marketing and midstream operations continued to deliver a very impressive result despite challenges in natural gas processing due to hurricane Ike. For the third quarter, marketing and midstream operating profit totaled $169 million that is a 28% increase over our third quarter 2007 results. Once again, strong natural gas liquids pricing in increased throughput drove the increase in operating profit. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we expect declines in commodity prices to reduce our marketing and midstream operating profit to a range of about $120 million to $140 million, bringing the full-year marketing and midstream profit to between $660 million and $690 million. Finally, I may like to cover before we move to expenses as the net gain on oil and gas derivative instruments. In the third quarter, we recorded on non-cash unrealized gain of $1.8 billion from a mark-to-market accounting adjusting related to our natural gas and oil hedges. This fully offsets the non-cash losses that we recognized in the first half of the year. In today’s earnings release, we have provided a table that identifies items generally excluded from the analysts estimates in this unrealized non-cash gain from our hedges in that table. Moving to expenses, our third quarter lease operating expenses totaled $591 million. This translates to $10.09 per equivalent barrel or about 10% higher than the second LOE per barrel. This increase resulted primarily from the impact of hurricane Ike not only did the storm reduce production volumes, but it also increased operating cost due to post storm repairs and inspections. Looking to the fourth quarter with additional production volumes coming back online, we expect our unit LOE to decline to between $9.30 and $9.50 per barrel equivalent. Third quarter DD&A expenses for oil and natural gas properties came in at $30.34 per barrel, in that result is right inline with the guidance range, so we provided during our second quarter conference call. For the fourth quarter, we expect DD&A rate $30.30 to $13.50 per equivalent barrel. G&A expense for the third quarter was $146 million; this is approximately $4 million below the low-end of our guidance range and $34 million less than the second quarter of 2008. This positive variance is primarily due to lower personnel expenses. The fourth quarter will include approximately $43 million of non-cash expense due to the issuance of our annual equity compensation grants and including this non-cash expense, we expect fourth quarter G&A expenditures to increase to a range of $165 to $175 million. Now shifting to interest expenses; interest expenses for the third quarter totaled $69 million, when compared to the third quarter of last year reported interest expense decreased by $39 million or 36%. This decline in interest expense is due to the lower debt levels, so we have been discussing. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate interest expense to range between $65 million to $70 million. Moving to income taxes; reported third quarter income tax expenses from continuing operations came in at $1.2 billion or 33% of pretax income. However, when you backup the impact of the non-cash mark-to-market hedging adjustment, you get a current tax rate of 12% and deferred rate of 18% for total income rate of 30% and that’s right inline rate at the midpoint of our full-year guidance. Moving to the bottom line; earnings from continuing operations; adjusted for items that analysts don’t forecast came in an impressive $1.4 billion or $3.06 per diluted share. This represents a 97% increase over the third quarter 2007 adjusted earnings. Year-to-date we have generated cash flow before balance sheet changes of $7.9 billion comfortably funding $6.4 billion of capital investments and leaving us with significant cash flow In summary our approach to the business has prepared as well for these turbulent times. We entered the fourth quarter with low-debt levels, $1.2 billion in cash and an asset base that will remain profitable during periods of lower commodity prices. Looking forward to 2009, we will continue to invest in our strong asset base, live within our cash flow and prepare to reap the benefits when oil and natural gas prices inevitably rebound. With this point I would like to open it up for Q&A. Vince.
Vince White: Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator instructions) your first question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Tudor Pickering Holt. Please proceed with your question.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Good morning just a question on your leasing both in the Haynesville and Horn River Basin. Can you talk about the royalty that you are paying or using?
Steve Hadden: Yes, this is Steve. I will talk to you about in the Haynesville, with the 100,000 acres the royalty runs about a quarter on averages for the 100,000 that we are adding.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay.
Steve Hadden:
.:
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay, and then Horn River?
Steve Hadden: Horn River has a sliding scale based on the Canadian royalty which is based on both the price and the well.
John Richels: Yes, David that was all crown acreage.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay.
John Richels: So, there is nothing not a negotiated royalty on that.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Perfect, and then looking at your financial position and that it was $1.4 billion of acquisitions in the quarter, is that was a great number just wanted to clarify that in fourth quarter?
John Richels: I think that was $1.4 billion included some of the acquisitions in the third quarter and the acquisitions that we plan to close in the fourth quarter
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay, so that included.
Steve Hadden: That includes both.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: That’s the total second half of the year.
John Richels: 400 in the third quarter and the balance we think.
Steve Hadden: And what we really talking about David is what we had done over and above our mid year capital forecast that we gave out in the last quarter.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay, helpful. And then looking at kind of operation results at each one of the areas, I mean delivering pretty high rate wells. When you think about a horizontal well in the Haynesville Lime, how much better results would you expect from that?
Darryl Smette: That’s a great question David. Right now we are drilling vertical wells in, we would expect to see improvement with the horizontal wells, but we just haven’t drilled one yet and don’t have any benchmark to set on the Lime. So, we’re really taking a wait and see. We are very up of course with those results when you see those kinds of wells with only $5.5 million of capital. They are extremely economic, they hold up relatively well and so we are very excited about the vertical wells that we are drilling. We will drill that first horizontal well in January and just see what we get. They are – the old ratio of three to five, we’re not sure if that three to five times the rate, we’re not sure if that will hold in the Lime.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay and then on the marketing and midstream just the detail on fourth quarter guidance. What do you building in for kind of an average NGL percent of NYMEX oils at around the 40% to 45% we are seeing now or?
John Richels: Yes, it’s running around 48% right now and I think that’s the numbers that were running through model for the fourth quarter
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: And then as you look forward to next year, do you think you normalize back to the 50% to 55%?
John Richels: Well, our best guess at this time is that we’ll probably go back to the 50% to 60%.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay.
John Richels: But obviously with all of the turmoil we’re seeing in the credit markets and how that’s affecting not only our industry, but a downstream consumer that’s certainly subject to some fluctuation.
David Heikkinen – Tudor Pickering Holt: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning.
Larry Nichols: Good morning.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Going back to the Haynesville Lime wells. How are you thinking about that whole opportunities and ultimately if you think about commingling – first of all is that even possible or worthwhile? And how do you think about the total potential from the couple wells that you drill there?
Steve Hadden: Brian, let me see if I can break this down. We’re focused in both obviously there is multiple pace there in that area. You get everything from the Travis Peak down through the Pettit, the Cotton Valley, the Haynesville Shale and then the Haynesville Lime, which is just below the Shale. Right now, we’re focused on not comingling those and working on getting a good read on the long-term performance of the Lime and testing Lime across our acreage position and then in few other places. So, we don’t have plans right now to do commingled completions in the Lime and the Haynesville Shale. We are continuing with our Haynesville work. We have probably a half a dozen vertical wells that are down in the Haynesville and producing – in Haynesville Shale and producing and then these two horizontal wells will be done here very quickly. We will frac the first one just next week and get those results and then the second one drilling Shelby County. We’ll have those results sometime in the fourth quarter and then continue with that horizontal program so, we are not taking it up in terms of coming up program at this point.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Okay and from a big picture perspective, how you are looking at the production growth in 2009 overall in the context of trying to spend within your cash flow and how should we think about the aggressiveness of further leasing next year relative to you what we have seen this quarter in the last couple…
Vince White: Brian, this is Vince. I will take a shot at that. I think that the key thing that you have said is that, we planned a little within our cash flow and we are running a variety of scenarios right now for capital spend for 2009 under various commodity price environments and that is still a pretty big wildcard. We have provided some guidance over six or nine months ago, we showed you some expected growth curves under a couple of different practicing scenarios that kind of shows the variability with commodity prices, when you live within cash flow. As far as the aggressiveness of leasing in 2009, I think we are a very opportunity rates at this point, we have made some big strives as especially, if we can close these deals that they are looking for the closing in the fourth quarter and I think that is not a pace that we would expect to repeat every year. So, we will be focused more on developing what we have in 2009 than making large acreage captures like we did in the second half of this year.
Steve Hadden: And Brain, if I can maybe just add a couple of points that Larry who was talking about as John speaking on that Larry mentioned earlier, I think they are really important. What we have done here, first of all and we have had some terrific opportunities to pick-up very, very attractive acreage recently and as Vince said, we tended to be opportunity driven and what we really did is as Larry said, in essence swapped the African properties for these very, very good properties in North America, where we have a physical and regulatory stability that we have, but it is really important for us to maintain the strong balance sheet and the liquidity, particularly in these times of uncertainty having that financial strength is a real key for us and we are not going to roll that.
Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. A question concerning the Haynesville Lime just your thoughts on what’s controlling the productivity and just how broaden opportunity is it in side stock and field in outside?
Stephen Hadden: Tom, this is Steve. It is relatively early in the place. This is the first preface that I want give to these comments and we have drilled these wells and gotten very good results early on. Right now in the area we have 24000 acres, net acres just in the area where we have been drilling these wells, and we are in the process of defining those limits, but, we – the limits of the field where we can get that kind of repeatable performance. But that being said we think there is significant running room there. There is questions like at those rates what’s the appropriate spacing, what are the limits within that area of the Lime that that perspective area of the Lime and then of course we are expanding our thinking to other areas looking to where the Lime maybe productive. So it’s relatively early and we are not at a point to where we will talk about, what we think is driving the performance of the wells at this point, because we think that’s a bit of competitive issue right now.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company:  Yes, I understand. Jumping over the gross pack in light of your continued success there, are you anticipating revising your $90 million barrel resource potential upward at any point?
Steve Hadden:  We’ll look at that again here coming at the end of this year and then very early next year and we will revise our resource potential there. We think to look at it generally on an annual basis unless we have a very significant event and I don’t see it’s making us a near term revision based on the results of those three wells at this point, but we will take another look at it in January and then make another assessment.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Great and just one question on your acreage acquisition there in the Haynesville, where was that the 50,000 acres?
Steve Hadden: It was really all over in between east Texas and some in Louisiana.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: And similar question for Horn River, do you see that incremental acreage is being just as perspective issue original holding?
Steve Hadden: Yes, absolutely, we think it’s good or better than the original acres that we have assemble there so. That the last 46,000 acres we added with that sale, fit right in, and compete very well on as far as reservoir quality in the shale there. So, we are real excited about that position. We are about 153000 acres, which is one of the top holders in the play.
Tom Gardner – Simmons & Company: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Hi, guys good morning. I guess a couple of things. First, Steve can you comment on the upside potential you see on the Drunkard's Wash acquisition?
Steve Hadden: We think there is upside. We aren’t prepared at this point to really talk about the upside, it’s a great position for us. Number one, because we think it has significant potential in Farren, which is primary coal seam that’s being produced right now and we have a lot of experience in that area. We are looking forward, we just got property; we are looking forward to work, which is Conoco. They have about 25% and then XTO’s was about 31 and we are sitting here with 44%. So, we are just now really digging into that. We do think there is upside potential, but we are not at the point where we talk about it in some detail yet.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Okay. Steve, secondly what you trade for that additional interest in the St. Mallow unit
Steve Hadden:  Essentially what it was, we had a very small position in a discovery call Julia, which was I think its just, if I think about in mind it just to the east maybe a little bit to the north and east of St. Mallow – and we traded a small interest in Julia for that 2.5% in St. Mallow.
Mark Gilman – Benchmark: Okay and finally, this relates to certain extent to one of the questions that have been raised up to this point. It almost appears, if the lion’s share of the incremental acreage, maybe even the entire acreage package in the Haynesville, is located considerably west of where one might on a very preliminary basis be thinking in terms of a suite spot of the play. Is that an accurate observation in terms of how the acreage position as it stands currently plays out or would you choose to characterize it differently?
John Richels: Mark, I don’t think that it was as Steve said, it wasn’t 50,000 acres in one area and the next 50,000 acres is in one area, what we did as we continue to increase our interest in fill in and around the areas that we think of most perspective in the area and Steve then his folks have done a lot of work on doing some very detailed isopack mapping of the thickest parts of the Shale and where we think the most commercial in best parts to that play are going to be located and so, its really scattered around there, but adjacent to area where we all ready have interest, so that we can take advantage of scale and when we really start our drilling operations.
Larry Nichols: Clearly the East Taxes part of the play is going to be a very, very attractive area, but it still way too early in the development of this field to say where are the suite spot or the suite spots there maybe several in this filed are located.
John Richels: Okay guys thanks very much.
Operator:  (Operator instructions)
Vince White:  It appears that a couple of the questions in the queue were ended inadvertently dropped. So, if you got a question please renter.
Operator: (Operator instructions) your next question comes from the line of Rehan Rashid with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Rehan Rashid – FBR Capital Markets: Good morning. On the deepwater side U.S. Gulf of Mexico is there any thoughts on what the program could look like for ’09?
Steve Hadden: Well, yes this is Steve. We will continue with the appraisal work that we talked about on St. Malo and Jack. We will be drilling a well; actually we will spud the well at Cascade probably in, well definitely in this fourth quarter and then be drilling in through the first quarter of next year on the Cascade well. We also potentially could have another operated exploratory well from the exploration standpoint and we will drill, we will finish drilling the first operated well, the first producing well at Cascade in the first half of the year and then drill the second well during 2009 for Cascade heading towards that first production in 2010. So, principally you are going to see us doing appraisal work and the development work at Cascade and then we may have a exploration well or through in the deepwater but we are just going through our 2009 budget now.
Rehan Rashid – FBR Capital Markets: Got it, Steve just taking with the deepwater here have all the drilling that you guys have done let’s just say over the last year or two anything that has changed or what have you added to your knowledge base with regards to how the evolution would look like in the sub-salt you ask versus maybe kind of look what it seems like the more faster evolution on the Brazilian side?
Steve Hadden: Well in the Gulf of Mexico, we are continuing to add to our knowledge base, we have got a couple of very good discoveries on the go and what we are learning and working through issues around completions and production facility configuration and optimizing those things is very important that we get from Jack and St. Malo, but we are able to also go through that information and combine that information with what we are getting out of the Cascade operation from a completions standpoint and completions design standpoint also from a facility standpoint where we are going to have the first FPSO in the Gulf of Mexico and so we are getting a lot of information and moving up the learning curve quite quickly in the Gulf of Mexico and we will bring that to bare along with our partners experience when we look places like Cascade and potentially if we have a discovered at Bass, we will apply there. In Brazil, it is still a bit early, but obviously we have a bit of experience in Brazil with FPSOs in net operation, because we bought the FPSO in for Polvo and we have got a good relationship with Petra brass and our partners with them on many of those blocks. We also obviously can bring that, bear that experience that we have in the Gulf of Mexico working together with either Petra brass or other partners that we have in the Gulf – in Brazil and apply those learning. So, I think we feel very good where we are positioned there from our learning’s and development standpoint and we are very encouraged by the Oahu discovery and by our inventory of billable opportunities we have both in the pre-salts and in some other targets.
Rehan Rashid – FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. On going to Haynesville Lime quickly, anything that you can share in terms of well designed on both of the vertical one that you just drilled and how are you thinking about the horizontal frac numbers, length of well bore whatever that can share?
Steve Hadden: Well, not much at this point, where – and basically the IPs and the performance of the wells and so we still view this really competitive in evolving opportunity that is really a great opportunity of those kind of rates and that kind of economic leverage that we get in wells that are over 20 million a day for $5.5 million.
Rehan Rashid – FBR Capital Markets: Okay and on the realize on gas prices for onshore U.S. and 70% of NYMEX and any process to what will need to happen and where the boardwalk coming online next year, how will that help and when should be – what can we expect this differentials improve a little bit?
Darryl Smette: Yes, this is Darryl. You are here right on and of course, we have just went through two months of exceptionally warm weather being September and October and now going into November and you couple that with the increased capacity – or the increased supply we are seeing out of the Barnett Shale or the Fayetteville shale, out of east Texas, all of that gas is really trying to go to a constrained pipeline system going east and that has really affected differentials in those different areas and currently those differentials you probably have seen are in the 275 range. Boardwalk is due to come on in the first quarter right now our best estimate is probably going to be February 1 and mid-February Devon has substantial front transportation in that pipeline, we would expect that once that pipeline becomes operational that you will see those differentials which are now quite wide. We will begin to narrow and our hope is that they will go back to where they were maybe six, eight months ago. So, we do think there is hope on horizon obviously with the downturn in commodity prices in the financial situation we are in, we don’t know what the impact is going to be on drilling for this industry, but as you probably know for new wells we’ve drilled as an industry over the last two or three years. We have seen about a 60% decline in the first year with base that declining about 30%. So it’s not going to take very long if we do have a downturn and active rigs drilling to see that impact on U.S. supply.
John Richels: Rehan, we’re going to have to move on, we can take one more question.
Rehan Rashid – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. That’s it from me. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Rogovin [ph] with Wachovia. Please proceed with your question.
John Rogovin – Wachovia: Hi, good morning everybody. I’m sorry if I missed a little bit more this detail, but could you just walk me through the bigger picture driving force behind with Chevron transaction and the assets swap? 
Steve Hadden:  The big picture drivers on the Chevron transaction.
John Rogovin – Wachovia: Yes, if you look at the implied value on the asset, it just seems a little bit rich from a share assets value perspective. So I wanted to see if there was an underlying driving force that was not necessarily outlined in the press release?
Vince White:  We, it’s important to bear in mind that had we just issued those shares to the exchangeable holders or sold the shares that we would have had a tax bill of approximately $350 million. So that impacted our assessment of the relative values of the transaction, but the value that we put on the Drunkard's Wash assets suite itself. We think it’s a very reasonable value.
Steve Hadden:  Yes, there are two things you need to look at and looking at that. One is our alternative for – is what Vince just said our alternative to deal with that was to sell the shares and realize a very large tax gain up-front. Second is as we have said several times we think that field has significant undeveloped potential that given our expertise in this time reservoir we think we can add.
John Rogovin – Wachovia: Okay and then just kind of corners off the Brian’s question earlier maybe asked a little bit of a different way. Do you have an estimate of what you back of the enveloped maintenance CapEx number for 2009 just a whole production flat? I know you haven’t given too much detail on the full year budget, but just trying to get a feel for given the current environment where things shake out?
Larry Nichols:  Of course, one way to approach that is our F&D has been running in $16 to $18 barrel range – barrel equivalent range and you can multiple that times our production number and you see where we are in terms of maintenance capital versus growth capital.
John Rogovin – Wachovia: Okay, I just want to make sure they tie with my numbers. Okay, thank you. I guess the last thing moving up to the Horn River. There has been some pretty solid results coming from some your competitors. Can you just give me an idea of where your acreage position is in relation to some of the larger caps that have had announcements out there? And then secondly is there any what do you see as a largest hurdles and/or constraints out there if you look at the development project maybe three or five years down the road?
Steve Hadden:  Yes, John this is Steve. If you look at our acreage position in Horn River we are adjacent to the major property holders that you will see. The first partial that we captured up there was a little bit to the eastern side. This latest partial is just a little bit on the western flank, but still adjacent to the some of the other major property holders up there and then the other part of the acreage is right in between those two. So, we feel like we are in a very good part of the play in very good position relative to the shale. Some of the challenges up there simply exist around, the commercial challenges that end up being around, we are optimizing completions and making sure we get our cost down as it relates to the wells themselves and get that inline relative to the good gas potential that we are seeing from the shale and then once you get above ground of course there are commercial issues of both either processing or transporting the gas moving out and we have worked with people in that area have dealt with those early challenges quite well we think and feel optimistic about the future and development going forward, but those were some of the challenges, that we saw and still see to a degree Horn River area.
John Richels: Sometimes, we will hear people talking as well about the fact that it’s a winter drilling area and that’s a challenge today, but as we move forward there are more and more roads being all weather roads being put in drilling pads that type of things. So, the while the winter drilling aspect is more of a challenge that will decrease overtime.
John Rogovin – Wachovia: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Vince White: Operator I am showing a couple of minutes after the top of the hour. We still got quite a few questions in the queue. So, out of respect for everybody’s time we are going to cut the call off and remind you that we will be around all day to answer any questions you want to follow up with. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - Vice President of Communication and Investor Relations John Richels - President Stephen Hadden - Senior VP of Exploration & Production Darryl Smette - Senior Vice President of Marketing and Midstream
Analysts:  Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company David Heikkinen - Tudor Pickering Holt Brian Singer - Sachs Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan Fletcher Stern - Diamondback Company Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company  
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Devon Energy's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks we will conduct a question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White – Vice President of Communication and Investor Relations:  Thank you operator, good morning everyone and welcome to Devon’s second quarter 2008 conference call and webcast. Our Chairman and CEO Larry Nichols will not participate in todays call due to the death last Sunday of his father John Nichols, instead, our President John Richels will begin with his perspective on the quarter and Steve Hadden, Senior Vice President of Exploration & Production will review the operating highlights and John will return and conclude with the financial review. At that point, we will open the call up to your questions, and as usual we will ask that you hold your questions to one with one followup per participants. We will try to keep the call to about an hour and a replay will be available later today through our link on the hompage. During the call today we’re going to update some of our 2008 forecast and estimates based on actual results for the first half of the year and our current outlook for the second half of the year. In addition to the update that we’re going to give on todays call we would be filing an 8-K later today that will provide the details of our completed updated estimates for 2008. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under US Securities law, and while we always attempt to be as accurate as possible, there are numerous factors that could cause our actual results to differ from estimates and therefore we encourage you to review the discussion risk factors and uncertainties that is provided with the Form 8-K that we will file today. One other compliance note, we will refer today to several non-GAAP performance measures and we make reference to these measures, we will require to make certain disclosures on the Securities Law these disclosures are available on our website that addresses Devonenergy.com. And I also want to point out that as a result of our decision to sell our assets in Africa and terminate our operations there, the accounting rules requires to excludes oil and gas produced from our African assets from reported production volumes that’s true for all periods that we’re presenting. Revenues and expenses for the discontinued operations are summarized in the discontinued operations line item at the end of the statement operation, but we have also provided for your reference an additional table in today's release that gives a detailed statement of operations as well as production volumes attributable to the properties that we are divesting. On a reported basis discontinued operation this quarter includes a 647 million after tax gain on the divested African properties. As enhanced for several quarters, accounting for discontinued operations impacted the comparability of analyst earnings estimate this quarter. Most analysts chose to report the first call and that exclude discontinued operation, the mean estimate of those are analyst that excluded discontinued operations was 323 a share for the quarter. That compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continued operations of 328, so we came in nickel over the consensus or mean estimate. Also I want point out one unusual item that reduced cash flow, there was a $295 million current tax charge that was attributable to the repatriation of cash from foreign subsidiaries during the quarter. The net proceeds from Devon’s African divestiture combined with repatriation cash from foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately $3 billion in the second quarter. With those items out of the way, I will turn the call over to John Richels.
John Richels – President: Thanks Vince and good morning everyone. As Vince mentioned John W. Nichols passed away last Sunday. John and Larry co-founded Devon and John served most recently as the company’s emeritus. The oil and gas industry was John’s passion, and there are many things for which he will be remembered. In 1950 he registered the nation’s first public oil and gas drilling fund with the US Securities and Exchange Commission which became an important funding vehicle for the industry for many years. He and his partners in the Blackwood Nichols company discovered the Northeast Blonco unit and the San Juan Basin in New Mexico, a field that is still producing 58 years later with Devon as operator. This pioneering continued in 1971 when he ask Larry to join them in the creation of Devon Energy Corporation with just four employees and no oil and gas assets. In 1995 and an event honoring Devon Larry made these comment about his father. Devon has come a long way and yet Devon is still exactly where we started, it still has all the characteristics John Nichols gave it, we are optimistic about our future creative and solving our problems, resource full in exploiting our opportunities and above all else honest in our dealings with everyone, we console the legacy of John W. Nichols lives on. These words are as true today as they were when Larry said more than decade ago, and John Nichols will truly be missed. Now moving to the business of the quarter, beginning with the second quarter highlights this is another quarter of outstanding financial performance. The results were fueled by our continuing product growth and the strength of our oil and natural gas in NGL prices. Second quarter reported earnings reached $1.3 billion or $2.88 per share, and as news is indicated our non-GAAP earnings of 1.5 billion or $3.39 per share set an all time record. Cash flow before balance sheet changes reached a record $2.7 billion in the second quarter or $3 billion if you exclude the tax impact of the repatriation of foreign cash. We grew our production of oil and gas natural gas and natural gas liquids from retained properties to 58.5 million oil equivalent barrel. So that marks a ninth consecutive quarter of production growth. Our marketing and midstream business also delivered all time record results where quarterly operating profits exceeding $200 million. And during the second quarter we redeemed all of our outstanding preferred stock thereby simplifying our balance sheet and eliminating about $10 million of annual preferred dividends. With the sale of our asset in Equatorial Guinea are closing for $2.2billion during the quarter, we have substantially completed the African divesture program. We expect to complete the remaining roughly $250 million of African divestiture later this year. When we first announced our plans to exit Africa in January 2007 we outlined our intentions for deploying another proceeds. We indicated that we would allocate the proceeds of debt reduction and share repurchases and we are doing just that. Upon receive the proceeds from the sales and repatriation about the international cash balances we repaid all commercial paper and other short term debt balances. This brought ratio of mid-debt to total capitalization to its lowest level in more than the decade only 11% at June 30. Later this month we will eliminate the remaining debentures exchangeable into Chevron common stock that we inherited when we required PennZenergy in 1999. These securities mature on August 15, and upon maturity the intention provides of the holders may receive either Chevron shares help by Devon or the cash equivalents at Devon’s option. We intend to redeem all of the debentures with cash and are exploring the best ways to maximize the value of our 14.2 million Chevron common shares. These shares currently have a market value of about $1.2 billion. As of June 30, we had redeemed about 18% of the debentures at a total cost of $214 million. And so far in the third quarter we have redeemed another 10% of the debentures at a cost of $122 million. Redemption of the remaining debentures will require about $837 million in additional cash assuming the current prices of Chevron stock for those yet to be redeemed. Even after the debt repayment so that discussed will have a substantial amount of additional cash to deploy in the second half of the year. As we stated in the past our priority is to allocate capital in such a way that maximizes growth and reserves production earnings and cash flow on a per debt adjusted share basis. We have been and will continue to be in the market repurchasing Devon common stock. Our board has authorized thus repurchases approximately 54 million shares or 12% of shares outstanding. During the first half of 2008 we deployed $302 million repurchasing 2.8 million shares of Devon stock. So far in the third quarter we agree to repurchase more than 3 million additional shares bringing the total shares repurchases year-to-date to 5.9 million. I will remind you that based on yesterdays closing prize for Devon shares and a modest allocation of value to our marketing and mid-stream business of 8 times the trailing top months EBITDA. The purchase of Devon shares represents the acquisition of our proof results at a price of less than $16 per barrel, and this analysis attribute no value to a thousands of unproofed locations in the Barnett. No value to our four discoveries and 21 untested prospects in the Lower Tertiary. No value to our 483,000 net acres in the Haynesville Shale, no value to the continued o expansion of our Jackfish SAGD complex, no value to the millions of un proven acrid – acres that we have established another North American plays and no value to our international exploration inventory. Its hard for us to imagine an acquisition opportunity in today’s market that would represent a more compelling value to us in Devon shares. In addition repaying $2.6 billion of debt in prepared shares and restarting our substantial share repurchase program optimizing the value of Devon on a day suggested share basis calls for investing an incremental $1.7 billion in 2008 exploration and production projects. This would result in full year EMP capital expenditures of 7.3 to $7.6 billion. A significant portion of this income and of capital is directed to additional acreage capture in North America and increased investment in the Lower Tertiary trend to build up on our long term opportunities set. Steve Hadden will peak to these additional capital projects in his operations review and I will discuss the expected production impact later in the call. With that now turn the call over to Steve Hadden.
Stephen Hadden - Senior VP of Exploration & Production: Thanks John and good morning everyone. I will begin with the quick recap of company wide drilling activity. We drilled 494 wells in a second quarter. Of these 16 were classified as exploratory and 81% were successful. Remaining 478 wells were classified as development of which 98% were successful. Our recount average to 130 rigs during the second quarter and repeat at the end of June with a 143 rigs running with two of them drilling Devon operated wells. Capital expenditures for exploration development were 1.7 billion for the quarter, despite total exploration and development capital for the six months to $3.5 billion. As John mentioned, we have elected to leverage a portion of our robust cash-flow and increase 2008 EMP capital spending. With our increased budget we expect total reserve additions for the year to come in between 450 and 480 million barrels of oil equipment. So the outlook for 2008 is once again to deliver very competitive funding and development cost with prove reserve additions far exceeding the year’s production. About 700 roughly half of the increase is directed towards acreage capture and testing of emerging plays that will have little impact on 2008 production or reserve additions. This acreage however will provide additional opportunities to fuel future growth. In our resource updated March we disclose that we held some 950,000 net acres in various emerging place with earnest resources potential of little over 2.1 billion barrels of the oil. Since that time we’ve continued to acquire land and gain additional information allowing us to significantly de-risk these emerging plays. Today we hold over 1.3 million net acres in these place with unrisked potential net to Devon of more than 8.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This includes a significant position in Haynesville Shale that I will talk more about in just a minute and also includes more than a 100,000 net acres in Canada’s Horn River Basin and nearly 600,000 net acres across two new unconventional gas plays in the Rocky Mount. We initially elected to referring and saying much about Devon’s position in Haynesville Shale when it became hot topic of few months ago. Instead, we continue to expand our knowledge of the play to drilling and testing activities. Our approach was to combine our local knowledge of East Texas where we already produced more than 350 million cubic feet of gas equivalent a day with our understanding of unconventional reservoirs. We have acquired this knowledge by drilling thousands of tight gas wells including more than 3000 wells in Barnett Shale. Although we are not ready to share anything we’ve learnt today, we really have to summit your question about Devon’s Haynesville position. We’ve been successful in adding acreage and today we have approximately 483,000 net acres in Haynesville Shale play area in Texas and Louisiana with more to come. This gives Devon a largest position announced today. Much of our Haynesville acreage is held by production form others zone that we’re developing in area and we have supplemented this with additional leasing. Enhancing the economics of a 483,000 net acres is little royalty burden averaging less than 25%. Much like our approach to Barnett Shale, we’re carefully assisting results and characterizing the shale to define and derisk the play based on economics and repeatability. Based on our mapping work to date early estimate put the resource under our net acreage that almost 73 PCS of gas in place. We are obviously very early in the life of this play and more drilling and testing it immediate to fully characterize this potential. We expect to drill our first Haynesville horizontal in the third quarter. However, we have 14 vertical Haynesville penetration including three wells before course, four wells currently on production and one well in the completion phase. During the second half of 2008 we will continue to evaluate our acreage to optimize location selection and accelerate development. Now moving on to North America’s most significant and best established shale play, the Barnett Shale fuel in North Texas. There have been some recent comments by other operators that few like reduction might be nearing the top, in case big for those other producers but this is certainly not Devon’s view. We believe our net Barnett Shale production will nearly double over the next several years to as much as 2 billion cubic feet equivalent per day and were 75,000 rest drilling locations, we have more than 10 use of drilling inventory in Barnett. We are currently running 32 Devon operated rigs in the Barnett. In the second quarter we bought a 189 wells on Maine in an average rate of 2.2 million cubic feet gas per day. In select areas of the play we began drilling long lateral horizontals of outstanding results. For example two wells came online during the second quarter each with IP rates in excess of 5.5 million cubic feet a day. These longer laterals are ranging from 3500 to 4000 feet and typically required between 8 and 10 flat stages which total our cost of about $3.7 million per well. Our total net Barnett Shale production on average almost 1.1 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the second quarter, a record and up over 7% from just the first quarter and up 34% year-over-year. We now expect to drill between 630 to 660 wells this year. We expect our net production to top 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent per day by year end and expect our net production to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. Moving East and shifting to our Cotton Valley drilling programs in Carthage area, East and East Taxes, in the second quarter we drilled 39 new wells as part of our 7 rig vertical well program. In addition we completed 6 wells or we completed 6 wells in the second quarter. We also continued to see good results from our horizontal drilling program in the Carthage area, with four rigs now drilling horizontal wells.
 : Southwest of Carthage at Groesbeck, we completed three outstanding 100% owned wells in the Nan-Su-Gail field in the second quarter. The Crenshaw 19H IP to 20 million a day, the Crenshaw 15H at 15 million a day and the Hill 12H at 13.5 million cubic feet a day. These wells help drive our net Groesbeck production to a record 90 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day. That’s a 5% from the first quarter and 26% compared with the second quarter of 2007. East Texas is a powerful part of North America growth strategy and with the addition of the infill program it should push us to a homely level. We are also generating new excitement in the Woodford Shale. We are achieving excellent results from the Devon operated 4000 foot lateral horizontals. As a result, our typical well Woodford now yields recoverable reserves between 3.5 and 4.5 bcf with drilling costs in the 6 to $6.5 million range. Long run over horizontals and are now into full scale development are starting to drive up our production. Our net Woodford production averaged 38 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the second quarter up 41% from the first quarter average and up 131% compared with the second quarter of 2007. We now have 6 operated rigs running and we bought a total of 8 new operated wells during the second quarter with the initial production rates as high as 7.1 million cubic feet a day. Moving to the Rockies, in the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, we had three rigs currently running and including two Devon operated rigs drilling in the Big George Formation. We expect to drill more than 110 new wells by year end. Our net Powder River production averaged 88 million cubic feet of gas a day in the second quarter up 12% from the first quarter average and up 46% compared with the second quarter of 2007. We are on track to set an all time production record in the Powder doing the third quarter and to exit 2008 above our previously announced target of 100 million cubic feet a day. The Powder River Basin produces natural gas from Cole Scenes is another example of Devon's deep inventory of unconventional resources. We have more than 250,000 net acres in the Basin. Also in the Rockies in the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, we had two rigs running for a good part of the quarter and drilled a total of 6 operated wells. We initiated drilling on our first horizontal well in the field during the second quarter. The well is currently nearing its total depth. We will begin refracting the first of 7 stages over the next few weeks and should have results for our third quarter call. Our net Washakie production averaged 111 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the second quarter up 16% from the first quarter average. Now shifting into the Gulf of Mexico, I will give you a quick update on our Lower Tertiary trend program. Appraisal operations continued at Jack St. Malo on both the Jack No. 3 and St. Malo No. 4 appraisal wells. The owners in these two Lower Tertiary projects continue work towards the selection of a final development concept and expect a sanction development around year end 2009. Devon has a 25% working interest in Jack and a 22.5% working interest in St. Malo. Also in the Lower Tertiary in the second quarter we successfully completed appraisal operations on a sidetrack well on the Kaskida Prospect at Keathley Canyon block 292. This was a reentry to sidetrack of the initial discovery2006 discovery well. We also plan to begin drilling another appraisal well at a new location late this year. BP is the operator of Kaskida with 73.3% working interest and Devon has the remaining 26.7% working interest. At Cascade, our 50-50 Lower Tertiary project with Petrobras. We plan to begin drilling the Cascade #3 well in the fourth quarter. This will be one of two initial producer wells at Cascade. The design and construction of the production facilities is progressing well. We expect to install ri prers in FPSO marine system in 2009 as well as flowlines in gas export pipeline. First production from Cascade is planned for just two years from now in mid 2010. In our deepwater exploration program, we have two additional Lower Tertiary exploration wells planned for this year. The Bass Prospect, which is operated by Devon with 50% working interest is on Keathley Canyon 596 and is now drilling. We are also participating in a well expected to spud this month on the Damascus Prospect on Walker Ridge 581. This Lower Tertiary exploratory well is operated by Chevron and Devon is participating with a 28.3% working interest. Both Bass and Damascus will likely be drilling through year end. And finally in the deepwater Miocene, after some mechanical challenges, we are drilling ahead on the North Sturgis well in Atwater Valley block 138. Devon has a 25% working interest in Sturgis North, which is operated by Chevron. Moving to Canada, in our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we continue to be active with a five rig program. In the second quarter, we drilled 55 new wells. Total net production from Lloydminster averaged more than 42,000 barrels a day in the second quarter, up 12% over the second quarter of 2007. We remain on schedule for startup of our second 10,000 barrel a day expansion at our Manatokan plant in the fourth quarter to handle our growing production volumes. At our 100% owned Jackfish Thermal Heavy Oil Project in Eastern Alberta, production continued to climb in the second quarter to 14,500 barrels a day at June 30th. Production will continue to ramp up throughout the remainder of the year and we expect to exit 2008 producing around 25,000 barrels a day. We expect to achieve our sustainable peak rate of 35,000 barrels per day in the first half of 2009 with both the plant and the reservoir demonstrating top quartile performance. We are very pleased with the results to-date. At our Jackfish 2 project, we anticipate receiving regulatory approval later this month and hope to begin site work shortly thereafter. Jackfish 2 will essentially double the size of our Jackfish operations, adding 300 million barrels of reserves and another 35,000 barrels a day of oil production. Evaluation of Jackfish 3 is underway with additional drilling slated for this winter to further delineate the resources under our acreage. We are quite pleased with the overall performance of our exploration and development portfolio and exceeded our production estimate for the second quarter. However, our Polvo development offshore Brazil is one project that continued to face significant challenges. Because of mechanical issues including drilling problems and submersible pump failures, Polvo remains behind schedule. Based on the reservoir data we have seen, we believe our reservoirs estimates for Polvo are and we will get all the planned wells on production but not until next year. In spite of the setback at Polvo, our large and diverse property portfolio continues to provide consistent, reliable and highly profitable growth in reserves and production. That concludes the operations update. Now, I will turn the call back over to John to review our financial results for the second quarter. John?
John Richels - President: Thanks Steve. I plan to take you through a quick analysis of the key drivers that shaped our second quarter financial results and review how these factors impact our outlook for the second half of the year. As a reminder, we reclassify the assets, liabilities and results of operations in Africa as discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. I will focus my comments on our continuing operations which will exclude the results attributable to Africa. So beginning with production, as I indicated during the opening comments, in the second quarter, we produced 58.5 million equivalent barrels or approximately 643,000 barrels equivalent per day. In the first quarter conference call, we told you that due to our contractual increase in the Azeri government share of production on the ACG unit, we expect that our companywide second quarter production to be flat with the first quarter. However, the second quarter outperformance of our North American onshore properties resulted in production coming in about 0.5 million barrels better than our forecast. This gave us our ninth consecutive quarter of production growth. The payout at ECG also impacted the comparison to the year ago quarter. Comparing second quarter 2008 results and the second quarter 2007 (audio gap) once again that onshore segment produce the strongest growth led by the Barnett Shale in East Texas US onshore production grew by 16% or 55,000 barrels per day over the second quarter of last year. Canadian production also strengthened up approximately 4% over the second quarter of 2007 due to the ramp up of production from our Jackfish Side B and Lloydminster projects. The growth we delivered in the first half of 2008 is significantly less than the growth that we expect for the full year. Based upon our year-to-date results and the 2008 impact of the incremental capital as Steve mentioned we are increasing our production outlook for the year and narrowing the range to between 240 to 244 million oil equivalent barrels. This implies about a 2 million barrel increase compared with the guidance we offered in May. We expect our production to grow approximately 61 million barrels in the third quarter and roughly 64 million barrels in the fourth quarter. Looking at the next year, we believe we are on track to deliver top line production growth of 10% of more. For 2009 we now expect to deliver between 265 and 280 million equivalent barrel. This represents an increase of approximately 6 million barrels over the midpoint of our previous 2009 forecast of 259 to 274 million barrels. Our 2009 growth will be driven largely by continued strong performance of our US onshore properties and an increase in production from Jackfish. Moving onto price realization starting with oil. During the second quarter the WTI benchmark average rose to a record setting $124.28 per barrel up 91% over the second quarter of 2007. In addition to a higher benchmark prices oil price differentials for all geographic regions remains narrow and better than the top end of our guidance ranges. Our company wide realized price average $110.55 per barrel or roughly 89% of the WTI index. Looking at the remainder of the year we expect our average oil differentials to widen slightly as Jackfish and Polvo volumes become a larger part of our oil production mix. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub index rose to $10.94 per mcf in the second quarter. This was 45% higher than the second quarter of 2007 and 36% above last quarter. Our company wide gas price realizations before the impact of hedges came in a touch above the midpoint of our guidance at approximately 88% of Henry Hub. In the second quarter cash settlements on hedges reduced our realization by a $1.32 per mcf getting us a realized price including cash hedging settlements of $8.29 per mcf. Updates to our full year differential guidance will be provided in todays 8-K. Turning now to our marketing and midstream business, Devon’s marketing and midstream operation once again delivered outstanding results. Operating profit reached $204 million in the second quarter, exceeding our previous quarterly record by nearly 20%. In total our marketing and midstream operating profit for the first half of the year declined to $377 million, that’s nearly $150 million higher than in the first half of last year. Our record setting operating profit was once again driven by increased throughput and strong commodity prices. Based on the impressive results in the first half of the year we expect full year marketing and midstream operating profit to be in the range of $700 to $760 million. This represents an increase of $200 million from the midpoint of our previous guidance. The final item I want to cover before we move to expenses is the $1.2 billion loss on oil and gas derivative instruments that we recorded in the second quarter. $912 million of this charge or 584 million after tax is an unrealized non-cash loss from a mark-to-market accounting adjustment related to our natural gas and oil hedging positions. As most of you know, mark-to-market accounting requires us to record the unrealized gains and losses relating to the fair value of the remaining life of the derivative instruments. To illustrate the effects of oil and gas price volatility based upon the current price environment, this non-cash accounting loss would have been completely eliminated. In today's earnings releases, you will find a table that provides the before and after-tax impact of this and other items that are generally excluded from analysts' estimates. Moving to expenses. Second quarter lease operating expenses were right inline with our guidance, coming in at $537 million or $9.18 per BOE. For the remainder of 2008, we anticipate higher unit LOE due to upward pressure on industry costs and a higher level of work over activity. However, we expect our full year LOE expenses to remain within our previous guidance range, but near the high end. Second quarter DD&A expense for oil and gas properties came in at $13.03 per barrel. This result is right in at the midpoint of our full year guidance range. For the third and fourth quarters, we expect our DD&A rate to be between $13.30 and $13.40 for equivalent barrel of production. Our second quarter G&A expense was $180 million. That's a $32 million increase over the first quarter 2008 results. 27 million of the increase resulted from a one-time non-cash cumulative charge related to a modification of stock vesting requirements to better reflect industry practices. If we exclude this non-cash charge, second quarter G&A expense is 5 million above the first quarter level. When we issue our annual stock grants in the fourth quarter, the new policy will result in a 15 to $20 million non-cash increase in G&A expense. Accordingly, we expect third quarter 2008 G&A cost to decline to somewhere 150 to $160 million and then increase again in the fourth quarter to between 180 and $190 million. That gives full year expected G&A expense of 660 to $680 million. Shifting to interest expense, interest expense for the second was $90 million. When compared to the second quarter of 2007, interest expense decreased by $17 million or 17%. The most significant driver was our lower debt levels brought about by the repayment of debt balances in early June. In the second half of the year, lower debt levels will also reflect the retirement of the Chevron exchangeable debentures in August. We expect interest expense to continue to decline to about $75 million in the third quarter and $65 million in the fourth quarter. Now let's move to income taxes, which were impacted by a lot of unusual items this quarter. Starting with the reported income tax expense from continued operations. This came in at $667 million with $414 million classified as current taxes and $253 million being deferred. This implies 53% tax rate on 1.3 billion of pretax income from continuing operations. However, our reported taxes were affected by some unusual items that require some explanation. In aggregate, we receive $306 million in deferred tax benefits driven by unrealized losses on oil and natural gas derivatives. The benefits, however, were offset almost entirely by $295 million current tax charge attributable to the repatriation of foreign cash to the United States and the effects of some related tax policy elections. We made the tax elections to minimize the taxes on repatriated cash and on gains associated with the African asset divestitures. After excluding all of the noise of these unusual items, we arrive at an adjusted pretax income from continued operations of nearly $2.2 billion and an adjusted total tax expense of $678 million. This comprises an adjusted current tax rate of just 6% and a deferred tax rate of 26% for a combined rate of 32%. So in summary, Devon continues to deliver solid financial and operating results. During the second quarter, we exceeded expectations for both production and earnings and generated free cash flow of $695 million over an above our very robust exploration development program. We ended the quarter with $1.8 billion in cash on hand and net debt to adjusted cap ratio of 11%. Looking to the remainder of 2008, we expect cash flow from operations to fund our capital expenditure budget, leaving us with a sizable cash balance and available fee cash flow to retire the Chevron exchangeable debentures and to continue our share repurchase program. So with that, at this point I am going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vince White - VP of Communications & IR: Thanks John. Operator, we are ready for the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question will come from the line of Tom Gardner from Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Tom Gardner: Good morning everyone.
Steve Hadden: Good morning.
Tom Gardner: Hey over in the Groesbeck area, are you still -- you know, given the success you had there to date, are you still looking at 6 bcf ultimate recovery and 150 locations, I already see that opportunity getting bigger overtime?
Steve Hadden: You know, Tom, we are seeing a relatively better performance that that planned number in these more recent wells. We haven’t really adjusted our model upwards yet. But if we continue to see those results we probably would. We are also in the Boseyer wells that we are drilling, we will drill about 15 this year and probably about the same number next year, and we are also doing some work on some -- there is some Boseyer line potential, significant Boseyer line potential in first horizontal field that has significant running room well over a 100 locations and we are just working through those pieces. So we think we will see those results continue this year and next year we are optimistic about that model moving up, but we haven’t adjusted it up yet.
Tom Gardner: Thanks for that. And one other question on the Lower Tertiary, my understanding is that the completion technology needs to improve to make the economics attractive, I think it has something to do with being able to complete the entire section. Can you give us an update on how that effort to improve technology is progression and what Devon's involvement in it has been?
Steve Hadden: Yeah Tom, I won't speak specifically about some of the specific prospects, because obviously we are keeping some of that technology and that development proprietary, but and within the partnership, but I will tell you that the current view we have on the completion still put all of our discoveries in the solid economic window with solid finding and development costs and we think we will get good production response in economic development. And we are moving forward with those developments starting with Cascade. With Cascade we are going to start drilling that second producing or the first producing well very soon. Devon is working actively that we have a few different vendors and we have some technology folks in order to optimize. It’s more of an optimization of those completions as opposed to a hurdle which shows they are currently uneconomic and we need to make them economic. So we are working with some of the major service providers, both with Cascade, but also with our partnership at Jack and St. Malo and the other discoveries that we have to move those forward. So our view is not that it’s uneconomic at this point and there is a threshold we have to clear in order to make it economic or desire as I think most of our partners is to optimize to get the best economics moving forward.
Tom Gardner: Thank you. I appreciate the detail.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Heikkinen from Tudor Pickering Holt. Please proceed.
David Heikkinen: Good morning guys and a lot of good information on the call. Thanks for that. When you think about the Haynesville and 73 TCF of gas in place and increasing the resource the potential from 2.1 billion barrels to 8.5 billion barrels, I want to make sure, first I got those numbers right that’s a big increase?
John Richels: Yes, that’s correct.
David Heikkinen: How do you think about then 11% of that’s cap, how aggressive can you get with your share repurchase program moving forward? What's the optimal debt balance versus buying a stock with that much resource?
John Richels: Dave, its John. I think on that point -- obviously, we are buying some of the stock back today with something other than just our free cash flow, because we repatriated a lot of funds and brought the proceed to disposition from the African divestitures back. As we ramp up our -- and so there is room for us to do some of each frankly. As we move forward and Steve can speak better to the pace or acceleration of that program going forward, it will ramp up in the kind of an orderly fashion. We won't suddenly increase that to a dramatic amount because you have got a lot of other issues that you have to deal with from operational point of view as we bring that up. We have been in a fortunate position over the last few years to being able to fund our capital program to a) increase our dividend every year for the last five years, pay down our debt and buyback stock and we remain and able to do that. As far as the appropriate debt level is concerned, we always thought that what's important to us to be a good investment grade credit and when our investment grade credit, we would rather be kind of a midlevel investment grade credit than a bottom level investment grade credit because there are enough things to concern yourself about in this business that we don't want to be one step away from dropping off that investment grade latter. So it's important for us to be investment grade and in kind of a mid cycle on a mid cycle basis or a in a mid cycle context that probably means a debt to cap in the 30 somewhere. So we certainly have a lot of room to not only deploy the funds that we have brought back, the free cash flow that we are going to generate, but we got a lot of capacity on the balance sheet and a lot of balance sheet strength to help us out over the next few years as we develop our portfolio.
Vince White: Dave, this is Vince. I might add to that that as we optimize growth on a debt adjusted share basis, we are dealing with a constantly evolving view of both what of course our share prices are unknown as we go forward, but also we are constantly updating our view of what our portfolio can do with incremental capital or by reducing capital. And so it's hard to point to a specific debt level that make sense under all circumstances.
David Heikkinen: What do you think a reasonable or optimized growth level on a debt adjusted basis is for Devon now with the increased guidance that you have just put out?
John Richels: Well, it's entirely dependent upon the commodity price environment and we show that in our March call that even under commodity price outlook that is significantly below the current strip, we could deliver growth on a compound annual basis in the low to mid teens and on a debt adjusted share basis and so that remains within our grasp. And obviously we are looking at 10% growth or better for next year based on the numbers we just gave. That's top line growth. You are adding the share of repurchases that we are able to make with free cash flow and it will move the needle up.
David Heikkinen: Okay. And then just one specific question. On the 483,000 acres, how much of that is held by production already in the Haynesville?
Steve Hadden: There is -- a majority it is held by production.
David Heikkinen: Fee acreage.
Steve Hadden: Or fee acreage, right. We have held by production acreage of course we have got significant position in East Texas and then we have fee acreage. So we are not feeling too much under the pressure of the clock as far as lease terms. We also are pushing hard to continue to lease in the area that’s why we are keeping information relatively tight to the best here and a goal we have is to add something probably in the neighborhood of another -- as much as another 100,000 acres to that number that we just put out. And I will point out that 483,000 acres is only about 64% of Devon's total acreage in East Texas and North Louisiana.
David Heikkinen: Okay. Thanks guys.
Steve Hadden: Thanks David.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Singer from Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you and good morning.
John Richels: Good morning Brian.
Brian Singer: Following up on one of the questions. You just spoke to some extent but I guess when you think about commodity prices and oil, Rockies gas, North American natural gas, your stock price level, can you put any numbers to where you could say X level of gas price and Y level of oil price, you would shift capital more into oil versus natural gas or more into share repurchase versus drilling?
John Richels: David, that’s a very very tough question to answer. We got as you know, we got large portfolio opportunities and I think we have talked before about the fact that we have – and we got fairly sophisticated portfolio modeling process so that we can ensure that every time we spend another dollar we’re putting at to – were reallocating at on the basis that’s going to create the most value and create the most growth on a per debt adjusted share basis. So its very specific to the areas I couldn’t – I don’t think really point to a specific commodity price, but let me give an example, when Canada got its expensive as of debt and foreign exchange rate went against thus as much as a bit that Lyoldminster prospect was still one of the prospect that gave us the highest rates of the return notwithstanding that was in that kind of cost environment and that wouldn’t have been the case on some other oil projects necessarily. So its very prospect dependent and really talk to answer that question.
Brian Singer:  Okay, thanks. Secondly there is been various commentary on the pace of growth industry wide in the Barnett Shale, and various areas within that seeing either plate owing or potentially taking. Can you speak to regionally within Devon’s acreage this in the Barnett how you see the growth trajectory over the next few years?
John Richels:  Well, we mentioned earlier Barnett that we got 7500 risk locations, and the great thing about the Barnett Shale is that is not only does it deliver great economics, it is very repeatable. And when we look at that inventory we see a 10 year repeatable inventory of growth for Devon. There are e inventory of durable opportunities for Devon and we see growth continuing well into the around the middle of the next decade. So – and we see more of a slowing of growth than we see a peak or plateau as you lookout even for the next three to five years.
Vince White:  Brian this is Vince. I am going to add that – it really comes as now surprised us and in fact you may have heard to say over the last year that we were expecting Devon to demonstrate differential performance in the Barnett Shale relative to our peers and that’s really related to the fact that is the first we were able to get the largest invest acreage position in the play you know, some of the fringe areas that we decided not to participate and I think some of the other players in the Barnett have decided that doesn’t compete well with other capital opportunities, in Devon’s case the vast majority of the 7500 gross locations that Steve mentioned or in the very best parts of the place. So we will continue to grow our production while others may not be able to.
Brian Singer:  Great thank you.
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Joe Allman from J.P. Morgan.
Joe Allman:  Yes, good morning everybody. Could you comment on a takeaway issues that you are preparing for related to the Barnett Shale and in competition with the takeaway to passive with the Haynesville Shale another East Texas and other regional place?
Darryl Smette:  Yeah Joe this is Darryl Smette, as it relates to the Barnett we haven’t place a number of film transportation agreements that – and we are currently working on more that will allow us to move all about production as we now see it including the forecast these people have provided just how they can drill that production. So we continually worked that, as you know we also have around midstream business. So we feel very comfortable, we are able to move our gas in well ahead to the main market centers, and beyond the market centers we think we have an upfront transportation already lined up that we are in the final stages of putting together we will be able to move that gas all the way to end use market. As it relates to the Haynesville obviously, as you’ve heard Steve say and John say, this is an emerging play, I mean, we have high hopes for the Haynesville, we think that has some really good characteristics, but its still emerging. There is a lot of unknown there yet. What we can tell you as we have about. We as an industry have about 8 bcf of pipeline takeaway capacity and I am not talking gathering, I am talking mainline capacity take gas to market. There is about 7 bcf about that the subscribes, and there is about a bcf of available capacity is on subscribe. In talking with the pipelines our current number suggest that t we could add additional capacity of about 1.5 bcf over the next two years. So that’s about 2.5 bcf of available capacity within 24 months. Once that occurs if the industry is successful and Devon is successful you would have to look at some Greenfield projects out of that area, most of those Greenfield project area estimation would take anywhere from 24 months to 48 months to complete. We're actively looking at some of those projects right now. But at least in the Barnett we feel we're covered and feel good about what is going on in the Haynesville in terms of industry takeaway capacity, but there is a lot that happened in the Haynesville yet, but right now we feel pretty good about the position we're in.
Joe Allman: Even though you guys are covered, you think in a couple of years there could be some bottlenecks for some different players with these competing plays; is that right?
Darryl Smette: Well I don't think there will be bottlenecks we know what the existing capacity is and we know what the existing capacity would be with the projects that could come on in the next say 18 months. But we don't know that how fast things are going to ramp up. As we said, it's very early in this play and the results that we have seen and the results that other parties in the Haynesville area have look forward suggest that this is going to be a very robust area. But there is still a lot of work yet to is, as Steve indicated, I mean, our people are constantly looking at this project and so we just have a lot of work yet to do as an industry, but assuming that that work is successful, there probably are going to have to be some additional Greenfield projects two and three years down the road.
Joe Allman: It’s helpful. And Darryl while I have you – I have noticed that the Rockies differentials have narrowed recently. Can you comment on that?
Darryl Smette: Well, it kind of depends on where you start and where you end up. I mean, they're pretty volatile as you know. But yes, if you compared to last year at this time we were trading at about a 450 differential yesterday, we’re trading at about 250 differentials that they have in the road, a lot of that is directly dependent upon of course the rest pipeline that went into service in January. There is other pipeline projects that are going on now and of course we're waiting to the shoulder month we're going to see some more pipeline repairs going on. So we could see those differentials widen a little bit. But over the course of the last year definitely we’ve seen differentials narrow out there and we expect its going to remain volatile but they should -- our hope is and based on our analysis, we don't think we'll, over a long period see the $4 and $5 differential we saw last year.
Joe Allman: Okay. Very helpful. And then different topic Haynesville Shale you mentioned you got some production online, can you comment on what you're seeing so far?
Steve Hadden: We're really keeping that relatively queue. We do have wells on production and we're completing additional wells as we speak. We've got the 12 penetrations I talked about. We've got quite a bit of whole core material and we're going through very methodically as we did in the Barnett Shale and really to looking at our position, looking at our opportunities to acquire additional acreage and categorizing it much like we did in the Barnett Shale as far as primary position and some of the better positions in the play, the emerging positions that are good but not proven and then the speculative areas that we think may or may not have some potential but are willing to put some capital at risk to acquire some of those reasonable cost and reasonable NRIs. And so it's really an accumulation things and because we are still actively acquiring leaseholds, we're not talking about the production range.
Joe Allman: Got it. And then Steve, are you willing to give any details on the rocky mountain shale plays, the two that you have got under way?
Steve Hadden: No not at this point I will tell though we continue to get wells down. And again it's the same -- a bit of the same story as we've gotten additional wells down. We've gotten core geology is looking very good and that’s why you see our unrisk potential continuing to increase there.
Joe Allman: Okay. Very Helpful.
John Richels: And obviously Joe, we're still accumulating acreage positions there and we would shoot ourselves in the foot if we talked about that too much at this point.
Joe Allman: Understood thank you everybody.
Company Representative: Operator can we have the next question?
Operator: Yes your next question will come from the line of Eric Hagen from Merrill Lynch.
Eric Hagen: Hey guys all of mine have been answered. Sorry about that.
John Richels: Okay Thanks Eric.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman: Good morning guys. Can you give us an idea of what the per acre cost was on your recent acquisitions in the Haynesville and Horn River?
Steve Hadden: Actually -- I'll tell you that it's very competitive and relatively low to some of the other numbers you've heard out there. Again because we're still actively and there are still additional lease sales to come in Canada, we're not really talking about those numbers specifically.
Mark Gilman: Okay Steve, let me try another one. There seems to be increasing industry talk about what I guess with the unitize St. Malo and Jack developments scheme. Can you give me your thoughts on that and comments on the distance between the two?
Steve Hadden: Yeah absolutely it is a St Malo and Jack within about 20 miles of each other and we are going to a very discipline process with partners at St. Malo and Jack where we look at the options in it optimize the economic efficiency about operation. One other leading options there is a combined development between the two and obviously with that kind of proximity there are synergies on these very large capital projects that could deliver some very good value. So the teams are working together to joint – development teams are working together to go through those options make sure you understand all the technical issues in the cost and performance issues and come up with the optimized development scenario but little leading scenarios is a combined development of Jack and St. Malo.
John Richels: And Mark just to remind you and then show you how far along those integrated project teams are in doing this evaluation. We are still hoping that we are going to bring this forward in 2009 for sanctioning and that will keep us on schedule with the first production of we talked about previously and probably 2013 or something like that. So we well along in terms of doing a lot of this analysis.
Mark Gilman: John, Steve does this saying anything about free standing potential of the two?
Steve Hadden: No, it doesn’t, it really is driven exclusively by efficiency, by both capital efficiency and economic efficiency. It doesn’t say anything as it relates to what we see relative to what we expect to define initially.
Mark Gilman: Just to want one more if I could for John I am not sure I understand the logic with respect to the extendable debentures on the Chevron side and you – they comment at I think we want to optimize the evaluated position. Would you elaborated on your thinking a little bit on that?
John Richels: Sure you might remember Mark that – that wasn’t code language you give me there that all its just that if you would give the just give the stock back to the debenture holders you know we have very – because we inherited these from PennZenergy in 1999 we have a very low basis in that stock and so we are trying to do and that would trigger a tax obligation or tax liability and we talked about that in the past, but we are also working on some other alternatives that hope we are little bit more inventive and so, in the interim we are going to redeem those debentures with cash.
Mark Gilman: Okay guys thanks a lot.
John Richels: Okay operator we got – we take one more question.
Operator: Your last question will come from a line of Fletcher Stern from Diamondback Company.
Fletcher Stern: Good morning guys.
Steve Hadden: Good morning.
Fletcher Stern: Everybody hear me okay.
Steve Hadden: Yeah.
Fletcher Stern: I was having phone problems early. Okay just curious on the natural gas and the crude oil derivative positions. You say you had a -- was it $1.2 billion adjustment which partially was realized and some as mark-to-market. Curious what the mark-to-market exposure was again?
Steve Hadden: Yes, the market to market – 
Fletcher Stern: 912.
Steve Hadden: 970 million ore something like that as a June 30. If you were to mark-to-market as of the close of business yesterday there would be no exposure.
Company Representative: It would actually be a gain.
Company Representative: It would actually be a gain.
Fletcher Stern: Okay. That's where I'm leading with this. Current strip price for example just the calendar, 9 Henry hub net gas strip was roughly 1250 and a month later now it's down 25% at 950. Are you entertaining any -- the idea of securing – unwinding some of those hedges given the pretty dramatic move down and specifically in natural gas. I don't know what the mixture in your mark-to-market set aside is there between natural gas and crude oil, but crude oil has had a modest decline relative to natural gas. I'm just curious if you could comment on potential unwinding of ledges?
Darryl Smette:  Yeah this is Darryl again. We just to put perspective. We have relatively little oil hedges its about 20,000 barrels a day, and it’s only to the end of carrier 2008. On our natural gas hedges again we only have four months to go there. We do have discussions now then above on lining them. So far we have made the decision not to online the 2008 hedges and we’ve made the decision not to online the 2009 hedges that are in place which are about 300 million a day and they’re all collars. So we continue to have discussions about that which is not unusual, we have discussion every week when we have our weekly executive committee meeting, so far we have not made the decision on any of those of positions, and with only four months we have to go in the year, you know, I would have to say that the chance that we are online and majority on lined and majority of those would be pretty small.
Fletcher Stern: Okay, thank you very much.
Steve Hadden: John, do you have any closing comments.
John Richels: Just a few closing comments thanks for being here this morning. I would just like to summarize our second quarter 2008 and reiterate the fact this is one of the best in Devon’s history. We had another quarter of record earnings and cash flow. We increase production for the ninth consecutive quarter and expect additional growth for the foreseeable future. We also increase our production outlook for the second half of 2008 and fairly, significantly for 2009. We completed the bulk of our efforts and divestitures and eliminated $2.6 billion in debt in preferred stock. We recommenced our share repurchase program and we unveiled the leading position in the Haynesville Shale Play. So with that thanks again for being here and we will talk to you again in the few months.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - VP of Communications & IR Larry Nichols - Chairman & CEO Steve Hadden - SVP of E&P John Richels - President Darryl Smette - SVP of Marketing and Midstream
Analysts: Stacy Nieuwoudt - Tudor Pickering Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company Ronnie Eisman - JP Morgan Mark Gilman - Benchmark Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ellen Hannan with Bear Stearns Harry Mader - Lehman Brothers Eric Goldman - GB Capital Partners
Operator: Welcome to the Devon Energy's first the quarter 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Thank you, operator, and good morning and welcome to everyone. This is Devon's first quarter 2008 conference call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. We'll start with our Chairman and CEO Larry Nichols, who will provide his perspective on the quarter. Then Steve Hadden, our Senior Vice President of Exploration and Production will follow Larry covering operating highlights, and finally our President, John Richels will conclude with a financial review. At that point we'll open up the call to questions. We'll ask each of you to hold your questions to one and one follow-up and we'll try to hold the call to about an hour. A replay of the call will be available later today through a link on our homepage. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under US Securities law, and while we always attempt to provide you the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. So we encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties provided with our Form 8-K forecast. One other compliance note, we will make reference today in the call to certain non-GAAP performance measures when we use these measures we're required to provide certain related disclosures. Those disclosures are available on the Devon website. Additionally, I want to point out that as a result of our decision to sell our assets in Africa and terminate operations there, accounting rules require us to exclude oil and gas produced from the divestiture assets from the reported production volumes for all the periods we present. The related revenues and expenses for these discontinued operations are summarized in the discontinued operations line item at the end of the statement of operations. We have provided for your reference an additional table in today's news release that gives a detailed statement of operations and the production volumes attributable to the properties that we are divesting. As it has for the last several quarters, accounting for the discontinued operations impacted the compare ability of earnings estimates. Most of the analysts that report their estimates to first call excluded the contribution from the African operations. The mean estimate of earnings per share from these analysts was $2.30 a share. This compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $2.56 per share that is reported number. The mean estimate for the analysts that included discontinued operations was $2.43 per share that compares to our non-GAAP diluted earnings of $2.74 per share for the first quarter including discontinued operations. You can see that in either case, with or without West Africa, our first quarter results were significant beat over street expectations. With those items out of the way I'll turn the call over to Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: Thanks and good morning, everyone. Let me start by reminding everybody that 2007, last year, was the best year in Devon's history, and if you look at the first quarter of this year, 2008 promises to be another outstanding year. The robust pricing environment for both oil and natural gas, combined with the effective execution of our capital programs is leading to record setting financial results and operating milestones. First quarter earnings before mark-to-market hedging losses rose to an all-time company record of $1.2 billion. Cash flow before balance sheet changes also climbed to a record $2.6 billion for the quarter, on pace to significantly exceed the annual cash flow record we set in 2007 of $7.3 billion. First quarter cash flow exceeded our capital expenditures by a very comfortable $600 million. Production of oil and natural gas and natural gas liquids climbed to 58.3 million barrels equivalent, marking the eighth consecutive quarter of production growth, and a 9% increase over the year ago quarter. We also reached significant milestones in our Barnett Shale natural gas field in North Texas. In April, we topped 1 billion cubic feet a day, net to our interest. We achieved this goal of 1 Bcf a day net to Devon, a full 21 months ahead of our original target. In the first quarter, we also announced a 14% increase in cash dividends on the common stock. This is the fifth year in a row that we raised our quarterly dividend payment. In total during that period, that five year period we have increased Devon's dividend by more than 600%. We also made notable progress in the first quarter with our African divestiture program. In March, we announced an agreement to sell our assets in Cote d'Ivoire for $200 million and in April, we announced an agreement to sell our position in Equatorial Guinea for $2.2 billion. We now have signed contracts to sell substantially all of our African properties for over $3 billion in aggregate. The contracts we executed for all of our African properties represent a very attractive sales price of more than $36 per barrel of proved reserves or approximately $90,000 per flowing barrel. We are optimistic that we can close the remaining divestiture packages around mid-year and are extremely pleased with the results. They exceed the forecast that we and the street had earlier this year and last year.
 :
Steve Hadden: Thanks Larry, and good morning to everyone. I will begin with a quick recap of the companywide drilling activity. We drilled 646 wells in the first quarter. Of these 646 wells, 66 were classified as exploratory, of which 82% were successful. The remaining 580 wells were classified as development of which 99% were successful. Our recount peaked at 155 rigs during the first quarter, and we ended March with 120 rigs running, 76 of them drilling Devon operated wells. Capital expenditures for exploration and development on our retained properties were $1.7 billion. Our first quarter capital spend exceeded one-fourth of the full year budget of $5.6 billion to $5.9 billion. Several factors contributed to this outcome. First, recall that our Canadian capital budget is weighted towards the first quarter of the year because many areas in Canada are limited to winter only drilling access. In addition, we've accelerated activity in several areas of the US Onshore including the Barnett. Given the robust opportunity set embedded in our property portfolio and the current strong commodity price outlook, we will continue to look for ways to accelerate the development of these opportunities. Moving now to our quarterly operations highlights for the Barnett Shale field in North Texas I'm going to keep my comments brief because we provided a comprehensive Barnett update in the webcast on March 28. For those that missed that presentation, a replay and copies of the slides are available on the Devon website.
 : In addition, we completed Phase II of our West Johnson County plant, gas plant. Plant capacity was boosted to 130 million cubic feet of gas per day, with throughput currently running above 100 million cubic feet a day. This additional capacity has allowed us to continue to grow our production in Johnson County where we averaged to 195 million cubic feet a day in the first quarter. For the entire Barnett play, we exited the first quarter producing just shy of 1 billion cubic feet of gas equivalent per day net to Devon. In the first quarter our net Barnett Shale production averaged a record 995 million cubic feet of gas a day, up 7% from the fourth quarter and up 36% year-over-year. As Larry mentioned, we're now producing in excess of 1 Bcf a day net to Devon or roughly 2% of total US daily gas production. With over 7,500 risks to drilling locations at our current drilling pace we have about 13 years of drilling inventory in the Barnett Shale. This translates to continuing production growth in months and years ahead with the potential to reach between 1.6 Bcf and 2 Bcf equivalent on a net basis. In the Woodford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma, we added one rig late in the first quarter and we now have six operated rigs running. We bought a total of 13 new operated wells online during the quarter with initial production rates as high as 4.2 million cubic feet a day. Much like we did in the early days of expansion of the Barnett play, we've been drilling wells across our Woodford acreage to better evaluate the position. We're now moving to full scale development, and expect to ramp up production significantly over the next year. Moving to the Rockies, in the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, we had four rigs running for a good part of the quarter prior to the start of the wildlife stipulation season, and drilled a total of 34 wells during quarter. In the second quarter we plan to drill our first horizontal well in the field. Given our track record with horizontal drilling and the Barnett Shale in East Texas, we're eager to evaluate these results. Horizontal drilling could open up another leg of activity on Devon's 150,000 plus net acres at Washakie. Shifting to East Texas, we drilled 30 wells in the first quarter. Our seven rig vertical Cotton Valley drilling program in the Carthage area. In total, we plan to drill about 100 vertical wells in 2008, a third of which will be infill wells. Also in the first quarter we recompleted eight wells.
 : Southwest of Carthage at Groesbeck, we're improving our ability to deliver consistent repeatable results across our acreage position, as we indicated in our year-end call we've been refining our drilling and completion techniques. As a result, we've been able to reduce the number of days to drill a Groesbeck horizontal well from 76 days to 66 days. These improvements in execution are most apparent in our Nan-Su-Gail field where during the first quarter we completed three very successful wells. The Hill 19 H and Nail-B 12H, each IP'd at 24 million a day and Crenshaw 17 H IP'd at 10 million a day. Four additional Nan-Su-Gail horizontal wells were in various stages of drilling or completion at the end of the first quarter. Although, we've seen the best results to-date at Nan-Su-Gail, we're hopeful that we can extend this success to other neighboring fields in our Groesbeck area. The net Groesbeck production averaged 86 million cubic feet a day gas equivalent for the first quarter, also up 17% over the first quarter of 2007. Now shifting to the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we continue to be impacted by the production suspension at the Independence Hub. The Merganser field remained shut-in due to a leak in the third party operated export line. This is currently curtailing our net Gulf volumes by about 50 million cubic feet of gas a day. Repairs are underway, and we hope to see production resume around the middle of May. Elsewhere in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in Lower Tertiary trend, we are continuing to move towards sanctioning its Jack and St. Malo. The working interest owners in these two Lower Tertiary projects have moved farther along toward the selection of the final development concept and expect to begin front-end engineering and design work in 2009. Appraisal operations continue on both discoveries. Devon has a 25% working interest in Jack and a 22.5% working interest in St. Malo. Also in the Lower Tertiary, we are currently at work on a sidetrack operation on the Kaskida Prospect in Keathley Canyon block 292. This is a reentry of the initial discovery well we drilled in 2006 and the objective is to extract additional whole core samples and down hole data. The co-owners also plan to drill another appraisal well at a new location in 2009. I will remind you that Devon recently increased its ownership in Kaskida by exercising our preferential purchase right. BP is the operator with 73.3% working interest and Devon now has the remaining 26.7% interest. At Cascade, this is our 50-50 Lower Tertiary project with Petrobras. We plan to set surface casing on the Cascade 3 and the Cascade 4 wells in the third quarter of 2008. The partners are planning to develop Cascade jointly with the Chinook project. We expect Cascade to be the first of Devon's four existing Lower Tertiary discoveries to begin commercial production. Our plans call for utilization of the first FPSO in the Gulf of Mexico when production commences just two years from now in mid 2010.  In our deepwater operated Gulf of Mexico exploration program, the test on the Chuck Prospect on Walker Ridge 278 has been plugged and abandoned. Although the well was P&Aed, the partners continue to evaluate the results for further potential on the unit. Devon operated the Chuck well with a 39.5% working interest. We have two additional Lower Tertiary exploratory wells planned for this year. We plan to spud a well in June. Devon currently holds a 50% working interest and operates the Bass Prospect at Keathley Canyon 596. In addition, we plan to participate with a 28.3% working interest in an exploratory well on the Chevron-operated Damascus prospect on Walker Ridge 581. This well is expected to begin drilling in the third quarter of this year.  And finally in the deepwater Miocene, we are now drilling ahead at about 23,000 feet on the Sturgis North exploratory well in Atwater Valley block 138. Devon has a 25% working interest in Sturgis North which is operated by Chevron. Now, moving to Canada, we drilled 249 wells in the first quarter despite challenges presented by colder than normal weather. In our Lloydminster oil play in Alberta, we have increased our production 30% over the past 12 months to nearly 42,000 barrels a day. We continue an active five rig program in the first quarter as we drilled 121 new Lloydminster wells. The second 10,000 barrel a day expansion at our Manatokan plant is under construction. We expect to complete that work by the fourth quarter of this year bringing the total capacity of the Manatokan plant to 27,500 barrels a day. At our 100% Devon-owned Jackfish Thermal Heavy Oil Project in Eastern Alberta, production continued to climb during the first quarter up to 10,000 barrels a day by March 31st. Production will continue to ramp up throughout 2008 as we head toward a sustainable peak rate of 35,000 barrels a day in early 2009. At our Jackfish 2 project, the front-end engineering and design work is substantially complete. We drilled 35 stratigraphic wells in the Jackfish area during the first quarter. All of these wells met or exceeded our expectations. We hope to receive regulatory approval and formal sanctioning of the project this summer, and could begin site construction in the fall. Jackfish 2 will essentially double the size of our Jackfish operations, adding 300 million barrels of reserves and another 35,000 barrels a day of oil production. Moving to Brazil, during the first quarter we continued development drilling in the Devon-operated Polvo Oil Project on block BM-C-8. We worked through the mechanical issues and the delays with the carbonate wells that mentioned last quarter. We now have drilled the first cretaceous sand well, and it is currently being completed. While we are behind schedule relative to our original plan, we expect Polvo production to continue to ramp up during the remainder of the year as we drill and complete the additional wells. In China, the Panyu exploratory well located on block 42/05 in the South China Sea was determined to be non-commercial. Although this well fulfills our contractual commitment for evaluating several other high-potential prospects on this 1.7 million acre block. Also, in China, at our Panyu project in the South China Sea we achieved a significant milestone in the first quarter reaching 100 million barrels of cumulative production. Panyu continues to outperform 4-1/2 years after its first production. Devon's net production from Panyu averaged nearly 15,000 barrels a day during the first quarter, roughly the same level as the first quarter of last year. That concludes our operations update. Now, I will turn the call over to John Richels to review our financial results for the first quarter. John?
John Richels: Thanks, Steve. This morning I want to take you through a brief review of the key drivers that impacted our first quarter financial results, and review how those factors impact our outlook for the remainder of the year. As Vince mentioned, we have classified the assets, liabilities and results of operations in Africa as discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. As a result, I will focus my comments on our continuing operations which will exclude results attributable to Africa. Let's begin with production. In the first quarter of 2008, we produced 58.3 million equivalent barrels or approximately 640,000 barrels per day. That is right in line with the guidance provided in the fourth quarter conference call, and marks Devon's eighth consecutive quarter of production growth. During the first quarter, Devon's core North American assets lead by the Barnett Shale, exceeded budget by nearly 1 million barrels, offsetting the delays at Polvo that Steve referred to. When you compare the first quarter of 2008 to the first quarter of 2007, you will find production increased by 52,000 barrels per day or roughly 9%. The US onshore grew by 53,000 equivalent barrels per day over the year-ago quarter, an increase of 17%. Even though we scaled back significantly on conventional gas drilling in Canada, total first quarter production from our assets in Canada climbed 2% over the first quarter of 2007. This growth was principally driven by our Lloydminster oil properties. Our first quarter international production decreased by 5000 barrels per day from the first quarter of 2007, driven by a decrease in our volumes from the ACG field offshore Azerbaijan. Given the very strong production performance of the ACG field and the robust oil price environment, the ACG field reached an economic threshold which triggered an increase in the government share of production. Also, our production outlook for the remainder of 2008 has been impacted by a reduction of our profit oil split from the field. We have previously forecasted this to occur around the end of 2008; however, due to higher than expected oil prices, coupled with a clarification of contract terms, our share of ACG oil production was reduced as of April 1. Fortunately, this is the final crunch, so our percentage of ACG production will be stable from this point forward. In aggregate, this early payout reduces Devon's expected 2008 production by about 3 million barrels and as a result of that reduction we now expect companywide full year 2008 production to come in at the low end of our previous guidance range of 240 million to 247 million Boe. In the second quarter, companywide production should be essentially flat with the first quarter at about 58 million barrels of oil equivalent with sequential quarterly growth expected in both the third and fourth quarters. Moving on to price realization starting with oil. During the first quarter the WTI benchmark price rose to $97.67. That is a 67% increase over the first quarter of last year. In addition to higher benchmark prices, regional differential as a percentage of WTI narrowed pushing price realizations in all of our producing regions above the top end of our guidance ranges. Our companywide realized price came in at $88.23 per barrel or just over 90% of WTI. Our oil price hedges had no effect on first quarter prices. I will just remind you, for the full year we have approximately 12% of our oil production hedged through price callers with a weighted average for $70 per barrel and a ceiling of $140 per barrel. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub index averaged $8.03 per Mcf for the first quarter, a 19% increase over the first quarter of last year. In addition, Devon's gas price realizations increased to 91% of Henry Hub before the impact of hedges. Hedges reduced companywide realization by only $0.04 per Mcf giving us an average realized price of $7.27 per Mcf for the first quarter. Turning now to our Marketing and midstream business, Devon's Marketing and midstream operations again had an excellent quarter. Operating profit increased to $173 million in the first the quarter, driven by increased throughput and strong natural gas liquids prices. For the full year, we had previously forecast Marketing and midstream operating profit of $510 million to $550 million and based on our strong first quarter performance and the favorable commodity outlook for the rest of the year, we're obviously off to a good start in meeting that objective. The final item I want to cover before we move to expenses, is the net loss on oil and gas derivative instruments that we recorded in the first quarter. We recorded a non-cash loss of $780 million pre-tax or $500 million after-tax from a mark-to-market accounting adjustment related to our natural gas price hedges. Mark-to-market accounting requires us to record the unrealized gains and losses related to the fair value of the remaining life of the derivative instruments. In our earnings releases, we provide a table that identifies items that are generally excluded from analyst estimates and this unrealized non-cash loss from our hedges is included in that table. Moving to expenses. First quarter lease operating general and administrative and DD&A expenses all came in at or below the bottom end of our full year forecast ranges. While we're pleased with our first quarter performance, we still expect to be within the forecast ranges for the full year. Shifting now to interest expense, interest expense for the first quarter decreased to $102 million. Looking to the second quarter, we expect a decline in variable interest rates to reduce our interest expense to around $90 million to $95 million. We also expect interest expense to decline in the second half of the year as the divestiture proceeds are initially applied to reduce short-term borrowings. Of total first quarter interest expense approximately $28 million was related to commercial paper and credit facility balances which we expect to repay from the African divestiture proceeds around mid-year. A final item I want to touch on is income taxes. Reported income tax expense for the first quarter came in at 27% of pre-tax income; however, when you back out the income of the non-cash mark-to-market hedging adjustment you get a current tax rate of 6% of adjusted pre-tax earnings and a deferred rate of 26% of pre-tax earnings for a total income tax rate of 32%. Moving to the bottom line, reported earnings were $749 million or $1.66 per diluted share in the first quarter. After backing out the items typically excluded by securities, analysts and the published estimates, earnings for the first quarter were $1.2 billion or $2.74 per diluted share. As Vince indicated earlier these first quarter results were significantly better than speed estimates.  Cash flow before balance sheet changes climbed to a record high of $2.6 billion. That's a 74% increase over the first quarter of 2007 and a 13% sequential quarterly growth. This record cash flow comfortably funded $2 billion of capital investments while leaving us with a $600 million cushion of free cash flow. Looking to the remainder of 2008, we expect cash flow from operations to significantly exceed our total capital demands. That cash flow, along with the after-tax proceeds from the African divestitures and our existing cash balances will be available to buyback shares and make incremental capital investments, reduce debt, or do all three. And at this point, we'll open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Stacy Nieuwoudt with Tudor Pickering. Please proceed.
Stacy Nieuwoudt - Tudor Pickering: Good morning, guys. Can you please provide an update on your Brazilian activity plans for '08 and '09 and any update on the pre-salt?
Steve Hadden: Yeah. Stacy, this is Steve Hadden. In Brazil, activity wise we're moving forward as I mentioned earlier with the development work at Polvo, we plan to drill or have a total of nine wells on production by the end of the year there and two of those wells will be new sand wells that we'll drill between now and the end of the year and there will be a couple of other of the carbonate wells there so that's the development work we're doing on Polvo. From an exploration standpoint, of course we have a good portfolio of exploration blocks there. We do have a well that will be spudded about the middle of the year which will be in the Campos Basin, on one of our blocks in the Campos, that does have some pre-salt potential, some sub-salt potential and we're looking forward to that drilling operation. Anadarko is the operator, they're bringing the rig in again as I said about the middle of the year. In addition to that, we're doing seismic evaluation and advancing other prospects to drill ready status for the arrival of our deepwater drill ship that's going to come in just about the end of the year, just about the beginning of 2009 and we'll start drilling that exploration program with that rig that we have under contract for several years. And so we'll drill a few wells as we get into 2009, 10, and 11, drilling through that portfolio.
Stacy Nieuwoudt - Tudor Pickering: That's very helpful. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company. Please proceed. Tom Gardner with Simmons & Company, please proceed.
Tom Gardner : Yes. Good morning, everyone. With respect to Canada, can you give us an update on what you're observing with respect to service cost trends?
 Simmons & Company: Yes. Good morning, everyone. With respect to Canada, can you give us an update on what you're observing with respect to service cost trends?
Steve Hadden: Yeah, Tom, when we look at the more recent activity and what we saw in the first quarter during this winter program, we saw costs come off maybe about another 10% from drilling and completion from where we were last year. We're seeing some indication that that may be bottoming out and may start going the other way. We're not quite sure yet. The drilling activity was still down below the five year average in Canada over the winter program, but with gas prices where they are, we'll see what happens relative to activity and keep in mind too that while we maybe down as much as 30% from the peak, the peak was awfully high up there.
Tom Gardner : That's helpful. Just as a follow-up with respect to Alberta royalty changes, is that impacting your Canadian budget going forward? Can you give us an update on what's happening there so to speak?
 Simmons & Company: That's helpful. Just as a follow-up with respect to Alberta royalty changes, is that impacting your Canadian budget going forward? Can you give us an update on what's happening there so to speak?
John Richels: Tom, it's John. It's really not affecting it particularly. We now have all of the changes in as the additional rules that came out on some of the deep gas drilling came out recently. We had already shifted around our capital expenditures in Canada to some extent. As we focus a lot more on our Lloydminster project, which has been just a terrific project for us because of the significant upside that we have there and the expertise that we've developed over the years. In fact, I think year-over-year we were up close to 50 % in our production from that area, so we've already done some shifting around and we're in the fortunate position in Canada of not having the types of properties that are most affected by the royalty changes that occurred. So as much as anything, our capital expenditure focus in Canada has been affected by things like the cost structure and foreign exchange rates and that type of thing that you're all familiar with.
Tom Gardner : Thank you, guys.
 Simmons & Company: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronnie Eisman with J. P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Ronnie Eisman - J. P. Morgan: Good morning, guys. I had a question with regard to the differentials you mentioned that they narrowed tighter than you previously guided. Do you have any or can you comment and provide color as to why you think that happened and the expectations going forward?
Darryl Smette: Yeah, this is Darryl Smette. On the oil side, it's just a matter, quite frankly, of demand still being fairly strong in various parts of the world and supply being somewhat off because of OPEC's willingness to manage production, and so what we have found is that that has kept the differentials at a fairly narrow rate compared to what our previous forecast was. On the gas side, differential has been fairly narrow compared to our forecast and that has primarily been driven by the 4% to 5% colder than normal weather experienced throughout the United States, and so during the first quarter those differentials were narrow. We are starting to see those differentials widen now as we get out of the winter season into the summer season and before we get to the air-conditioning season. So, those differentials have widened but the cold weather was the primary driver for gas in the first quarter.
Ronnie Eisman - J. P. Morgan: Thank you. And then in terms of the Woodford, you said you are moving on to full scale development. What are you seeing in terms of cost trends for drilling and completion?
Steve Hadden: Well, in the Woodford and the North Ridge area in Southeastern Oklahoma, we're seeing some of the well costs go up but part of that is driven by our optimization of the drilling program. In other words, we're drilling some longer laterals on a per well basis but we're also getting much better production. The last couple of wells that we've completed have IP'd well in excess of 4 million cubic feet a day and our well costs were running about $4 million or about $4.1 million and some of these are up to about $5 million but that's mainly because we're extending the horizontal reach of those wells and we think that's going to make good sense economically.
Ronnie Eisman - J. P. Morgan: What percentage of the wells going forward do you think will be these longer lateral wells?
Steve Hadden: Well, probably a higher percentage. Probably the majority of the wells will be a bit longer as we go through the program, yeah. We'll evaluate each one based on the position of the well and the reservoir and some of the other factors that go into that decision-making, but I would just say that the majority of the wells would probably have a bit longer horizontal reach.
Ronnie Eisman - J. P. Morgan: Okay and just going back to capital cost in general, you mentioned in Canada, you see them flattening and potentially going up. How about in other areas that you operate in?
Steve Hadden: Generally in the other areas that we operate in, we have essentially seen a stabilization of rates. We've offset some of the increases that we've seen previously in the pumping services side with improvements in our drilling performance. There is some pressure on steel prices that we see and could have an impact relative to the tubulars that we run into the wells, so we may see some increased pressure there as we move into the second half of the year.
Ronnie Eisman - J. P. Morgan: All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Good morning, guys. Steve, I got a question with respect to Polvo that I guess has two parts. First, I guess I wasn't aware there were both carbonate as well as conventional sand potential. Could you elaborate a little bit on that, and can I correctly assume that the dry development well drilled in the first quarter was at Polvo?
Steve Hadden: No, there was not a dry development well drilled at Polvo. If I can remember, we did have one well, Mark, these wells are extended reach wells, in particular when we're going for the sand structure, there's a sand structure that is a bit of a distance from the main platform and we have to do extended reach wells there which have some drilling challenges there. We had one of those wells where a piece of equipment that we run in on our casing had failed and caused us to have to re-drill the well, and that put us behind a one-well slot or one well relative to the development. Relative to the sand itself, it is sand that was actually discovered and identified a few years ago. We came along a little bit later and discovered the shoal production, the carbonate production and it's just a combination of those two that are coming online. We think there's good production to come out of the sand wells. We just got the first sand well down and are in the process of running the pumping equipment into the well, and we'll see what that well produces. We're very interested in that well of course because it's the first sand well that we'll be producing.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Steve, by way of a follow-up regarding what's going on at ACG. Other members of the consortium have indicated that the reduction in profit split occurred in the earlier part of the year and I guess I'm confused by your saying April 1. I also don't know what you mean by clarifications in contract terms. Can you elaborate a little bit on this?
Steve Hadden: Yeah. I can give you a little bit more elaboration. You know, there are a couple of things going on at ACG. There were two traunches that were going to occur between, I think, about the last quarter of last year and then coming through to the end of this year, the end of 2008. We passed the first one and that resulted in a reduction at that point just on profit. I'm not talking about the cost oil component yet, and then there was some clarification that was required as to exactly when the second traunch would occur. From our perspective we thought in looking at the contract terms and the agreements in place, it was most likely to occur in I think the beginning of the fourth quarter of this year and after extensive discussions of the partnership lead by the operator BP with the government, it was determined that that traunch actually occurred, that last traunch was actually going to occur April 1, and that's what we're now realizing and that's what we've reflected in our forecast going forward for the year.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: So the first traunch was effective at the first part of the year and it's another step down in profit oil as of April 1?
Steve Hadden: Yes, that's right Mark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. In the Woodford, there's a decent amount of property on the market now. Are you interested in expanding your position there at all?
John Richels: You know, we're very pleased with our position in the Woodford, and obviously, if other acreage is available or when other acreage becomes available, we look at it relative to its position and its quality and of course its pricing as it relates to being able to compete with the other pretty good opportunities we have in our portfolio. So, we'll make that comparison in the Woodford, as we would in other places when these opportunities come up and we'll make a decision on that basis.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Great. And the follow-up is Haynesville Shale, any comments on that, the potential for that on your acreage?
John Richels: Well, no comments on that from our standpoint. I will tell you we talked about the emerging positions in our call on the 28th and we're still adding to those positions. And we actually have several wells that will be going down in the second quarter and evaluating several of those positions, but we're going to stay relatively tight lipped on those for competitive reasons and let you know when we have some material results to report.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. Following up on the previous question on the Woodford, if we just take a step back and we look outside of the Barnett, your US onshore portfolio, you are more active in a number of areas. As you continue to drill in some of these areas, should we look for you to bolster your acreage position either in the lease hold acquisition or producing property acquisition, especially considering additional free cash flow and recent asset sales?
Steve Hadden: Yeah, bolster our lease holder acreage position generally or in a specific area?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: I guess when we think about the Rockies and we think about Woodford, which I guess you just answered on that one, and when we think about East Texas, Groesbeck.
Steve Hadden: Yeah, you'll see us continue to add to our acreage position in areas that make good sense economically for us going forward relative to our portfolio. And as I mentioned before, we've, on the 28th call, we talked a little bit about the emerging position and we added several 100,000 acres at that time this year and we've added to that total just for this year’s acreage position, and we're looking for areas and we're adding to areas that are going to be material to our portfolio and have the prospect of delivering good solid economic returns to us. So, you'll see us continue to do that as we move forward quarter to quarter.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Do you have some sense as to what incremental capital is dedicated towards that and what you think that could mean from a capital perspective?
Steve Hadden: No. That's going to be opportunity driven. That's going to vary and be opportunity driven.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. And lastly in Canada, I apologize if you touched on this earlier, any initial sense on how steam/oil ratios are coming along at Jackfish?
Steve Hadden: Well, we're still ramping up. We're 10,000 barrels a day and ramping up. We've got active steam injection going and bringing production up on, we'll have a total of four pads going here pretty soon, and the reservoir is actually performing a bit better than what we had anticipated but we always thought that Jackfish, that area is really in the top quartile of reservoir quality and our facilities are running very well and the ramp up is going very nicely, so we think, we'll be at least at the steam/oil ratio that we projected. Of course, our ambition is always to improve on that but we're very comfortable with where we are now albeit early in the ramp up until we get to 35,000 barrels a day and we'll see where we are thermally.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ellen Hannan with Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Good morning. My question, I apologize if you mentioned this, you talk about the sanctioning at Jackfish 2. Did you mention what your capital plans, your expenditure dollars are for that project?
Steve Hadden: No, Ellen, we haven't disclosed that yet. We've gone through and we've essentially completed our FEED work, our front end engineering work. We're moving towards regulatory approval and a sanctioning decision later this year and at that point, we'll have a really good look at the capital costs. We're very comfortable with where we are with Jackfish 1. We think we really got a very good understanding for what the SAGD projects take to develop from an initial capital standpoint and we'll just take a real close look at it with our Canadian team when we get to the point of making that sanctioning decision.
John Richels: And Ellen, I'll just remind you too that we are now in these SAGD projects. You don't have the same kind of capital out lay as in the mining projects, of course, because there's no upgrade attached or anything, so when you look at the sensitivities on these types of project its still remains more sensitive to things like differential and (inaudible) cost and those other economic factors rather than the capital. Obviously, capital can be higher than Jackfish 1 because of the pressure we've seen but as Steve said we'll nail that down to a final number probably in the third quarter of this year.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Thanks, and I just had another question, moving to the Lower Tertiary trend, with the Chuck well that you plugged and abandoned as well as I think it's the Green Bay prospect on the Walker Ridge 372 that was P&A'd, what have you learned or in what way have your thoughts changed in terms of what you've learned on these couple of wells regarding this trend?
Steve Hadden: Well, Ellen, there's a couple of things. First of all, we probably won't disclose a lot of information in our learning simply because it's competitive in that trend. I will tell you that we're still very confident and very optimistic about our position to Lower Tertiary and the trend itself. In a couple of cases, Green Bay of course was a dry hole. We think we understand that and we understand that outcome relative to our portfolio and have factored that into our thinking going forward. When you look at Chuck, while we were, Chuck was P&A'd, and while we're a bit disappointed with what we saw there, we did find hydrocarbons and the partners are working together to evaluate the remainder of the unit so it's just another step in getting the information on the entire trend. I think as we mentioned, we're going forward with drilling two additional high impact Lower Tertiary opportunities later this year and we look forward to those results.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Great. Thank you very much.
Larry Nichols: Ellen, I might go back on Jackfish 2 when you're comparing Jackfish 2 to Jackfish 1, remember we already have in place the pipelines to get the from Edmonton up to the field and when the crew back down to Edmonton so that capital cost is already incurred and there will be no incremental cost with regard to Jackfish 2 and secondly, we already have all of the engineering design work done, so that the plant and the facilities at Jackfish 2 will essentially be a carbon copy of Jackfish 1, so a lot of those up front costs will not need to replicate in Jackfish 2.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Hi, guys, now that the ink is at least relatively dry and can you give a rough estimate of the impact of the Alberta royalty changes on '09 production and potentially reserves?
Steve Hadden: Mark, when we look at the impact of the royalty issue, when you look at our portfolio and you look at the distribution of both well depth and rate on the gas side, we are able to weather those changes relatively well. While we don't have an exact number for you today for 2009 because that's part of our planning process is to work through that and really get those numbers very well developed as we move into the fall. We think the impact on a barrels per day basis will be relatively small on our operation and as John mentioned earlier, we redeployed capital out of those areas that are impacted in our portfolio to areas that are either minimally or not impacted, in particular the oil side of the business. So relative to our Canadian performance you're going to see a ramp up in Canada to continue based on Jackfish thermal, the redeployment into the Lloyd area, and some flattening and improvement in the Canadian gas business, so for us as a company, the impact of the Canadian royalty changes, will be relatively small. Of course, when you look at Alberta itself, it's still moving in the wrong direction relative to providing good solid energy development in Alberta, but from a Devon standpoint that impact is going to be relatively small.
John Richels: Right and it's very hard Mark to give you a comparative number because to give you a comparative number really assumes we would run the same program year-over-year just with the royalty impact. So as Steve said, by moving that around within our portfolio, what we're still doing as you know is we're comparing our opportunities in Canada not only against other opportunities in Canada but opportunities across our entire portfolio and we're only going to proceed with the ones that match up well from a value creation point of view and with our movement now more into the Lloyd field. That’s been a very, very high rate of return project for us because of our economies of scale there and the oil prices and the other factors, so it's tough to quantify that but it's not really slowing down what we're doing in Canada and we're in the fortunate position there too, having a huge asset base which isn't going to go away, so as costs come down, as foreign exchange rates get more to or start to come down a little bit in Canada, we'll be ready to continue to ramp up our programs on our portfolio there.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: John, with your fairly small comment or inference also apply to year-end 2007 proven Canadian reserves?
John Richels: Yes.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay. Just one other one if I could. Is there any contingent element to the exercise of the preemption rights on the Cascade interest?
John Richels: Could you repeat that?
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Is there any contingent payment element to your exercise of the preemption rights on the Cascade interest? 
Steve Hadden: No, sir.
John Richels: No.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry [Mader] with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Harry Mader: Hi, guys. Just a quick question. Given the pending asset sales and free cash flow, it looks like you certainly wouldn't need to come to market but you do have a decent amount of short-term debt outstanding and your leverage is already pretty low so any thoughts on whether you're interested coming to the bond market this year for longer-term financing?
- Lehman Brothers: Hi, guys. Just a quick question. Given the pending asset sales and free cash flow, it looks like you certainly wouldn't need to come to market but you do have a decent amount of short-term debt outstanding and your leverage is already pretty low so any thoughts on whether you're interested coming to the bond market this year for longer-term financing?
Larry Nichols: No. We haven't really addressed that just because our debt is in such good position, terming some of that out is a possibility but we really haven't focused on that yet.
John Richels: And really with the cash that we're going to get from the African divestitures plus the cash balances that we already have and the free cash flow that we're generating we'll pay off that short-term debt. As we've said before, we've got some longer term debt in place and we'll probably just continue to roll that as we go forward because we're at kind of a healthy level of long term debt for a company our size and there is really no compelling reason for us to go to the long-term market right now.
Harry Mader: Okay, thank you.
- Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric [Goldman] with GB Capital Partners. Please proceed.
Eric Goldman - GB Capital Partners: Good morning. I wondered if you could give us any additional color on your hedging strategy and sort of the pricing scenario and what your cash flow might look like if we maintain this high level of prices for natural gas?
Darryl Smette: Yeah, this is Darryl Smette, and this year, we put into place a number of hedges on the gas side of the equation and historically what we've done is we've put in hedges that support the capital programs that are going forward within Devon. We have so many capital programs now that are longer term in nature, it's hard just to stop and start those capital programs that we thought it was wise towards the end of 2007 and early 2008 with a lot of gas in storage and forecasts suggesting that maybe we were going to have a warmer than normal winter, it would be wise to put some of the hedges on that we did. So, we'll continue to look as we go out, we still have the capital projects, long-term capital projects and we look at it periodically, but I would say that we would continue to look at all of those options available to us from the financial standpoint both collars and swaps. We do, as you probably noted, have entered into some financial transactions for calendar year 2009, I think 300 million a day. We're projecting at $8.25 price, so we continue to look at that and as the opportunities present themselves to support our capital programs, we will probably do so.
Larry Nichols: But that's only about 10% of our 2009 gas production or so and 0 hedges on oil.
Eric Goldman - GB Capital Partners: Right. Well, I'd see UK gas for winter 09 is up to 16 plus this morning, so what do you see? Do you believe the scenario is real that we're going to be in the 10-plus gas for a while or do you believe like Chesapeake says we probably are going to be in $8 to $10 range or that's where I'm sure they're comfortable, but it seems like that might be backward thinking to think we're going to stay in the $8-$10 range, especially with crude at these levels.
Steve Hadden: Yeah, there are a lot of things that have happened just in the last two or three months really that has made commodity prices on the gas side look very bullish. First of all, as you mentioned, we've had a very high oil price and we've seen a lot of non-commercial people go into the market that has certainly been bullish for the market. In addition to that as I mentioned a little earlier, we had a 4% to 5 % on our population weighted basis – 4% to 5% increase in demand this winter. We've had Japan now come off the nuclear facility, that went off line the third quarter of last year. They anticipated being on first quarter of this year and now they say it will be at least a year and maybe longer, so that adds about a Bcf of demand globally. The production performance that we've seen out of Mexico has been rather disappointing. So, many people projected you'd actually see some exports out of Mexico a year ago and now it looks like that's imports. We not only had cold weather in the US this year, we had it in Asia, in Europe, which certainly has kept the LNG volume coming to the United States down. So, we've had a lot of bullish signals to the market over the last two or three months and one could speculate that that would probably raise the spectrum where gas prices will do the $8-$10 barrel range and we wouldn't dispute that. But most of us have been in this business a long time and we know that things can go up in a hurry and go down in a hurry and so right now we're certainly enjoying the prices we're receiving but that's not an indication that they will stay there forever.
John Richels: All right, and this gas environment is not priced into or not modeled in very many cash flow scenarios for you, I'm sure, for 08 and 09 and one other thing, it's still the only component of the energy market where you've got a huge short interest remaining. So there obviously is another bullish indication that at some point the shorts are going to have to capitulate or at least they have in every other part of the energy complex.  All good points.
Eric Goldman - GB Capital Partners: Thank you very much and congratulations on a great performance.
Steve Hadden: Thank you. 
Larry Nichols: That ends. That's the last question we had in the queue, so thank you, everyone for participating in today’s call and we look forward to reporting to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes the presentation. You may all now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - VP of Communications and Investor Relations Larry Nichols - Chairman and CEO Steve Hadden - SVP of Exploration and Production John Richels - President Darryl Smette - SVP of Marketing and Midstream
Analysts: Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company Joe Allman - JP Morgan Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Gil Yang - Citi Mark Gilman - Benchmark Jason Ganu - McGuire David Heikkinen -Tudor Pickering
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy's fourth quarter and year end 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Vince White: Good morning, everyone and thank you operator for that promotion. Welcome to Devon's year end 2007 conference call and webcast. I am going to start the call with the few preliminary items and then our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols will give a high level overview of 2007 as well as updates on a couple of strategic initiatives. Following Larry's remarks, our Senior Vice President of Exploration and Production, Steve Hadden will cover our operating highlights. And then finally our President, John Richels will finish up with the review of the year's financial results as well as our outlook for 2008. We will conclude the call in about an hour. So if you don't get your question answered, please feel free to contact us after the call for follow-up. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage and we will also be distributing a new issue of Devon Direct as well as posting it to the Devon website. Also today we will follow Form 8-K as we do each time this year which will provide the forecast for the year ahead. This 8-K includes forecast for 2008 production by product and geographic region, expense estimates and our expected differentials to benchmark oil and gas prices for the year. The forecast in today's 8-K treat our remaining operations in Africa as discontinued operations. However, in addition to the forecast for our continuing operations, we are providing a summary forecast applicable to the divestiture properties. This will enable those of you that maintain models on Devon to include or exclude West Africa as you choose. As you may remember our decision to sell last year our African operations triggered the accounting rules for discontinued operations. Under those rules the revenue and expenses for the discontinued operations are collapsed into a single-line item near the bottom of our statement of our operations. However, we are providing an additional table in today's new release that includes a detailed statement of operations for the discontinued ops. As indicated on this table, net earnings from discontinued operations were $212 million in the fourth quarter and $460 million for the full year 2007. However, I will remind you that that does not mean that the discontinued operations would have contributed that level of earnings if we were not selling them. That's because the accounting rules for discontinued operations require us to stop recording depletion expense on the properties that we're selling once they are declared discontinued operations. Had we continued to depreciate our African properties, we would have had net income associated with the divestiture properties of a $196 million for the fourth quarter and $368 million for the full year 2007. And both the quarterly and the full year figures include the $90 million gain we recognized in the fourth quarter on the sale of Egypt. Accounting for discontinued operations also complicates the comparability of our earnings estimates. Most of the analysts that report to First Call excluded the impact of discontinued operations for the fourth quarter. The mean estimate of earnings per share from the analysts that excluded discontinued operations was a $1.91 for the fourth quarter, that compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of a $1.93. For those analysts that included discontinued operations in their estimates, the mean was a $1.94 a share and that compares to our non-GAAP diluted earnings including discontinued operations of $2.16 per share for the fourth quarter. So in either case, we beat the Street expectations. Before I turn the call over to Larry, we're obligated to remind you that discussions of our expectations, plans, forecast and estimates are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. And while we always make every effort to provide you with the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. And for a discussion of the risk factors that could influence our actual results, you could refer to our Form 8-K that we will be filing today. One final compliance item, we'll make reference today in the call to various non-GAAP performance measures. When we provide these measures we are also required to provide certain related disclosures and those disclosures have been posted on the Devon website. That concludes my remarks and I'll now turn the call over to Larry Nichols.
Larry Nichols: Thanks, Vince, and good morning, everyone. Now for the fun. The earnings release that we released this morning really shows that Devon had its best year ever in our 20-year history as a public company. 2007 was a great year. We grew oil and gas production 12% over 2006, up to 224 million Boe. We reported record net earnings of $3.6 billion. We reported record earnings per share of $8 per share. Cash flow before balance sheet changes climbed 21%, also reached an all-time high $7.3 billion. With cash flow from operations we funded $5.4 billion in exploration and development capital. In addition we repurchased $326 million of common stock and we repaid $567 million of maturing debt during the year. In laying the foundation for the future we drilled over 2400 wells with a 98% success rate growing crude reserves to a record $2.5 billion of equivalent barrels. Our finding and development costs came in lower than our forecast and did not include any reserves from our deepwater Gulf projects. We began operations on three of our significant projects that we talked about in 2006 and 2007, the deepwater Merganser field in the Gulf of Mexico, the Polvo offshore field in Brazil and the Jackfish oil sands project in Canada. In the Barnett Shale, we achieved a 33% production growth and drill-bit reserve additions of more than three times the year's production, very good performance in the Barnett Shale. In Canada, we increased annual oil production from Lloydminster by 40% to 33,500 barrels per day and added 22 million barrels with the drill-bit. Not to be out done our marketing and mid-stream operations also delivered record results, contributing more than $0.5 billion of operating profit for the year. And we finished the year in a very strong financial position with $1.7 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand and net debt-to-adjusted cap ratio of just 18%, very strong balance sheet. In this today's release we did provide summary of reserve report data and I have a couple of observations about those results. The drill-bit reserve additions, and by drill-bit, I of course mean discoveries, extensions and performance provisions came in at 390 million Boe, this exceeded by 30 million barrels, the upper end of the estimated range that we provided in December. These drill-bit additions are nearly 1.75 times our 2007 production from continuing operations. With a total drill-bit capital of $5.8 billion which includes capitalized interest in G&A, and drill-bit revision reserve additions are 390 million Boe. Clearly our organic F&D cost should be among the most competitive, among our entire peer group. Price revisions gave us a net positive boost in 2007, adding another 44 million barrels. Taking these into account, we are looking at all sources including price revisions. We added $437 million Boe at a cost of $6.1 billion. As with our drill-bit only F&D, our all-sources F&D should be very, very competitive within the industry. And these results were achieved in spite of our investments during 2007 of roughly $600 million in high impact, future growth prospects which did not add and we are not planning to add any reserves during the year. Foremost to come among these types of expenditures are our deepwater Gulf of Mexico exploration and development projects and particularly the word treasury. We are actively pursuing these long-term projects in offshore China as well as Brazil. Our second thermal project in Canada Jackfish 2 project and a variety of other North American onshore play projects that are included in that $600 million. Looking at 2008, we are forecasting another year of strong production reserve growth within even larger component focused on long-term growth. We're forecasting 2008 production of 240 million Boe to 247 million Boe with drill-bit reserve additions of 390 million Boe to 410 million Boe. With drill-bit capital expected to be somewhere in the $6.1 billion to $6.4 billion in 2008, we should again achieve a very respectable, very competitive finding and development costs, while devoting even more capital to our longer-term growth projects. In 2008 we expect to spin about $1 billion on these longer-term growth projects. The investments we are making in those projects today will help ensure that we have a very robust development pipeline and development projects not just into the next decade but throughout the next decade. We also recently announced that we've hedged a meaningful port of our expected 2008 production mostly on the natural gas side. Our decision to hedge was based on several factors. As most of you know, the nature of our capital budget has shifted over the last few years toward a longer-cycle time projects with long-term associated capital commitments. Examples include the Jackfish SAGD projects, our Lower Tertiary exploration and development projects. These are projects that require continued investment independent of short-term commodity price fluctuations. When we initiated this hedging activity, gas storage in early January, gas storage was at near record levels. Over the past few weeks, natural gas storage levels have moved closer to five-year averages being led by the record withdrawals that we had last week. While this has somewhat lessened our concern regarding gas storage, we still believe the potential for gas price volatility remains. The extent of that volatility will be driven both by weather conditions during the remainder of the winter and by economic conditions and the persisting concerns about a recession affecting U.S. The hedges we entered into are very attractively priced and reduced the potential impact of gas price volatility. In fact both the swap price of $8.24 and the floor price of $7.30 are natural gas colors that we're able to exclude for 2008 are higher than the average natural gas price for any year in history except for one yea 2005 when we had the hurricanes. Weighing these factors we believed it was prudent to enter into these hedges for 2008. To give you a quick update on West Africa, we closed the sale of Egypt last year and are soliciting the final government approvals to close the $205 million sale on our Gabon operations. We received a variety of attractive bids for the other West African properties and are working through the negotiations with the various purchasers and governments on those properties. Although this is proven to be very time consuming we're optimistic we'll complete these by midyear. With the anticipation of the completion of our African divestitures, the Board has recently reauthorized the 50 million share repurchase program that we suspended in 2006. We could have considerable free cash flow in 2008, especially following the closing of the remaining divestitures. We believe that Devon stock was very attractive versus alternative investments and expect to opportunistically repurchase shares with our excess cash. Before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a few moments of pride and I hope you'll indulge me. In January Devon was named one of Fortune Magazines’ 100 best companies to work for. At number 48 on that list, Devon has the distinction of being the highest ranked oil and gas producer to ever appear on that list. In addition of all those companies, we had the fourth lowest employee turnover rate. That is really rather a commendable rate. With competition from employees in our industry at very fierce levels, being selected one of the best places to work gives us a distinct advantage in a very competitive market. Selection for this type of award is mainly based on feedback, independent feedback that is known by the outside agency and talking to our own employees and we want to thank all of those employees for their support and for the culture that we've created here. With that, I'll turn it over to John. John? I am sorry, Steve Hadden.
Steve Hadden: Thanks, Larry, and good morning to everyone. As Larry mentioned from an operations perspective, 2007 was an outstanding year. We delivered 12% production growth in pushed proved reserves to a record 2.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent. This was the result of highly successful capital program including the drilling of 2440 wells with a 98% overall success rate. Nearly 94% of those wells were in low-risk development projects which continue to provide a solid reliable platform from which to grow. At the end of December we had a 122 rigs running companywide with 87 rigs drilling Devon operated well. And we are drilling at a similar pace today. 2007 capital expenditures for exploration and development develop projects came in at $5.4 billion including $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. To reach the $5.8 billion of drill-bit capital that Larry referred to, you would add roughly $400 million of capitalized G&A and interest to the E&P total. Moving now to our fourth quarter operating highlights starting with the Barnett Shale field in North Texas, we are currently drilling 32 Devon operated rigs including 14 in the core and 18 outside the core. 20 of these operated rigs are the newer high efficiency models. Production growth for the field continued to exceed our expectations in the fourth quarter. You may recall that last August we increased our 2007 exit rate target for the Barnett to 875 million cubic feet per day about 10% above the 800 million cubic feet per day target we set at the beginning of the year. During the fourth quarter we blew through that target as well and we are producing around 950 million cubic feet per day on December 31st. In fact, our net Barnett production average doubled 930 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day for the fourth quarter, up 9% from the third quarter average and up 35% year-over-year. To remind you that these production numbers are net to Devon's interest, not gross operated volumes by Devon. Reasons for the rate acceleration include improvements in drilling efficiency which resulted in more wells drilled during the year, and we realized better average well results. We began 2007 expecting to drill about 400 wells but increased the activity during the year to include more infield wells and more wells outside the core area, ultimately drilling 582 wells in the year.  Our average well results also continue to improve. We bought 116 wells online during the fourth quarter at an average rate of 2.1 million cubic feet of gas per day, compared to average rates of 1.9 cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter of 2006. About a year and a half ago, Devon's stretch goal for the Barnett Shale production was 1 Bcf per day net to Devon interest by the end of 2009. It now looks as though we will reach that target sometime during the second quarter of 2008, about 18 months ahead of the original schedule. Looking into 2008, we planned level of activity in the Barnett Shale that's similar to what we experienced in 2007. We will also continue execution of our 80-surface acre infill drilling program as well as drilling a few trial horizontal infill wells on 40 surface acres and on 20-surface acre locations. We expect our Barnett Shale program to deliver another year of strong production growth in 2008. From a reserve performance perspective, the Barnett Shale was the leading growth area for the company again in 2007. Extensions, discoveries, and performance revisions in the Barnett accounted for 158 million barrels of oil equivalent of additions. This was well over three times our production of 50 million Boe for the year. Associated capital was $1.6 billion. At year end we had 724 million Boe booked in the Barnett and 87% of those reserves are developed compared with 78% developed at year end 2006. So PUD bookings in the Barnett are only 13% of the year end improved reserves. In the Woodford Shale in eastern Oklahoma we currently have five operated rigs running. We bought a total of 12 new operated wells online during the fourth quarter and now operate about 60 wells in the play with gross operated production running about 47 million cubic feet a day. Until now our Woodford activity was focused on drilling the hold acreage principally, but in 2008 we will shift to developing that acreage. We plan to invest about a $160 million of capital in the Woodford and double our operated well count by drilling about 60 wells during the year. Moving to the Rockies and the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, we had four rigs running throughout the fourth quarter. During the quarter, we drilled 16 wells in Washakie bring full year total to 49 wells on Devon operated acreage. We also participated in a 112 outside operated wells during 2007. Devon's net production at Washakie averaged about 103 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter, up 4% from the third quarter average and up 14% year-over-year. In 2008 we plan to invest about $125 million of capital in the Washakie drilling approximately a 130 wells. Two high efficiency rigs are expected to be delivered later this year to increase our drilling time per well. With over 300 undrilled locations we have plenty of running here in Washakie. Shifting to east Texas at Carthage we wrapped our 2007 93 well vertical Cotton Valley drilling program during the fourth quarter. We had 6 rigs running throughout the quarter and drilled 32 vertical wells. In 2008 we expect to spend about $200 million on low risk repeatable vertical program drilling 100 wells. Also at Carthage, our horizontal drilling program continues to deliver solid results. During the fourth quarter we drilled and completed three new Cotton Valley horizontal wells including the 100% working interest at Langford 6H well that Iped for 4.6 million cubic feet a day. In 2008 we plan to spend a $160 million as we step up our Carthage horizontal program. We expect to run 4 rigs and drill 23 horizontal wells for the year. Today we have about a hundred horizontal locations identified at Carthage. In total our Carthage net production averaged a record 277 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day for the fourth quarter, up 7% from the third quarter average and up 19% from the year ago. From a reserves perspective Carthage delivered an impressive growth again in 2007. We added 46 million barrels of oil equivalent of reserves, 3 times our 2007 production, with drill-bit capital of $426 million delivering strong reserve growth at low F&D. With the combination of our horizontal and vertical drilling programs, we believe we can continue to grow Carthage production and reserves well into the future. Southwest of Carthage at Groesbeck, we're still in the early phases of evaluating our acreage position and optimizing our site selection, drilling and completion techniques. We've made some good strides in improving our consistency and reservoir performance from the wells we have drilled in some areas is very good. We brought online two strong horizontal wells at Groesbeck in the fourth quarter. In the Nan-Su-Gail field, the Nail-B 12H Iped at 24 million cubic field a day and in the Oaks field the Thompson 12H Iped at 12 million a day. As we did in the non-core Barnett we will move very deliberately until we mature our understanding and are prepared to maximize the return from our position. And while we still have more to learn we believe we have an attractive horizontal play in the Groesbeck area with a sizable number of potential horizontal drilling locations. Now moving to Canada, at the Devon operated Jackfish thermal heavy oil project in Eastern Alberta, we began injecting steam last year and are now selling oil. We are seeing some minor startup issues as we monitor and adjust the systems but only reservoir responses good and we’ve not detected any design problems with the above ground facilities. Production will ramp up gradually heading towards an expected sustainable production rate of 35 barrels of oil a day. At Jackfish 2 we awarded primary engineering contracts in the fourth quarter of 2007 and in mid-2008, we hope to receive regulatory approval and formally sanction the project. If all goes well, we could begin site work in the fall. Jackfish 2 is planned to have the same design as Jackfish with production capacity of 35,000 barrels a day and 300 million barrels of recoverable resources. At our Lloydminster Oil plant, Alberta this exceptional asset is demonstrating the breadth of Canadian portfolio. We are increasing production dramatically at Lloyd with low F&D costs and very high rates of return. We ran a four rig program in the fourth quarter and drilled 145 new wells. This brought the full year total to 429 wells, Lloydminster production averaged 38,000 thousand barrels per day in the fourth quarter, up 9% from the third quarter and up 46% year-over-year. 2007 drill-bit reserve additions at Llyodminister totaled 22 million barrels of oil equivalent just about doubled the year's production. Drill-bit capital was $241 million. In 2008 we plan to spend 280 million and drill another 475 wells in the Lloydminister area. Now shifting to the Gulf of Mexico in our Lower Tertiary exploration program, we are preparing to drill the objective section on a Chuck prospect located in Walker Ridge 278. The objective is a large subsold structure, but we won't have any results to report until the well has been logged and evaluated. Devon is the operator of Chuck with a 39.5% working interest. Also drilling is the Lower Tertiary Green Bay prospect, Green Bay's and Walker Ridge 372 in approximately 6,300 feet of water, the prospect was spot in the fourth quarter and is currently drilling below 20,000 feet. Green Bay is about 20 miles north of the Saint Malo discovery and about 18 miles east of the Chuck prospect. Devon has a 23.4% interest in Green Bay. We are conducing appraisal and development activities on each of the four Lower Tertiary prospects where we made discoveries. At Saint Malo also located in the Walker Ridge area, we reached the planned depth with our second delineation well, the Saint Malo Number 3 and have completed coring in the Wilcox. We'll now plan to drill another 200 feet to 300 feet when we finished here the rig will mobilize and move on to the Saint Malo Number 4 appraisal well. At Jack, also in Walker Ridge we plan to drill the Jack 3 appraisal well with the Ocean Endeavor rig after complete its work on a Chuck exploratory well. The result of these appraisal wells at Jack and Saint Malo will help the partners to determine the optimum development approach for these projects. Devon has a 25% working interest in Jack and 22.5% working interest in Saint Malo. The partners in the Cascada discovery are planning the next round of appraisal operations to be performed in the second quarter of 2008. Devon has a 20% working interest in Cascada, which is in the deepwater Kirkley Canyon lease area, west of Walker Ridge. At Cascade, the first of Devon's Lower Tertiary discoveries slated for development, we awarded the remaining contracts for facility supply, construction, and installation in the fourth quarter. Later this year we plan to drill the first of the two initial Cascade producing wells. We anticipate first production at Cascade in the first half of 2010. Devon and Petrobrass have equaled 50% working interests in Cascade. In our deepwater Miocene exploration program we expect to begin drilling on the Sturges north prospect located at Water Valley block 138 in the next few days. A previous discovery at Sturges encountered over 100 feet of net oil pay. The Sturges north is adjacent to the original discovery but we'll test the separate structure. Devon has 25% working interest in the Chevron-operated prospect. Now moving to Brazil, we continued development drilling on the Devon-operated Polvo oil project on block BMC8 during the fourth quarter. Due to some mechanical issues production at Polvo has not ramped up as quickly as we expected. However, we're pleased by what we have learned about the reservoir from the drilling the first few wells. We believe our resource estimates at Polvo were solid but it could take a little bit longer to reach peak production than we initially planned. We continue to move forward with our exploration program in Brazil where we're building an inventory of high potential prospects. We currently have ownership in 9 blocks in Brazil comprising 1.3 million gross acres and 700,000 net acres and 3 offshore basins. We have 17 prospects identified to-date with gross un-risk potential ranging from a 100 to 460 million barrels per prospect. Seven of the blocks are located in the prolific Campos Basin where hydrocarbon discoveries and production have been established in place from the Cretaceous presold to the Miocene. We are partnered with Petrobrass in four of these blocks in Campos Basin. In addition to the presence in the Campos we have acquired two frontier deepwater blocks, one in the Barinas basin and one in the [Cameleon] basin. In 2008 we'll drill our first presold exploratory well on block BMC30 in the Campos basin. Then in January 2009 the Devon-operated deepwater discovery drillship is expected to arrive in Brazil to commence drilling seven planned wells over a two-year period. That concludes the operations update. I’ll now turn it over to John Richels to review our financial results and the 2008 outlook. John?
John Richels: Thank you, Steve and good morning, everyone. This morning I will take you through a brief review of the key events and drivers that shaped our 2007 financial results and our outlook for 2008. As Vince mentioned, we have reclassified the assets, liabilities and results of operations in Africa as discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. So I’ll focus my comments only on our continuing operations, which exclude the results attributable to West Africa. Let's begin with our production. For 2007 our full year production was 224 million barrels of oil equivalent or approximately 614,000 Boe's per day. Compared to last year you'll find that company-wide production increased by 65,000 Boe per day or nearly 12%. Our US onshore and international operating segments drove this year-over-year growth. We grew production from US onshore by nearly 40,000 barrels per day or 13%.  Increased drilling activity in the Barnett Shale coupled with overall reservoir outperformance in the Barnett were the biggest drivers of our US onshore growth. We also nearly doubled production in the international sector to 54,000 barrels per day in 2007 driven by the performance of the ACG field in Azerbaijan and initial production from our Polvo field in Brazil. For the fourth quarter of 2007 production came in at 58.1 million equivalent barrels or 632,000 barrels per day. This represented a 10% increase in fourth quarter production over last year and marks the seventh consecutive quarter of production growth. In addition, we exceeded the fourth quarter guidance provided in our third quarter conference call, by just over a million barrels. This was driven by several of our core properties in North America, delivering better than expected results, and the lack of any significant hurricane downtime in the Gulf of Mexico. Looking ahead to 2008, we anticipate continued, strong production growth. The mid point of our 2008 forecast range implies a 9% increase over 2007, driven by growth from our established onshore properties in both the US and Canada, the ramp-up of production from our Jackfish steam-assisted gravity drainage project in Alberta. A full year of production from Merganser in the Gulf of Mexico and the continued ramp-up of production from our Polvo project in Brazil. We expect production for the first quarter of 2008 to be up slightly at about 640,000 Boe’s per day with growth expected each quarter for the reminder of the year. Moving to price realization starting with oil, the WTI benchmark rose steadily throughout 2007 and ended the year with the fourth quarter average of $90.92 per barrel. Ultimately the full year WTI index averaged $72.39, a 9% gain over 2006. In addition to the strength and benchmark oil prices, most regional differentials narrowed, when compared to last year, and most important to Devon was the robust internationally oil market, reflected in premium pricing for our light sweet oil in Azerbaijan. Overall companywide price realization rose to 88% of WTI or $63.98 per barrel for 2007. As the result of the improvement in differential, 2007 realizations actually outpaced the rise in WTI by a couple of percentage points. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub index averaged $6.86 per MCF for the year, a 5% drop off from 2006. However, in the fourth quarter the Henry Hub index rebounded by 13% from third quarter lows to $6.97 per MCF. For the year Devon gas price realizations came in at the top end of our guidance range at approximately 87% of Henry Hub, a 3% improvement over 2006. Price realizations were especially strong in Canada and in the Gulf of Mexico. However, this regional strength was partially offset by widening price differentials in the Rockies prior to startup of the Rockies Express Pipeline. In today's 8-K we provide detailed guidance for expected oil and natural gas price differentials for the upcoming year, as well as details of the hedges that Larry mentioned. The hedge volumes in the 8-K include another 25,000 MMBtu of gas hedges entered into, after we issued Monday's press release. In additional to strong upstream performance, Devon’s marketing and midstream operations also produce outstanding results. Driven by strong gas processing margins, fourth quarter operation profit totaled $148 million and brought full year marketing and midstream profit to $509 million. This the highest level in company history and $73 million more than the 2006 total. Looking forward to 2008, we expect marketing and midstream operating profit to increase once again, to some more in the $510 million to $550 million range. Moving to expenses, as we indicated in our third quarter conference call, our reported 2007 our lease operating expenses came in at the high end of our guidance range. Full year LOE was 1.8 billion or $8.16 per barrel produced. The increase in the 2007 LOE rate reflects higher oil transportation costs, largely related to production growth in Azerbaijan, increased workover activity in the Gulf of Mexico and upward pressure relating to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar. In 2007 the average Canadian exchange rate increased about 6% over the 2006 average. Unit LOE for our US onshore segment grew at a much more moderate pace of 5%. For 2008 we anticipate continued but more moderate pressure on costs. Our forecast indicates 2008 lease operating and transportation expenses to range somewhere between $8.90 and $9.25 per equivalent barrel. For 2007 Devon’s full year DD&A expense for oil and natural gas properties came in at $11.85 per barrel, about a nickel above the high end of our full year guidance range. Overtime of course you would expect our unit DD&A rates to gravitate towards the average unit finding and development costs. As a result we expect our DD&A rate to come in between $12.75 and $13.25 per Boe in 2008. Moving on to G&A expense, full year G&A expense for 2007 was $513 million. Higher employee-related costs drove G&A just above the high end of our guidance range. Looking to 2008 we anticipate a continuation of the current tight employment market, resulting in additional upward pressure on personnel expenses. Consequently we're forecasting our 2008 G&A costs to be in the range of $590 million to $610 million, including approximately $90 million of non-cash equity based compensation expense.  Turning to the interest expense, interest expense for 2007 was $430 million at the low end of our guidance range. Commercial paper and credit facility balances accounted for just over 20% of total interest expense for the year. Looking at 2008, we expect our interest obligations to decline, as we continue to pay down commercial paper and credit facility borrowings.  Our forecast assumes a mid year close on the remaining West African asset divestitures and a simultaneous payoff of our commercial paper balances. Based on these assumptions and our expectation for lower interest rates in 2008, we expect 2008 interest expense to decrease by about 20%, to a range of $340 to $350 million. The final expense item I would like to touch on is income taxes. Devon's reported income tax expense for 2007 came in at 26% of pretax income. When you back out the impact of items that are generally excluded from analysts estimates, you get an adjusted current tax rate of 12% and a deferred tax rate of 20% for a total income tax rate of 32%. The main contributor to the lower than expected current tax rate, was increased intangible growing cost deduction, due to higher E&P activity levels. Looking to 2008 we expect a similar combined tax rate with about one third being current and two thirds deferred. In today's earnings release, we provided a table that reconciles the income tax effects of items that are usually excluded from analyst estimates. So moving to the bottom line fourth quarter reported earnings from continued operations were an impressive $1.1 billion or $2.45 per diluted share. That’s a 120% increase in earnings from continued operations over the same period a year ago. After backing out the impact of items that are generally excluded from analyst estimates, we had net earnings from continued operations of $868 million or $1.93 per diluted share. For the full year our adjusted net earnings from continued operations increased by 13% to $2.9 billion or $6.38 per diluted share an all-time record. To sum it up from almost every perspective in 2007 was a great year for Devon. And with that, I will turn the call back over Vince to open it up for Q&A.
Vince White: Thank you John. Our operator, we're ready to take the first question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of Dave Kistler with Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company: Good morning.
Larry Nichols: Good morning.
Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company: With respect to the Barnett, both you and the industry are having very prolific production growth there. It seems like kind of across the board people have a very deep inventory there, obliviously you guys have one of the deepest. Do you foresee any potential if the structure constraints in the near future, whether it would be transportation gathering, processing, and, if so, can we talk a little bit about your development plans for handling that?
Darryl Smette: Yeah, Dave, this is Darryl Smette. Obliviously you are correct that Devon and number of the other participants in the Barnett Shale are having success and that has put some strain on infrastructure not only gathering systems but export systems in processing plants. Devon has in place, from transportation enough processing capacities assisting plants and our own gathering systems so we can handle all of the production that Devon for seasoning produce into the future. So while we do see something constraints in the area, we think that we have positioned ourselves not only to produce the volumes but they will have a gathered, processed and transported the variety markets throughout the United States.
Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company: Great. Kind of building off that a little bit. Kind of blocking in all of those plans. Do you guys or have you projected what you estimate to be kind of peak Barnett production for you guys or a goal for peak production?
Steve Hadden: Yeah, this is Steve Hadden, Dave. You saw that we talked earlier that we set a target or a stopping off point of a Bcf a day by the end of 2009, not too long ago, maybe a year or so ago and we belong to that pretty quickly. Our goal is to continue to drive the efficiency with the drilling and completions that we are seeing across the business and continue to work to have those volumes grow. We are seeing better well performance as I mentioned in the earlier comments, better well performance year-over-year as we've been progressing. We've also had success with our infill drilling program that continues to add to our inventory, and this inventory of drilling is very, very deep for us and will go on for a very long time. So as we look out for the foreseeable future for the Barnett Shale for Devon, we expect growth continue to occur and these efficiencies to continue to deliver good growth. So, our goal for say is not any one stopping off point because we'll continue to grow well beyond the Bcf a day of net once we hit that in the second quarter and that will continue for years.
Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company: Great. Thank you for that clarification. If I can just ask one more question. When you kind of look at the deepwater, what do you see is the chief technological challenges as you progress with getting those prospects and projects commercialized. And I guess as a part of that discussion if you could talk about where you are with respect to securing FPSO for Cascade and realizing you are not the operator but would love to get the color on that?
Steve Hadden: Yeah. Relative to the Cascade we're continuing to move forward with that development and specifically to the FPSO for Cascade, it's already been secured. The contract has been left. The vessel is actually in Singapore being retrofitted as we speak. And so we're well on our way and right on our path for first production in 2010. And we'll drill the two wells, the two producing wells, last half of this year and then into 2009 to get the FPSO out there, have the subset work done in 2009 and in the early 2010 and then be ready for the first production there. As far as the overall challenges to getting to a sanctioning decision in commercialization, obviously these things are technically challenging and relatively complex as you go through both the size and the magnitude of what these things could be. And we're working through those things with integrated project teams, with our partners. The challenges include everything from working through all the options for drilling and completing the wells most efficiently and effectively for the reservoir to working on the configuration for the producing facilities that will deliver the best economics and long-term performance for that reservoir as we continue to characterize it with the appraisal drilling that we're doing. So we're right in the midst of working through those things with the integrated project teams and with Jack in St. Malo we're probably looking at some sanctioning decision in 2009.
Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company: Great thanks so much for these clarifications.
Larry Nichols: Yeah. Dave, let me just add one thing. This is Larry. And that goes back to the use of the word peak on the Barnett Shale production what we really and that sort of implies this is going to ramp up quickly and then ramp down equally quickly. The model that we really see for Devon's portfolio and we do have by far the largest and most in-depth portfolio with it concentrated in the near core or the best rock that is and always will be. But what we see is that after many years of growth the rate of growth will gradually flatten out and there will be a flat plateau for an extended period of time and then a fairly gradual decline. So it is not like a, the word peak sort of implies its going to shoot up and shoot down and that is not at all what we see with the portfolio that we have there.
Dave Kistler - Simmons & Company: Great. Well thank you for that clarification.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Joe Allman with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Yes good morning everybody, could you tell us where the price- related reserve revisions were and just confirm, it sounds as if most of the performance related revisions were in the Barnett Shale.
Steve Hadden:  Yeah, I will tell you that Joe the majority of the performance revisions were in the Barnett Shale and Carthage. We had good performance revisions in Carthage as I mentioned in the call. When you look at the price effects, I think the pricing revisions we saw were principally positive revisions in the thermal projects in Canada, based on the year end pricing and then there was some impact in the Barnett Shale and a few other things across, really smaller things just across the portfolio as we look at that. From an international standpoint there was a negative price revision that was a result of simply higher prices and the impact on the production sharing contract at Azerbaijan. If you look at the performance revisions, the performance revisions came principally again from the Barnett Shale and Carthage and the reason that’s occurring is the fact that we are drilling horizontal wells in those areas and for instance one of the largest contributions to the performance revision that came from the Barnett Shale, came from wells that were a vintage of about 2003. So what we are doing is going and we are drilling these horizontal wells, we are booking them very judiciously, initially and then we looking for performance and as we get more and more well performance and see those curves flatten out, then we are having additional performance revisions. In addition to that, we work very closely together on our both our mid-stream and marketing facilities, along with the producing facilities to do things like lower line pressures, optimize flow rates, add additional compression, those type of things. And those are continuing to have an effect on the performance especially in the Barnett Shale but. These horizontal wells, for instance we are drilling them in Carthage also, we book them, we want to see how they go hyperbolic and then once we get confidence on their performance basis then you see these positive revisions come in.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay, it's helpful. And then where are the reserve addition, I aside from the revisions whether reserve additions as much as you expected early in 2007 and just a add on there, the finding cost in ‘07 were higher the finding cost in ‘06, and what was the big driver there and what would you be expecting in terms 2008, I just don’t need a specific number but kind of a similar finding cost in ’08 versus ’07?
Steve Hadden:  Relative to the additions and extensions that we saw, they were basically on target to where we would have expected to be. When you look at the, some of the issues about the finding and development cost, that may appear to be bit higher some areas. That's principally driven by what Larry talked about earlier in the call. We spend $600 million on projects that we think are going deliver great value and long-term growth for the company. But, they are not delivering any reserve in the given budget here. So I think that's going to be the principal reason of that variation that you saw there.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay. And around 2008 would you expect, I mean, are they similar large expenditures that aren’t necessarily going result in reserves, such that the finding cost can be about maybe roughly the same?
John Richels: Yeah. I think, we are going to see similar numbers in 2008.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Got it. And then really quickly cost, in the overall are you seeing cost, doing a completion cost coming down here still plateauing, could you just give us comments on that?
Steve Hadden: Yeah. For a cost standpoint, overall we certainly see the rate of increase coming down on average across the business when you look this on average. I think you can roughly say that as a company the drilling and completion cost that we see are probably, escalation might average around in a 5% range or something like. But, when you look across the portfolio for instance in Canada, we've seen significant reductions in drilling and completion cost in that market, which we had anticipated and we continue to anticipate because that market was pretty over heated. On the other extreme when you see the deepwater side of our business, those costs still remain relatively high because demand for rigs etcetera is still pretty tight.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Vince White: Joe this is Vince, I might add to what Steve said that our drill-bits reserve additions for the year and the resulting, finding and development cost were really right in the sweet spots of what we had forecasted at the beginning of the year. So, it very much came in line with our expectations and those did not change throughout the year.
Joe Allman - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks Vince.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed 
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Brian
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: On Jackfish, what should we expect in terms of quarterly progression of bitumen sales, and do you have any initial thoughts based on what you've seen so far regarding steam/oil ratios?
Larry Nichols: Yeah. I think what we will see is a pretty steady rise over the next year in a little bit to the peak of 35,000 barrels a day. We've always estimated that on average, once we started steam injection and got up and running, that ramp-up could take as long as about 18 months. And we're very pleased with the reservoir performance so far. As I think we've mentioned before in some of our calls, we think the Jackfish reservoir is in the top quartile of the oil sands reservoirs. And the results that we've seen so far from the reservoir indicate that that's true. From a facility standpoint, the design looks very good. As you probably know when we begin to produce the oil and the water together here, the specific gravities of the two are very close. And we have to work through some issues on both chemicals and operations of the plant to simply line it out. And that's something that we had expected. We're working through those things right now. So we think over the year you'll just see a steady ramp-up in the volumes as we go forward.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: We should not expect full production for the second quarter of 2009?
Larry Nichols: No. We'll probably get the full production yearend this year or sometime in that timeframe.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay
John Richels: Brian, its John. I think what's important to realize is the point that Steve was making here that as you bring these facilities on, there are stops and starts and things that we anticipate. What we're really pleased about, as Steve said, is the reservoir performance, and we haven't seen any of the very significant facilities related issues that you have in some other projects in the industry overtime. So, all of those things are positive.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: It sounds like you're well on your way to Jackfish too. Were those some of the data points that you've now seen and give you greater confidence to precede. It sounds like things are well on their way there.
Larry Nichols: Well, I think we are very eagerly waiting getting to a sanctioning decision and the regulatory approval. Obviously, with Jackfish 1 under our belt and what we are able to do there in constructing both the plant and seeing that the reservoir performances at least early on is really consistent with our thinking. That certainly does continue to encourage us from a technical standpoint on Jackfish. And we'll look at the numbers once we have the early engineering and the economics together and make that sanctioning decision sometime this year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Similar type of question on, although you mentioned, I think it's taking a bit longer to head towards peak production, can you provide a little color and when you expect to get to that peak level now?
Larry Nichols: Yeah. What actually happened, Brian, is that we had delays and hookup in completion of the facilities initially and some of the construction issues around the drilling rate. That was one of the bigger things that slowed us down before we even began drilling the well. And then we drilled three wells, actually drilled a fourth, but it was a long reach well that was probably 4,000 meters long trying to reach out to another part of a reservoir. And we and had a drilling problem there and a float shoe failed, and essentially we've had to redrill that well. So that slowed us down a little bit and we're in the process of redrilling that well. As a matter of fact, it's nearing its PD right now. We think we'll continue to have the production growth from this point forward. Again, we've drilled 3 of about 12 to 15 wells that we'll drill in the development phase of the program. That ramp-up, we thought we'd reach the peak of about 26,000 barrels a day net this year. That will probably get to some peak in early '09.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question will come from the line of Gil Yang with Citi. Please proceed.
Gil Yang - Citi: Hi. Did you comment, Steve, on what you think the reservoir quality is for Jackfish 2 versus in comparison to Jackfish 1?
Steve Hadden: I think its top quartile. We think it's the same. It's right in the same area and in and amongst the same leasehold that we have up there. So, it's going to be of similar quality.
Gil Yang - Citi: Okay. Going to the Barnett you commented that it sounds like the wells are leveling off earlier than you thought. And I guess the big effect was on the 2003 vintage of wells. Are you now booking all the new wells since subsequent to 2003 with that assumption or do you potential revise up all the booking in between, for 2004 and '05, '06, 07 as they flatten out as well.
Steve Hadden: Yeah. It's more the latter than the former here. We booked them with an initial factor, an end factor that they use to try and guess estimate what that hyperbolic decline will be and where they will flatten out. Once we have the performance, obviously, if they were 2003 wells, we've got a few years of performance under our belt, our confidence and certainty goes up in increasing those reserves on those wells. And then, we try and factor in technically that understanding into future wells. But we'll lean more heavily on performance in making these additions, these performance revisions. And therefore, we won't go back through and take all the wells up to the 2003 performance level. We'll just want to see the performance of each subsequent year and make those bookings. Now over time, we may adjust our initial bookings a bit higher but we probably won't take the whole bite at one time.
Gil Yang - Citi: Well, given that you are seeing the improved performance in 2003. So you are saying that in 2007 you didn't book assuming that improved performance, you sort of still booking assuming the original performance?
Steve Hadden: Yeah, that's kind of a, generalities are little bit tough, but when essentially we had enough performance on the '03 wells to make that adjustment, we didn't go back through to the '04 through '07 wells and make a similar, make the same adjustments. So as we get more performance and our confidence rises there, you'll see more of these performance revisions from this incremental reservoir.
Gil Yang - Citi: Okay. So will the '08 wells be booked on the new knowledge of the '03 wells?
Steve Hadden: That will be booked that based on our knowledge of the area, you know that it's an accumulation of knowledge and understanding and it just depends on where the wells will drill and what our engineers think is reasonable certainty for those initial bookings.
Gil Yang - Citi: Okay. Last question is, maybe either Steve or Larry, could you just comment on the -- you comment that there is a long-term billion dollar spending on long-term projects. Can you just comment on roughly what the distribution of the different kinds of projects Gulf versus Brazil versus onshore resource place that kind of thing?
Larry Nichols: Well, I don't have a percentage firmly but the bulk of it is in the deepwater followed by the Jackfish 2 project for this year to pay on how much we get done, that's going to be the largest two components.
Gil Yang - Citi: Is there much spending our new resource play exploration?
Larry Nichols: Oh, yes. There is a good deal of that in the east Texas, variety of areas, some of which we talked about, some of which we haven't where we're looking to out there into the future not just. I mean our goal for a long time has been not just to have the good solid short-term growth that you get out of resource plays like the Barnett Shale where we're our U.S. onshore bread and butter growth were 13% this year just from the blocking and tackling that we do on the U.S. onshore but to looking at longer-term plays that will allow us to achieve that kind of growth for a long time into the future.
Gil Yang - Citi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Guys good morning. Just one Steve on the Barnett resource base in light of the favorable performance, could you perhaps update us on where you might stand vis-à-vis the prior risked estimate of overall Barnett resources and whether you're inclined to adjust recovery factor any higher?
Steve Hadden: Well, we're going to update that in the very near future. We were at I think roughly 14 Bcf on that risk basis, I think which you're referring to Mark. And I think you've heard us talk about the 80-acre, the 40-acre and 20-acre wells that we'll be drilling. So this is just an incredible reservoir, that's about 11% to 13% recovery of the gas in place and we think it may go higher, but we'll update that here in the very, very near future.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay if I could, is it correct you did not book any Cascade reserves despite sanction?
Steve Hadden: No, we did not book any Lower Tertiary reserves and we did not book any Cascade reserves specifically.
Vince White: This is Vince, hi. I want to add for all of you that we're planning no doing an update on Barnett and some, as well as resource potential throughout our portfolio sometime in the spring and we'll be announcing a ate in the near future.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of [Jason Ganu with McGuire]. Please proceed.
Jason Ganu - McGuire: Good morning gentlemen you had a very successful high grading of the international portfolio over the course of 2007. I just wanted to see if you are reasonably happy now with the composition of that portfolio with the focus on drilling in Brazil and China or are there are areas that you are actually looking to supplement the international portfolio with. Then I guess on the other side of that is there anything within the portfolio that you would consider non-core, think it maybe ACG in particular.
Larry Nichols: We will be happy with the portfolio once we have successfully exited out of West Africa and we are hopeful that we'll get that done some time here fairly soon, which I say is the middle of the year. At that point of time we will be happy with the portfolio and we'll see how it revolves. Brazil in particular is an area where significant reserves have been discovered. We've got, as Steve described, a large portfolio there and we very much want to see how that plays out. Azerbaijan still has some growth, they are still doing some expanding that field and it's not a core area for us in the sense that in areas where we were going to grow or expand but it is a quality resource for us to keep in the portfolio. We have made and we are making lot of money out of that and China also is an area where we've got an interesting portfolio where we are using a lot of the same technology and expertise, we have in the US deepwater in offshore China and offshore of Brazil. So, we'll be fairly happy with that portfolio.
Jason Ganu - McGuire: Thanks for an insight Larry. If I can just follow up with one quick one, my recollection is that the debentures or the convertible in the Chevron shares mature this year. Is there any accounting treatment that we should be looking for moving forward and I think you actually have quite a bit more value in the Chevron shares and what the debentures are reliable for?
Larry Nichols: Yeah you are referring to the exchangeable debentures that are exchangeable into the Chevrons shares that we own and you are correct that they mature the share and we have several options available to us and we will consider those options and those would most senses from a business perspective and really aren’t prepared to say what that is at this point Jason, by the way welcome back.
Jason Ganu - McGuire: Thanks then.
Larry Nichols: Jason I will remind you that to the extent that we had some of those exchangeable debentures [10 or 2] are in the last while we paid them off using our strong balance sheet to do that.
Jason Ganu - McGuire: Absolutely, thanks a lot guys.
Larry Nichols: Operator we will take one more question.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of David Heikkinen, with Tudor Pickering. Please proceed.
David Heikkinen -Tudor Pickering: Good morning just I want to talk a little bit about the strategic decision to start hedging in ’08 and then thoughts going in to ’09, given a pretty clean balance sheet and generating free cash flow. Could you just talk through the decision making process and start,. Locking your -- some hedges?
Larry Nichols: Yes, what’s the concern in particularly earlier this share, early in January with the large amount of gas in storage and with the twin concerns of both U.S. hiding in some kind of recession, as well as the overhang of gas that existed at that time we had some concerns about the natural gas markets very short-term it might be that they not be volatile. As I said in my comments the concerning about gas storage has dissipated somewhat with the record withdrawals that we had so that gas storage now, inline with five year average. But we are still, we still have two more months to go before the winter is out, who know when that’s going to be. We just started would be prudent, when we looked at the fairly remarkable swabs and color is that we get off, we thought getting a little insurance by giving up a little upside above numbers that that we thought were fairly high to get a little downtime protection seemed prudent to give us a little insurance against short-term volatility.
David Heikkinen -Tudor Pickering: So, from early January to now, would it be a surprise for you to do more hedges? Are you seeing a change now and where you think the commodity price will be?
Larry Nichols: Well, we've got about pushing two thirds of our expected gas production hedged, which is a rather large percentage. The concern is not that much on oil because there are so many places around the world that can drive oil little prices higher. I think there is more upside pressure on oil than downside in general, and worldwide economies, they are not just the US economy, which has more impact on natural gas prices. So I think we're fairly comfortable with where we are now.
David Heikkinen -Tudor Pickering: Thanks Larry.
John Richels: And David, just to reiterate a point here, we were able to put some of these hedges in place in the last short while at what we think are very, very good prices because of the cold weather that we are having. Nothing has changed other than we recognize there's potential for a lot of volatilities. There's still two months of winter left and you know how that's going to look. Then there is a bit more uncertainty around prices in the short-term. The point I want to make is we're really looking at a short-term perspective here. We still remain or the belief that we're going to see relatively strong prices through the end of 2008 and in 2009 on the natural gas side. So, it is really just to address the concerns or the uncertainties that Larry mentioned in the shorter term.
David Heikkinen -Tudor Pickering: Thanks, John.
Larry Nichols: And as you correctly alluded when you started off your question, we have very little debt, very strong balance sheet, very strong cash flow and cash flow margins. Budget for the year is well within our expected cash flow. So it's really no change in any of those drivers that we've talked about in the past is driving. It's seeing some remarkably attractive collars and swaps that you can get of in the phase of some concern over volatility. Since that was our last question, let me just say in summary that we're very pleased with 2007, not only for what we accomplished in that year alone with production growth of 12%, taking reserves to an all-time high, good strong earnings, record earnings, record earnings cash flow, but more importantly with what it portends for the future. As we look at the success rate we had with the drill-bit, bringing in very attractive F&D from across our portfolio, very attractive for reserve growth, and seeing that the asset quality we had and the strength we have will continue that into 2008 and beyond. So we're very excited about 2008 coming off of a very strong 2007. With that, we thank you for your attention and appreciate your interest in Devon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-07 10:56:00) =====
Executives: Vince White - Vice President, InvestorRelations & Communications J. Larry Nichols - Chairman of the Board, Chief ExecutiveOfficer Stephen J. Hadden - Senior Vice President - Exploration andProduction John Richels - President, Director 
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company Gil Yang - Citigroup Joe Hofer - Wachovia Capital Markets Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Group David Heikkinen -Tudor, Pickering & Co.
Operator: Welcome to Devon Energy’s third quarter earnings conferencecall. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference over to Mr.Vince White, Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, youmay begin. 
Vince White : Thank you, Operator and good morning to everyone. Welcome toDevon's third quarter 2007 conference call and webcast. Today’s call willfollow our standard format; that is, starting with our Chairman and CEO, LarryNichols, who will provide his perspective on Devon and the quarter; andfollowing Larry, Steve Hadden, our Senior Vice President of Exploration andProduction, will cover the operating highlights; and then Devon's, John Richels,will conduct the financial review.  As usual, we will open the call up to questions and we willtry to hold the call to about an hour.  A replay of the call will be available later today through alink on our website. That is devonenergy.com. We will also be posting to thewebsite a new issue of Devon Direct. That’s our electronic report that includeshighlights from the webcast and includes links to supplementary information.  During the call today, we are going to update some of ourestimates based on actual results for the first three quarters of the year andour outlook for the balance of the year. In addition to the updates that we’llprovide in today’s call, we plan to file a Form 8-K later today and that willdocument all the details of our updated guidance.  Also, please note that the references in today’s call to ourplans, forecasts, estimates and so on are forward-looking statements as definedby U.S.securities law. There are a number of factors that could cause our actualresults to differ from those estimates, so we would encourage you to review thediscussion of risk factors that accompany the estimates in the Form 8-K.  One other compliance note; we will make reference today tocertain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we’rerequired by securities law to provide certain related disclosures. You can seethose disclosures. They are available on our website. Again, that’sdevonenergy.com.  Finally, I want to remind you that our decision to sell ourassets in Africa triggered the discontinued operations accounting rules. Underthose rules, we exclude oil and gas produced from the assets selected fordivestiture from reported production volumes for all periods presented. The relatedrevenues and expenses for the discontinued operations are collapsed into asingle line item at the bottom of the statement of operations.  However, in the spirit of full disclosure, you will find anadditional table in today’s news release that includes a detailed statement ofoperations and the related production volumes attributable to the propertiesthat we are divesting.  I also want to point out that net earnings from discontinuedoperations were $91 million in the third quarter. However, that does not meanthat the discontinued operations would have contributed the full $91 million ofadditional earnings if we were not selling them. That’s because the accountingrules for discontinues operations require us to stop recording depletionexpense on the sale properties once we make the decision to divest them. Had we not chosen to exit Africa, we would have reported netincome associated with the divestiture properties of $66 million, or $25million less than the $91 million of income from discontinued operations forthe quarter.  Accounting for these discontinued operations alsocomplicates the comparability of earnings estimates. Most of the analysts thatreported estimates to First Call this quarter excluded the impact of thediscontinued operations. The mean estimate of earnings per share from theanalysts that excluded it was $1.39 per share. That compares to our non-GAAPearnings from continuing operations of $1.41 per share.  The mean estimate for analysts that included discontinuedoperations in their estimates was $1.47 a share, and that compares to ournon-GAAP diluted earnings of $1.55 per share for the third quarter, includingdiscontinued operations. So in either case, our non-GAAP earnings beat thestreet expectations.  With those items out of the way, I will turn the call overto Larry Nichols. 
J. Larry Nichols: Thanks, Vince. The third quarter was another excellent onefor Devon. We made progress both from an operational standpoint, a financialstandpoint, and some important strategic actions, of which I’ll comment on in amoment.  For the third quarter, oil and gas production exceeded ourexpectations and our guidance. Our production grew 10% over the third quarterof 2006, which provides us with our sixth consecutive quarter of organicproduction growth.  We outperformed our third quarter forecast by nearly 2million equivalent barrels, which allows us to increase our full yearproduction forecast. John Richels will discuss the drivers of this productionoutperformance and the revised guidance in a little bit.  The financial results for the third quarter were also verypositive. Net earnings were $735 million and earnings per share exceeded streetexpectations, both with and without discontinued operations.  Cash flow before balance sheet changes increased 15% to $1.8billion, bringing the year-to-date cash flow to $5 billion. We funded totalcapital expenditures of $1.6 billion and we repurchased 120 million shares ofour common stock and ended the quarter with $1.7 billion of cash and short-terminvestments. We ended the quarter with net debt to adjusted cap at its lowestpoint in 10 years at 19%.  Following the end of the third quarter, we moved forwardwith our Africa divestiture program by closing the sale of the Egyptian operationsin early October. As of the closing date, the adjusted sales price was $341million, and we do not expect to pay any income tax on this transaction.  We are finalizing purchase and sales agreement and gettingthe necessary partner and governmental approvals for the remaining Africanassets. Although the process has been complicated and time consuming, we areoptimistic that we can complete all of these transactions by the end of thefirst half of 2008.  In today’s release, we’ve provided an update on ourpreviously announced MLP, our master limited partnership. As noticed in therelease, we have reconsidered our plans to form a marketing and midstream MLP.This decision reflects our views about the current condition of the publicmarket for yield-driven instruments. The market today is just less receptivethan it was when we announced our plans, so we are putting that project onhold.  With Devon's marketing and midstream business generatingmore than $450 million in operating profits, we believe it is prudent to bevery cautious with any decision affecting this important and strategic part ofour business. Although we have no firm timeline for revising the project, wewill reconsider it in the future should market conditions change.  Before I turn the call over to Stephen Hadden, I want toshare with your our perspective on the royalty situation in Alberta. As youprobably know, in late October, the Alberta Government announced a change inthe royalty regime in that province. With Canada providing a quarter of Devon'scurrent oil and gas production, and with most of that in Alberta, any change inthe royalty structure is of course a concern.  The new structure is somewhat complex and we are stillevaluating the impact of the changes on our Canadian operations, but it doesseem likely that there will be some economic impact.  Devon's capital investments are of course based not just onroyalty rates but rather on expected full cycle returns. Those expected returnsare impacted by our expectations for production, realized oil and gas prices,capital costs, operating costs, foreign exchange rates, and a host of otherthings . On a positive note, last week the Canadian FederalGovernment announced a budget proposal which, if enacted, would reducecorporate income taxes, which would have a positive impact on our Canadianreturns. You can be assured that our future investment allocation decisionswill continue to take into account not only the implications of the AlbertaGovernment’s decision to change the terms under which we operate, but also allof the return criteria we evaluate.  Fortunately, Devon has a very large and diverse portfoliowhich will allow us to reallocate capital, both within capital and between --both within Canada and between Canada and across all of our other operatingdivisions. We of course will choose those areas which generate the mostfavorable return.  At this point, I will turn the call over to Stephen Hadden.Stephen. 
Stephen J. Hadden : Thanks, Larry and good morning to everyone. Let’s start witha look at our 2007 capital spending. During the third quarter, our explorationand development CapEx totaled $1.4 billion, bringing year-to-date E&Pcapital expenditures to $3.8 billion. As we noted in last quarter’s call, we expectfull year E&P capital to come in near the top of our forecasted range atabout $5.3 billion.  At the end of the third quarter, we had 150 rigs runningcompany wide, with 89 of those rigs drilling Devonoperated wells. We drilled 599 wells company-wide during the quarter.Twenty-four were classified as exploratory, of which 92% were successful. Theremaining 575 wells were development wells and about 98% of those wells weresuccessful, giving us an overall success rate for the quarter of roughly 98%.  Now let’s move to our quarterly operational highlights,beginning with the Barnett Shale field. We reached a significant milestoneduring the third quarter by drilling our 1,000th Devon operated Barnett Shalewell. It was just about five years that Devon pioneered horizontal drilling inthe Barnett. Due to the superior economics and reduced surface impact, almostall the wells being drilled in the Barnett today are horizontal.  Horizontal wells make up about one-third of our Barnettproducers, but account for about two-thirds of our Barnett production. OurBarnett Shale production averaged a record 856 million cubic feet of gasequivalent per day in the third quarter. This was a 7% gain from the secondquarter and up 32% compared with the third quarter of 2006.  In our last call last quarter, we revised our year-endtarget rate to 875 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day and we are wellon the way to hit that goal. We had also previously announced a longer term nettarget rate of 1bcf per day by the end of 2009. Given our progress to date andthe pace we are on, we now expect to reach the 1 bcf mark per day by early2009. This is more than twice the forecasted production of our next closestcompetitor.  This leading position in the play has been well establishedthrough our first mover advantage. That advantage has given us unmatched sizeand scale in the play. Since 2001, with our acquisition of Mitchell, we built alease position of over 735,000 acres with very favorable lease terms. Devonhas an average royalty burden of under 20% on these leases. This compares to aroyalty burden on most leases taken in the Barnett over the last several yearsof 25% or greater.  The economic impact of a lower royalty burden is dramatic.On a typical 2.5 bcf Barnett well drilled for about $3 million in a $6 per mcfrealized gas price environment, a well with a 20% royalty burden has about 1.4times the present value of a well with a 25% royalty burden.  A large portion of our acreage is concentrated in the betterareas of the play, such as the core area in Johnson County. Accordingly, wehave a superior acreage position and years of additional drilling inventory inthe better portions of the play.  Our history of being the first to identify new applicationsof technology has been well-established since the beginning. Devon was thefirst to unlock the early potential of the play with light sand fracs andhorizontal drilling. While all of the major operators in the play have the samedrilling and completion services available to us, the various operators chooseto complete wells differently. Various lateral lengths and number of fracstages can impact IPs per well, recoveries per well, and ultimately welleconomics.  Rather than focus on maximizing per well production orreserves, Devon has chosen to optimize return with our well designs. We nowhave 3,000 wells in the play and we are drilling at a rate of over 500 wellsper year, by far the largest in the play. This scale allows us to establish anin-depth knowledge of the reservoir, as well as very strong, long-termrelationships with the leading drilling and pumping service providers in thecountry, providing reliability, performance, and value.  We have been asked recently if we plan to integratevertically in the play through the purchase of drilling rigs or completionrelated assets. It’s always been our view that it’s best to allow thespecialists to do what they do best while our team stayed focused on combininginnovation and our deep understanding of the Barnett Shale to deliver the bestvalue growth and return for our shareholders.  These relationships have allowed Devon to hold our wellcosts flat over the past year, despite the cost escalations experienced by ourindustry over the same period. We accomplish this while ramping up activityfrom 385 wells in 2006 to over 500 wells this year, growing our production 32%compared to the third quarter of 2006.  Devon will keep its focus on maintaining the lead positionin the play with the best acreage position, the best lease terms, and the mostconsistent execution, and we’ll provide an early achievement of our 1 bcf perday goal.  During the third quarter, we completed a total of 127Barnett wells, 50 of which were in the core and 77 were outside the core. Weremain on pace to drill 500 wells in the Barnett Shale this year and we arerunning 32 Devon operated rigs, nine in the core area and 23 outside the core.  Our non-core drilling program in Johnson County continues toshine. In the third quarter, we put 39 new wells online in Johnson County at anaverage rate of 2.5 million cubic feet per day. Four particularly strong wellseach had 24 hours sustained initial production rates averaging above 5 millioncubic feet per day.  North of Johnson County in Southern Wise County, we broughttwo exception wells online at 5.4 million and 6 million cubic feet per day, sowe continue to see solid results from our non-core horizontal drilling withtypical yields between 1.5 and 2.5 bcf per well, with some as high as 8.4 bcf.  In addition to expanding the play in new directions, animportant part of our activity in the Barnett Shale is in-fill drilling ordown-spacing in areas that have already been fully developed on primaryspacing. These in-fill wells are usually referred to as 20 acre in-fill wells. However, I’llremind you that with horizontal drilling, one well can replace several 20 acre vertical well locations.Consequently, from a surface development perspective, 20 acre in-fill horizontal wellsactually occupies 80 surface acres.  Since we began this horizontal in-fill program, we’vecompleted a total of 139 of these in-fill wells. A total of 127 that have beenconnected to the producing grid are horizontal with average initial productionof 2.2 million cubic feet per day. Economics from the horizontal in-fill wellswe’ve drilled to date are very solid at an average drilling and completion costof about $2.9 million and approximately 2.1 bcf per well estimated recovery.  In addition, we’ve been experimenting with furtherhorizontal down-spacing. We have completed a total of 11 operated wells thatare spaced to result in two wells per 80 acres, or 40 surface acres per well. Seven of these havebeen tied into production, with an IP of 2.5 million per day. This down-spacingis one of the ways we expect to convert into crude reserves more of the 13trillion cubic feet of potential, represented by Devon's 735,000 Barnett acres. While we are very encouraged by these early results, we’llneed to see more production data before developing large areas based on onehorizontal well per 40 acres. It the Woodford Shale in eastern Oklahoma,we currently have five operated rigs drilling in the play. We brought a totalof eight new operated wells online during the third quarter with individualwell production rates as high as 4 million cubic feet of gas a day. We nowoperate 46 wells in the Woodford, with gross operated production running about38 million cubic feet per day.  Our net Woodford Shale production averaged 20 million cubicfeet per day in the third quarter, up almost 70% compared with the thirdquarter of 2006. On average, our Woodford Shale wells are costing between $4.1million and $4.3 million to drill and complete, and yielding about 2.5 bcf ofreserves per well.  Moving to the Rockies and the Washakie Basin in Wyoming, wehad five rigs running throughout most of the third quarter. During the quarter,we drilled 16 wells and brought 15 on production. Devon's net production atWashakie averaged about 100 million cubic feet per day in the third quarter.  Shifting to east Texas, we continue with a seven-rigvertical Cotton Valley drilling program in the Carthage area. In the thirdquarter, we drilled 25 vertical wells and continued an active recompletionprogram. At the end of the quarter, we were drilling with 66 wells in a 95 wellvertical program that’s planned for this year. Looking forward, we have asignificant drilling inventory with as many as 420 additional verticallocations available, including about 65 20-acre in-fill locations.  We also continue to see good results from our three-righorizontal drilling program in the Carthage area. We drilled and completed fivenew Cotton Valley horizontal wells during the third quarter, including the 100%working interest Davis 4H well that averaged 6.6 million cubic feet of gas perday for the first 30 days of production.  Since we first tested the horizontal drilling concept in theCarthage area about one year ago, we’ve drilled 11 out of 11 successfulhorizontal wells. These wells cost from $5.5 million to $7 million per well todrill and complete, with estimated ultimate recoveries of 3 to 6.5 bcf perwell.  We have as many as 96 additional horizontal locations todrill at Carthage. In total, our net Carthage production average 260 millioncubic feet of gas equivalent per day for the third quarter, up 5% from thesecond quarter average and up 8% from a year ago. With a lot of running roomfor both the horizontal and vertical well programs, we believe we can continueto grow Carthage production well into the future.  Shifting to the Gulf of Mexico and our deepwater productionoperations, we established production from the two subsidy wells at Merganserin the third quarter. These gas wells are flowing into the independent hub andare currently producing at a combined rate of more than 68 million cubic feetof gas per day net to Devon's interest. This rate is 36% better than ourforecasted rate, so we are obviously very pleased with the early performance ofthese wells.  In our deepwater [inaudible] and exploration program, weexpect to begin drilling on the Sturgess North prospect located in AtwaterValley Block 138 inearly 2008. We made an initial discovery at Sturgess in 2003, encountering over100 feet of netoil pay. Sturgess North is located adjacent to the Sturgess discovery but willtest a separate geologic structure. Devon has a 25% working interest in thisChevron operated prospect.  Our lower tertiary exploration program was in full swingduring the third quarter. Early drilling on our Chuck prospect located inWalker Ridge 278 has gone slowly as the Ocean Endeavor rig was being debuggedby Diamond Offshore. We believe that most of the start-up issues have beenresolved and we are currently drilling below 21,000 feet. Chuck is targeting alarge sub-salt structure in about 6,500 feet of water and Devon is the operator of Chuck, with a39.5% working interest.  We expect to begin drilling an exploratory well on the GreenBay prospect around year-end. This lower tertiary exploration prospect islocated on Walker Ridge 372 inapproximately 6,300 feetof water. The prospect is about 20 miles north of the St. Malo discovery and about 18 miles east of the Chuck prospect.Devon has a 23.4% interest in Green Bay.  We are continuing with appraisal and development activitieson the four significant lower tertiary discoveries which we’ve participated into date. Last quarter, we began drilling a location on our Keathley CanyonBlock 244 in the Kaskidaunit. This location, previously known as Cortez Bank, is located about 12 miles west of our 2006 Kaskidadiscovery. The well was drilling in a side-tracked hole to a proposed depth of 33,000 feet when mechanicalissues forced the well to be abandoned before reaching the target objective.  While it is always a disappointment to spend capital on awell that fails to reach its intended objective, this result does not dampenour enthusiasm for the unit. The Kaskida discovery well clearly encountered avery significant oil column and we have a lot of work left to do to fullyunderstand the potential of the unit.  The joint owners are now integrating the results from thetwo wells, along with seismic data to determine our next location in the unit.Devon has a 20% working interest in the unit, which is operated by BP. The nextwell operation is expected some time in the first half of 2008.  At Cascade, our lower tertiary development with Petrobras in the Walker Ridge area, we sanctioned developmentduring the third quarter. We have submitted operating and development plans tothe MMF and we have awarded the FPSO and shuttle tanker contracts. We nowanticipate initial production at Cascade to likely be in the first half of2010.  Our approach to development at Cascadewill allow us to produce the first wells over a sustained period. Reservoirinformation gathered during that initial period phase will help us determinethe optimum number and placement of producing wells and allow optimization offull field facilities for the project. Devon and Petrobras each have 50%working interest at Cascade.  At Jack, also in Walker Ridge deepwaterlease area, Devon and our co-owners expect to finish drilling operations on asecond delineation well, the Jack Number Three, in the first half of next year.The well will be operated by Devon and drilled with the Ocean Endeavor rig.  Finally, at St. Malo, also in the WalkerRidge deepwater area, we are currently drilling our second delineation well andwe hope to have the results in the first quarter of 2008. These additional Jackand St. Malo wells will providing important data that will help the partnersdetermine the optimum development approach to these discoveries.  I will remind you that Devon has a 25% working interest inJack and a 22.5% working interest in St. Malo.  Moving to Canada, in the Lloydminster oil play in Alberta,we have increased production by over 50% over the past 12 months to 34,600barrels of oil per day. We continues to have an active five rig program in thethird quarter, as we drilled 125 new Lloydminsterwells. A second 10,000 barrel a day expansion at our [Manitokin] plant is underwayand we expect to complete that work by the end of 2008.  At the Devon operated Jackfish thermal heavy oil project inEastern Alberta, we began steam injection in the third quarter. We are wrappingup final pre-commissioning activities and expect to see first production fromJackfish around the end of this year. As previously indicated, production willthen ramp up toward an expected, sustainable rate of 35,000 barrels per day.  At Jackfish 2, engineering and budgeting work continue andwe expect to receive regulatory approval around mid-2008. At that point, wewill make a formal decision about the project. This project would add another35,000 barrels of day of thermal oil.  Moving to the international arena, development drilling atthe Devon operated Polvo project on Block BM-C-8 in Brazil continued during the thirdquarter. We achieved first oil on July 26 and have completed the first three ofa total of 10 planned producing wells, which reach a combined growth rate of9,500 barrels per day. The field’s first lifting of 385,000 barrels occurred onOctober 21st. The fourth well is currently drilling. The additional wells willbe drilled and tied in throughout the remainder of this year and into 2008 aswe ramp up the field’s production.  In Azerbaijan, where Devon had a 5.6% working interest inthe ACG oil field, our share of ACG production averaged about 28,000 barrelsper day in the third quarter. As expected, there were about 17 days of downtimeat ACG in the third quarter to perform facility upgrades to both offshore andonshore infrastructure. Field production has since been brought back online.  In China, we expect to drill our Watermelon prospect locatedon Block 4205 inthe first quarter of 2008. You might remember Block 4205 is adjacent to Block2926, where Husky and CNOOC announced a multi-pcf gas discovery. However, thiswell has all the typical risks of an exploration well. Devon operates Block4205 with 100% working interest.  That concludes my comments on our operational highlights forthe quarter. I’ll now turn the call over to John to review our financialresults. John. 
John Richels: Thank you, Steve and good morning, everyone. This morning, Iwill take you through a brief review of the key drivers of our third quarterfinancial results and take a look at how they impact our outlook for theremainder of the year. You can find the details of our updated forecast in theform 8-K that we’ll be filing today, as Vince mentioned earlier.  As a reminder, we have reclassified the assets, liabilitiesand results of operations in Africa as discontinued operations for allaccounting periods presented. As a result, I’ll focus my comments only on ourcontinuing operations, which exclude the results attributable to thedivestiture properties.  Let’s begin with production. In the third quarter, weproduced 56.8 million equivalent barrels, or approximately 618,000 barrels perday. This exceeded our guidance by about 3% or nearly 2 million barrels.  Approximately three-quarters of this outperformance was dueto better-than-expected results from several of our core properties in NorthAmerica and the remainder of the outperformance was attributed essentially tothe absence of anticipated downtime for hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico andthe postponement of planned facilities repairs at our offshore [Puguang]project in China. Thankfully, we’ve had an uneventful hurricane season and therepair work at [Puguang] is now scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of2007.  When you compared our third quarter results to the samequarter a year ago, you’ll find that company-wide production increased by 10%,or approximately 55,000 barrels per day. This reflects year-over-year growth inour U.S. onshore, Canadian and international segments. Production from the U.S.onshore region grew by nearly 40,000 barrels per day, or 12% when compared tothe third quarter of 2006.  Continuing a trend, the leading driver of our U.S. onshoreperformance was strong production growth from our Barnett Shale assets. We alsoexperienced significant growth in the international sector, almost entirelyattributable to increased production from the ACG field in Azerbaijan.  In Canada, total third quarter production increased 2% overthe third quarter of 2006. This was achieved in spite of significantly scalingback on our Canadian conventional natural gas program. Growth in Canada wasdriven principally by drilling on our Lloydminster oil properties.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to growcompany-wide production for a seventh consecutive quarter. In total, weanticipate fourth quarter production of approximately 57 million equivalentbarrels. Key growth drivers will be our U.S. onshore assets, a full quarter ofproduction from Merganser and Polvo, and an uninterrupted quarter of productionin Azerbaijan.  However, this growth will be offset somewhat by therescheduled downtime for equipment replacement in China, along with anticipateddeclines from our conventional gas fields in Canada.  Based on strong performance for the first nine months,coupled with a bright fourth quarter outlook, we are now increasing our fullyear production forecast to 223 million equivalent barrels. This will addanother percent or two to the 10% year-over-year growth target we hadpreviously forecast for 2007.  Although we expect to finish 2007 ahead of our previousproduction forecast, we are not increasing our guidance for 2008 at this time.We typically finalize our capital budget in the fourth quarter and submit it toour board of directors in December for approval. Following board approval, weprovide updated production guidance. Until we complete the budgeting processand determine the optimal level for our 2008 capital spending, we’ll stick withour previous forecast for 2008 of 240 to 247 million barrels equivalent.  Moving on to price realization, starting with oil, in thethird quarter the benchmark WTI oil price rose to an average of $75.21 perbarrel. That’s a 16% increase from the second quarter of 2007.  In addition to higher benchmark prices, regionaldifferentials remain tight with the results of price realizations in all of ourproducing regions where we are above the midpoint of our guidance ranges.  Our company wide realized price came in at $67.41 perbarrel, or about 90% of WTI. That’s a 12% improvement in realized prices overthe last quarter.  Although differentials have widened recently for heavy andsour crudes as benchmark prices have increased, we are still comfortable withour full year guidance for oil price differentials. I’ll remind you that sincenone of our oil volumes are hedged, we are benefiting from further increases inoil prices that we are seeing in the fourth quarter.  On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hubb indexaveraged $6.16 per MCF in the third quarter, some 6% below last year’s thirdquarter. Our company-wide gas price realizations were generally in line withguidance at approximately 86% of Henry Hubb.  Strong price realizations in the Gulf of Mexico and inCanada were mostly offset by continued price weakness within the Rocky Mountainproducing area. You’re probably aware that the price differentials in theRockies have widened significantly over the past several months, due primarilyto constrained regional export capacity.  The impact on Devon, however, has been limited because theRockies represent less than 10% of our company wide natural gas production.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect natural gasprice differentials to be very similar to the third quarter.  Turning now to our marketing and midstream business, onceagain marketing and midstream operations delivered excellent results. Marketingand midstream operating profit for the third quarter came in at $133 million,$21 million more than in the third quarter of 2006. The increase is due tohigher gas processing margin in the 2007 quarter.  Based on the strength of the first three quarters, we’reagain increasing our 2007 operating profit forecast. We now expect Devon'smarketing and midstream full year operating profit to come in between $460million and $490 million. At the midpoint, this represents an increase of $35million from the midpoint of our previous guidance range.  Moving to expenses, third quarter lease operating expenseswere at the low end of our guidance range, coming in at $457 million, or $8.04per equivalent barrel. This was essentially flat to our average LOE rate forthe first half of the year.  For the quarter, unit LOE costs remain steady or decreasedin most of our major operating regions with the exception of Canada. In Canada,LOE remains under pressure from the strength of the Canadian dollar.  In the fourth quarter, we expect a moderate rise in LOEcosts due to new development projects ramping up production and also a seasonalincrease in operating costs in Canada.  For the full year, we expect lease operating expenses to benear the top of our previous guidance range.  Our reported third quarter DD&A expense for oil and gasproperties came in at $12.41 per barrel. This was $0.16 above the high end ofthe guidance range we provided in our second quarter conference call. Thehigher-than-anticipated depletion rate is entirely due to low spot gas pricesin the Rockies at September 30th. This resulted in a temporary reduction inreserves for the calculation of depletion. We expect this situation to correctitself in the fourth quarter and accordingly, we expect our DD&A rate to returnto where it otherwise would have been.  However, due to the higher-than-expected rate in the thirdquarter we now expect our full year DD&A rate to come in near the top ofour previous forecast range.  Moving on to G&A expense, G&A expense for the third quarterwas $126 million. This result is a couple of million dollars above thequarterly range implied by our full year forecast, and $13 million higher thanlast quarter. Higher employee related costs were the primary driver.  Looking ahead, based on our year-to-date results and inanticipation of continued upward pressure on personnel costs, we’re nowincreasing our full year G&A guidance by $30 million to a new range of $490million to $510 million.  A final expense item I want to touch on is income taxes.After adjusting out the items that are generally excluded from analystsestimates, income tax expense for the third quarter came in at 33% of pretaxincome. The current tax position is roughly 10% of pretax earnings and thedeferred tax piece came in at about 23% of pretax earnings. This brought theadjusted income tax rate for the first nine months of 2007 to 32%, with halfcurrent and half deferred. The 32% overall income tax rate, with roughly halfdeferred, reflects our expectations for the fourth quarter and full year 2007.  In today’s 8-K, we are providing updated guidance thatreflects the lower percentage of taxes that are classified as current.  After backing out income tax expense, our reported earningsfrom continued operations for the third quarter totaled $644 million, or $1.43per diluted share. Earnings from discontinued operations added another $91million, or $0.20 per diluted share in earnings. In aggregate, after backingout the items that are usually excluded from analyst estimates, our adjustednet earnings for the third quarter were $700 million, or $1.55 per dilutedshare.  This translates into cash flow before balance sheet changesfor the third quarter of $1.8 billion, bringing the total year to $5 billion.We used cash flow to fund third quarter capital expenditures of about $1.6billion, leaving roughly $200 million of free cash flow for the quarter. Weused the majority of this free cash flow to return more than $180 million toshareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We also received $106million of exchange requests related to our Chevron exchangeable debentures andwe chose to retire those obligations with cash rather than to redeem them withthe Chevron shares that we hold.  Even with the redemption activity, we concluded the quarterwith a healthy cash balance of $1.7 billion and with ournet-debt-to-capitalized ratio, or net-debt-to-capitalization ratio under 20%.  Looking forward, we expect cash flow from operations toroughly cover our capital demands. This will leave us with after-tax proceedsfrom the African divestitures to repay short-term borrowings and to continue torepurchase our stock.  All in all, this was another outstanding quarter for Devonand with that, we’ll open the call up for Q&A. 
Vince White : Operator, we’re ready for the first question. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from BrianSinger from Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer -Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. A question on Canada; if you lookat your overall portfolio beyond Canada, what area do you see that has thegreatest combination of opportunity and capacity to take capital, should youfurther reduce drilling in Canada? Or would you look toward the acquisitionmarket in part?
Stephen J. Hadden : We have a, as you mentioned, a very deep portfolio. Mainlywhere we would look is in the U.S. onshore business. John mentioned that strong12% growth that we’ve seen happening in that aspect of the business. We wouldprobably redeploy it into areas like we have in the Barnett where we are nowdrilling 500 wells where we initially estimated we would drill 385 at thebeginning of this year.  And we have good opportunities in the Carthage area and someof the east Texas areas, so generally, that give us -- those are some examplesof the areas that give us some of that swing. The U.S. onshore is a goodopportunity for us.  I will mention that within Canada, we have both a veryviable thermal oil business but we also have the Lloydminster area and somevery good cold flow heavy oil opportunities that I think you heard earlier inour comments that we’ve been able to grow about 50% year over year.  So within Canada, we can actually -- we have a pretty goodportfolio in Canada that allows us to redeploy capital within Canada away frommaybe some of the lower returns we may be seeing in the Canadian conventionalgas business, and those are very good and solid returns that we get in theLloyd area.  We can optimize within Canada first and then as we lookacross our portfolio, we have other areas where we can go to for that near-termgrowth. 
J. Larry Nichols: I might add that within Canada, you need to realize that theroyalty rates are different between oil and gas and they are different betweendifferent types of gas and different types of oil, and a lot of those aresliding scale type royalties, so it’s a fairly complicated situation that canresult in that reallocation within Canada. 
Brian Singer -Goldman Sachs: Absolutely. Shifting to the Barnett, based on the strongresults that we’ve seen, it would seem like you could reach your 1 bcf a daytarget a littler earlier than early 2009. Do you feel like you are conservativethere? Do you seen any constraints in bringing wells online? Following up onthe previous question, what do you think is your capacity to drill in theBarnett in terms of the number of wells per year?
Stephen J. Hadden : You know, Brian, we’re very comfortable where we are now. Weare at about 32, 33 rigs in the Barnett and that’s probably an activity levelwe would feel good at [inaudible]. At that rate, we drill about 500 wells ayear and as we look forward, we’re not having -- as a matter of fact, if youlooked in the history over this year, our inventory of wells to hook up, forinstance, has actually gone down dramatically, [continue] to trend downward. Soeven at that accelerated rate, because of our very strong midstream presence,the good partnership we have with [CrossTex] and the relationships we have in thefield, we’ve been able to operate at this high level of accelerated activitypretty comfortably.  As we look forward to the bcf a day, we’re going to continueto do the right things for value and core [returns] and we’re going to want toreally take a close look at that as we go in through our budgeting process,which we’re in right now. Probably have a little clearer picture of when we getthat bcf a day sometime maybe in December or January. 
J. Larry Nichols: I might add that the bcf a day is of course not the peakrate that we foresee out there. We are working through on our budget for thatprocess. It was merely the target that we picked which at the time seemedpretty aggressive, but we are clearly way ahead of schedule on meeting that andthere is additional growth beyond, after that. 
Brian Singer -Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gardner from Simmons &Company.
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: Larry, I appreciate your comments concerning the difficultyworking your way through the Canadian royalty change. 
J. Larry Nichols: We’re having trouble hearing you. Can you speak up?
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: Sure, I’m sorry. I believe one of you all’s microphones cutout as well, but with regard to Canada and the royalty change there, atJackfish, any idea of the long-term implications to thermal SAGD development inCanada? What oil price is required now for economic return there for SAGD orthermal?
John Richels: As you know, forecasting the oil price that we need in orderto optimize the returns from the thermal heavy oil project is really difficultbecause there are many variables. It’s oil price, natural gas price, sincewe’re burning natural gas to create steam. There’s the differential, which isan important aspect of it. The cost of [inaudible] and the transportation costsand they all move in different directions.  So if you tell me what the oil price is and we can factor insome of those other variables, then we can come up with that. But that varies alot, so that’s a tough question to answer.  As far as the royalty effect in Canada,I think there’s two things that are important to realize. As Larry pointed outand as Steve did, the royalty effect is variable among different kinds ofassets in Canada. When we look at our Jackfish 2 project, our initial view ofthe legislation or the proposed royalty changes doesn’t change the returns onthat project materially.  Had the royalty review panel recommendations been enacted,it would have, but the way it has now been proposed, it doesn’t change it a lotand frankly, the project remains sensitive to capital cost, foreign exchangerate and all of the other things that it previously did.  The good thing about our Jackfish 2 project is we did somethings at Jackfish 1 that will create some benefits for Jackfish 2 if we goahead with it, most notably the access pipeline. So the costs of that accesspipeline was really taken into consideration in Jackfish 1 and Jackfish 2 willbenefit from it. So a preliminary look or a preliminary view of it is thatthat project still looks pretty good and we are still doing all of ourengineering and capital analysis of that project and we’ll probably make adecision on that in the middle of next year. 
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: Just using a normal relationship between oil and gas prices,can you bracket the oil price required for the thermal project? 
John Richels: You know, what we’ve used in the past, Tom, is -- it wasinteresting. When we approved our Jackfish 1 project, when our board took alook at it, oil was $24.50, the differential was $7.50, gas price was roughly$3, and the return was about the same as it was a year ago when we looked at itagain and we are kind of doing a look back into the project halfway through theconstruction of it, and at that time, oil was $63, the differential was $23,and gas was $7 -- had about the same return.  So the relationship that we think is the most important isthe relationship between WTI and the Lloyd heavy with a differential about 30%to 33% of WTI. That’s the kind of differential that you need and frankly, wethink that given that differentials have historically been in that 30% to 33%range, we think that over the long term, that’s where they’ll settle because eitherthird party processors and refiners will move into that space, or if theydon’t, the E&P sector will continue to move into that space to get thedifferential to that level, at which you can make a real good return on theupgrading side. 
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: How are the economics then of the thermal different fromthose who are mining the oil sands in Canada?Would you think that the mining is more cost challenged or less?
John Richels: I’m sorry. I couldn’t hear that, Tom. 
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: I’ll speak up. There must be some problems with the linehere, but just comparing thermal with mining oil sands in Canada, how would theeconomics compare between the two?
John Richels: Well, they are very different, obviously because they -- Imean, in the mining projects, they’re not burning gas, first of all, and soit’s a fairly -- it’s a completely different equation. Also, all of thosemining projects have an upgrader attached and are producing a quality of oilthat trades up with or sometimes above WTI, as you know.  Without getting into all of the details, we would take a lotof time on it, they are just very different types of projects. 
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: One last question, moving over to the Gulf of Mexico regarding the decision on the MMS royalty case. Did Devonagree to the royalty threshold and do you stand to benefit from the recentfederal court decision on royalties?
J. Larry Nichols: The federal recent court decision was at the federaldistrict level. It is not a surprising decision at all because if you read thelegislation that Congress enacted that provided some royalty relief for theexpensive deepwater, there is -- just a plain reading of it shows that there isno real authority for the MMS to do what they tried to do. Therefore, we werenot the least bit surprised that Congress, that the federal court dispatchedwith that case in a fairly short, summary argument. But that’s just a districtcourt. We’ll wait and see what happens, whether it’s appealed and if so whatthe appellate court rulings are.  I might go back to one -- the comment on heavy oil. Evenwithin steam-assisted gravity drainage projects, there is a wide variety ofcosts that those projects can incur. They are not all one-cost structure. Whatwe are happy about in Jack is that -- and why we are proceeding on it, is amongheavy oil projects, it is a very high quality, low cost project relative tomany others. 
Tom Gardner - Simmons& Company: Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gil Yang from Citigroup.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Good morning. Could you talk, Steve, a little bit about theacceleration in the Barnett? Obviously you said that you are drilling morewells, but is there some -- and obviously you’ve drilled some good wells aswell. So how much would you say the acceleration is due to the increasedactivity level versus the better performance of the wells? And then, with respect to the better performance, is it notonly IPs but are the decline rates doing anything unusually positive for you?Hello?
Operator: Sir, your line is open for your question. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Can you hear me?
Stephen J. Hadden : Can you hear us, Gil?
Gil Yang - Citigroup: No, I can’t hear you -- I can barely hear you. I can hearyou a little bit. 
Stephen J. Hadden : Can you hear us now?
Gil Yang - Citigroup: A little bit. 
Stephen J. Hadden : Back on the question on the Barnett Shale, it’s actuallyboth things driving the acceleration of our activity. If you remember, back inabout a year, year-and-a-half ago, we were running a lot of seismic, gettingsome good processing, and really going about better characterizing the non-corearea so we could get good, solid repeatable results with our wells.  We’ve also had some process improvements on the drillingside that allowed us to reduce our drilling days, so we actually get more wellsper rig. And we are getting better results. That’s partly driven by thosefactors.  So as we’ve built up our confidence in really being able todeliver a repeatable and improved results on average, we continue to acceleratethe program.  An aspect of the drilling activity that we have is the20-acre in-fill. Now, those 20-acre in-fill wells, I think we started off atabout -- estimating about 1.7 bcf per well. When we initially talked about the 20 acres and we were in the pilotstage, I think you saw now we are about 2.1 bcf per well with the largerprogram that we are drilling.  Again, those are areas where we can even go back into thecore and drill those types of wells. So we are seeing improved performance,part of it is reservoir characterization, part of it is the drilling efficiencythat we are gaining, and part of it is the integration of that reservoircharacterization with our completions.  So those factors are all driving the ramp-up that we havefrom about the 385 wells to the 500 well activity level. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Okay, thanks, that’s helpful. Have you seen any change indecline rates?
Stephen J. Hadden : No, not materially. We are still looking at about the sameexponents. Of course, we continue to monitor performance and that’s how we makeour reserve estimates and we are pretty happy and comfortable where we areright now with those decline rates that we have. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Could I just ask the same question for Merganser? What isthe -- those wells are outperforming. Is it just greater permeability? Are thereservoirs larger than you thought? What’s going on there?
Stephen J. Hadden : I think, as you probably know, Gil, when we drill thesewells, we get a lot of static information. In other words, we can look at coreinformation. We can look at log information and of course, our engineering andgeologic teams make estimates of what we think those wells can flow and it’sbasically on a risk basis. To actually see how the well will perform, some ofthese larger intervals will perform under dynamic flow. You actually have toflow the wells, so we are simply -- I think we are simply just seeing betterperformance as it relates to our risk estimate of what the permeability and thecontribution of the well would be.
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Do you have any indication yet that the reservoirs, thatthere’s no concern that they are compartmentalized in any fashion?
Stephen J. Hadden : It’s still too early to really make any other definitiveconclusions on that, since it’s still early in the production life. We haven’tseen anything negative to date. 
Gil Yang - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Payne from WachoviaCapital Markets.
Joe Hofer - WachoviaCapital Markets: Hello? Can you hear me? This is Joe Hofer for Ross Payne. Iwas just following up on the Barnett Shale, just looking at -- what is theaverage well life you have there? And as you look to potentially deployadditional cash flow to the area, how would you characterize the costenvironment that you are facing in the region?
Stephen J. Hadden : Let me take the first issue first. As we look at the life ofthese wells, these are wells that they initially come on and have a pretty gooddecline rate initially. Then they go what we call exponential, so they begin toflatten out in their production profile. Some of these wells, you can estimatethem to produce for as long as 40 years, so the well lives are very -- can bevery, very long.  If you look in terms of our cost environment, we areactually -- we have actually seen the cost of our wells on a year-over-yearbasis remain flat. Now that’s driven by the drilling efficiencies that we’ve beenable to gain and partly by some of the softening in the acceleration of costescalations that we had seen starting in about early 2005 and through 2006.  From a cost standpoint, we are very comfortable in theenvironment that we are in. The average well is going to be around $2.7 millionto about $3 million a well, and we are getting about 2.5 bcf on average out ofeach well. 
Joe Hofer - WachoviaCapital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Group: Good morning. Can you hear me? A couple of things, Steve, ifyou wouldn’t mind. First, I think when you were discussing Chuck, you talkedabout a side track hole having run into mechanical problems. What about theoriginal hole?
Stephen J. Hadden : Actually, Mark, that was on the Cortex Bank well, the wellwe were drilling in the Kaskida unit. 
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Group: I’m sorry, Steve. 
Stephen J. Hadden : We were in the process of side-tracking to gain some more reservoirinformation. The initial well we drilled to its total depth and we are in theprocess of looking at that information and working through that information.  The side track that we had was a distance away from theoriginal hole. We were trying to get some more reservoir information but wedidn’t reach the objective and are disappointed with that, but we are stillvery excited about the Kaskida unit. 
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Group: Okay, with respect, Steve, to Cascade, do you have anynumbers in terms of development cost, reserve numbers, and estimatedproduction?
Stephen J. Hadden : No, I don’t think we’ve put that out yet. 
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Group: Okay, Polvo, it looks as if, just on a pro rata basis, thatthe performance of the first three wells doesn’t necessarily get you to whatthe plateau estimate was. Is that evaluation premature?
Stephen J. Hadden : We think it’s premature to draw that conclusion. On thefirst initial wells, we are drilling in the [macha a] carbonites and thosecarbonites can be a little bit tricky over time and you can have somevariability.  We are still very early in the drilling program. We haveseven more wells to drill and we are still sticking by about that 50,000barrels a day. If that changes once we get a few more wells under our belt,we’ll let people know. 
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Group: Okay, and finally with respect to Carthage, if I recallcorrectly, last conference call you were talking about actually pulling back alittle bit in terms of the drilling program, as you better assessed horizontalperformance. Now you are moving the rig count back up to 13. What’s reallychanged?
Stephen J. Hadden : Mark, actually in east Texas, the area where we were havingproblems was looking at the Groesbeck area and we were having some mechanicalproblems in getting into the full extent of the horizontal section and makingsure that we had the completions going off and getting the number of stages offracs that we wanted to have in the horizontal sections.  We’ve had a very good effort with a team of people workingon that. We actually have had some pretty good results. We brought one well onin the Groesbeck area, came on about 17 million cubic feet a day in the[Nantsugill] Field. So you can probably see us begin to ramp that back up as wemove into 2008.  On Carthage, that’s been working very well. We have not hadany of the mechanical problems and we are continuing to run three horizontalrig lines as we continue to move forward with that horizontal program. 
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Group: Okay, Steve, thanks a lot. 
Vince White : Operator, we’ll take one more question and then terminatethe call. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from David Heikkinen from Tudor, Pickering.
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Just a follow-up; volume lifted at Polvo in October?
Stephen J. Hadden : The number was 385,000 barrels. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co.: And then a schedule for liftings from here forward?
Stephen J. Hadden : Right now, we have another scheduled in December. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Okay, and then just a reminder on the production sharingcontract at ACG, volumes versus oil price and how that works, looking forwardat today’s oil prices?
Stephen J. Hadden : It’s a pretty complex PSC but the bottom line is as the oilprices get higher, we are going to have less cost oil coming to the contractor,and as we reach different payout tranches, as we reach different returntranches, we could have a -- we will have a drop in our nets, so it’s affectedby oil price both on the net that we take and the cost oil that we recover asprices go higher. 
Vince White : If I remember correctly, this is just kind of a broad brushrecap, we’ll go through two tranche reductions in the next nine months or sothat will reduce our net take to about half of the current level, and then wereally expect flat production for a long time thereafter. 
David Heikkinen - Tudor, Pickering & Co.: That’s perfect, Vince. Thank you. 
Vince White : Okay, just a quick recap of the quarter; it was an excellentquarter again. Operationally we delivered growth from our core developmentprojects, we continue to see very promising results from our long-termexploration program. Our organic production growth of 10% over last year’sthird quarter positions us to raise our 2007 production forecast, which ofcourse will in turn lead to higher growth over 2007 over 2006. All of thisleads to increases in revenues and earnings and cash flow. Divestiture programmoving forward, and we expect to be positioned to fully fund our capital needs,repay debt, and repurchase stock in the year ahead.  In summary, we are very happy with our continued high levelperformance and think we are very well-positioned for the future. Thanks andwe’ll talk to you again in February. Take care.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-01 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Larry Nichols - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer   John Richels - President, Director   Danny J. Heatly - Acting Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President - Accounting   Stephen J. Hadden - Senior Vice President - Exploration and Production   Vincent White - Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations
Analysts: Thomas Gardner - Simmons & Company   Ben Dell - Bernstein & Co.   Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets   Rehan Rashid - Friedman, Billings & Ramsey   John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch   David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners   Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company
Operator: After the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Vince White, Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
 Vince White: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to Devon’s second quarter 2007 conference call on web cast. I will begin with a few remarks and then our Chairman and CEO, Larry Nichols, will review the highlight of the quarter and bring you up to date on some of our recent initiatives. Following Larry’s remarks, Steve Hadden, he’s our senior Vice President of Exploration and Production, and he will cover the operating highlights. And then finally, Devon’s President, John Richels will conclude with a financial review. We’ll follow that with a Q and A session. As is our practice, we’ll try to hold the call to about an hour, so if we don’t get to your question, please give us a call this afternoon. A replay of today’s call will be available later today through a link on devonenergy.com. We will also be posting to our website a new issue of Devon Direct. This is an electronic report that included highlights from the web cast and also includes links to additional supplementary information. During the call today, we’re going to update some of the estimates for the year that are based on the actual results that we saw for the first six months of the year and our current outlook for the second half of the year. In addition to the updates that we’re going to provide in today’s call, we’re going to file an A-K later today and that document will give all the details of our updated guidance. Please note that in today’s call, we’ll talk about plans, forecasts, and estimates. These are all forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. While we always strive to provide you the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that can cause our actual results to differ from these estimates. Because of these uncertainties, we encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors that we provide with our form A-K accompanying the forecast. One other compliance note. We will make reference today to certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we’re required to provide related disclosures and those disclosures are available on our website at devonenergy.com. We encourage you to review those disclosures. Finally, I want to remind you that our decision to sell our assets in Africa and terminate of operations there triggered the accounting rules for discontinued operations. Under those rules, we exclude oil and gas produced from the divestiture assets from our report in production volumes for all periods presented. The related revenues and expenses for the discontinued operations are collapsed into a single line item at the end if our statement of operations. However, in today’s release we’re providing an additional table that gives you a detailed statement of operations as well as production items for the properties that we are divesting. You will note that for the quarter we reported net earnings for the discontinued operations of $80 million. That’s in the second quarter. However, that does not mean that the discontinued operations would have generated earning of $80 million, had we not decided to sell them. The discrepancy occurs principally because the accounting rules require us to stop recording depletion on the sale properties once they are designated for divestiture. Has we not chosen to exit Africa, we would have had net income of associated with the divestiture properties of $50 million. Or $30 million less than the $80 million of income we reported from discontinued operations. Discontinued operations also complicate the process of estimating earnings and that’s what we did last quarter. We polled the analysts that report their estimates the first call and determined that some had included African operations but this quarter, the majority excluded the impact of the African operations. The mean estimate for the analysts that we contacted that included discontinued operations was $1.50 per share. This compares to our non-GAAP diluted earnings of $1.87 per share for the second quarter. The mean estimate from the analysts that we were able to contact that excluded discontinued operations was $1.45 per share and that compares to our non-GAAP earnings from discontinued operations of $1.73 per share. So, any way you look at it, with or without the contribution of the second quarter was a blowout quarter. With those items out of the way, I’ll turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Nichols: (inaudible) is not usually inclined to such exuberant language, but it clearly was a terrific quarter that extends the momentum that we’ve been building for some time. We’re particularly pleased with the increase in production from continuing operations which was 16% better than the second quarter 2006, and 5% ahead of the first quarter 2007, demonstrating very solid organic growth. The second quarter of 2007 was our fifth consecutive quarter of production growth, and about 300 million barrels in our target for the quarter. There are several reasons for this out performance, they’re really across the board of our portfolio, and later in this call John Richels will explain those reasons and give a production outlook for the remaining two quarters. With regard to our second quarter financial results, they were also very strong. As Vince described, the second quarter earnings and the earnings per share came in better than analysts expectations. If you look at the numbers that Vince just gave you, whether you exclude or include discontinued operations, our earnings exceeded the estimates of analysts by 19%, and they were also the second highest quarterly earnings per share in Devon’s history. The cash flow before balance sheet changes was a record $1.8 billion, bringing the year-to-date total to $3.3 billion. Importantly, the 56.2 million equivalent barrels that we’ve produced in the second quarter puts us well on the way to producing at the upper end of our full year 2007 forecasts of 219-220 million BOE from continuing operations. That would be more than a 10% growth for 2007 over 2006. We’re very pleased about our performance at this halfway point in the year, and remain confident in the continued success for our long-term growth strategy that combines our predictable near term developmental projects with the higher impact longer-term growth opportunities that we’ve been building. Now concerning our Africa divesture program, I’ll give you a brief status update on that. We expect to close the sale of our Egyptian operations near the end of August. This is the transaction with Dana Petroleum that we announced earlier in the second quarter. The sales price was $375 million, which includes $67 million working capital. That works out to about $38.50 per barrel of crude reserves so we’re pleased with that transaction. The West Africa divestiture program began a few months later than the Egyptian program. The interest level has been quite high, and we have received more than 30 bids on those assets. As we expected we received bids for various combinations of properties, and we’re still in the process of determining the most favorable combination of bids. And we will not announce those sales until we’ve actually signed the purchase and sale agreements in hand. One element of our growth strategy over time has always been to regularly evaluate our property portfolio and make changes when necessary to realize the greatest value from our broad set of opportunities. That decision to divest our operations in Africa and re-deploy the people and capital to other projects is of course a result of that evaluation. As we said when we announced the divestiture plans, in addition to funding our capital spending program, we expect to use the proceeds to repay commercial paper balances, and to resume share repurchase program that was suspended last year when we made the acquisition of the chief Barnett Shale properties. This repurchase program is in addition to the recently announced 10b5 share repurchase plan that is intended to offset to the dilution of option exercises, and grants a restricted stock. Finally I want to mention an announcement we made a week or so ago, on July 18, concerning the creation of a marketing and midstream Master Limited Partnership. Under the SEC’s pre-registration rules, which are known as the “gun-jumping” rules, we’re not allowed to provide any new information on that project that was not already included in our news release. To recap that news release, we plan to form an MLP that will initially own a minority interest in Devon's U.S. onshore marketing and midstream business. The purpose of creating the MLP is of course to allow the marketplace to establish an independent value for our midstream business that is currently embedded in Devon’s overall corporate evaluations. A Devon subsidiary will serve as the general partner of the MLP, and Devon will own a majority interest following the initial public offering. Because of the gun-jumping rules, we request that you refrain from asking any questions about the MLP today. A Devon subsidiary will serve as the general partner of the MLP and Devon will own a majority interest on the initial public offering. Because of the rules we will request that you refrain from asking any questions about the MLP today. Registration should provide you with most of the answers when it becomes available. With that I will turn it over to Steve Hadden who will give you a more in-depth review of the exploration and production operations, Steve.
Stephen Hadden: Thanks Larry and good morning to everyone. We had an active second quarter drilling 434 wells company-wide. 14 of these wells were classified as exploration of which 79% were successful. The remaining 420 were development wells and about 99% of those were successful. We had 141 rigs drilling in June of which 88 were drilling Devon operated wells. Capital expenditures for explorations and development on our routine properties, and this excludes operations in Africa, were $1.2 billion in the quarter. This brought total exploration and development capital for the first six months to $2.5 billion. Now let’s move to the quarterly operational highlights beginning with the Barnett Shale field in North Texas where we continue to enjoy excellent success in production growth ahead of our plans. We are currently running 30 Devon operated rigs of which 13 are in the core area and 17 are drilling outside the core, including 11 in Johnson County. During the second quarter we completed a total of 147 Barnett wells of which 56 were in the core area and 91 outside the core. At the current pace we would drill about 500 wells in the Barnett Shale this year compared with our previous forecast of 385 wells. With this additional activity, we expect company-wide exploration and development capital to come in at the upper end of our forecast range of $4.9 billion - $5.3 billion. From an execution perspective, the new more automated rigs are enabling us to buck the trend and reduce drilling costs in the Barnett. Average drilling costs have decreased in 2007 versus 2006. This is largely due to a 10% decline in average drilling days per well down from 18.3 days in 2006 to 16.5 days in 2007. This is saving us about $190,000 per well in drilling costs and helping offset higher completion and fracturing costs and is holding our total well costs flat year-over-year in the Barnett. We continue to see solid results from Johnson County where during the second quarter we put 24 new wells on line at an average rate of about 3.1 million cubic feet a day. 2 particularly strong wells in Johnson County each had 24 hours sustained initial production rates in excess of 5 million cubic feet a day. In addition, we bought 17 new horizontal wells online in portions of Southwestern Tarrant and Southeastern Parker Counties at an average rate of about 1.8 million cubic feet a day. We also continue to see solid economic results from our core area 20-acre infill-drilling program. Through the end of the second quarter we’ve completed a total of 128 infill wells, a 105 of which were horizontal. A total of 124 infill wells have been connected to the production grid and 101 of those are horizontal that came on line at an average rate of 2.1million cubic feet a day. Our net Barnett Shale production averaged a record 797 million cubic feet of gas per day in the second quarter. The second quarter average was up 9% from the first quarter and up 37% compared with the second quarter of 2006. We previously announced a target rate of 800 million cubic feet a day by year-end 2007. Having essentially reached that target already we have revised our year-end expectations to 857 million cubic feet equivalent per day. We also set a long-term target of 1 Bcf per day by the end of 2009. Given our progress to date we’d expect to set a more aggressive target when we update our long-term projections later this year. Because the Barnett Shale was so dominant we seldom highlight our conventional gas operations in Fort Worth Basin. However, in the second quarter we also increased conventional Fort Worth Basin production by 7% compared to the second quarter of 2006 to 70 million cubic feet a day. Moving onto the Wood ford Shale in Eastern Oklahoma we currently have five operated rigs drilling in the play. We bought a total of seven new operated wells online during the second quarter with individual well production rates as high as 4 million cubic feet of gas per day bringing our total operated well count to 38. (Eddings) gross operated production was about 35 million cubic feet a day from the field. Our total net Wood ford Shale production averaged over 16 million cubic feet of gas a day in the second quarter and we plan to grow that volume to between 25 and 30 million cubic feet a day by year-end. We believe that Devon’s network resource potential in the Wood ford could be as much as 1 Bcf. To accommodate our growth and that of others in the area, we are constructing a $30 million gas processing plant located about 20 miles west of McAllister, Oklahoma. The plant will have the capacity to process up to 200 million cubic feet in natural gas per day and produce about 18,000 barrels a day of natural gas liquids. The plant is scheduled to be operational in May of 2008. Shifting to east Texas, we continue with a seven-rig vertical cotton valley drilling program in the Carthage area. In the second quarter we drilled 22 vertical wells and continued an active recompilation program. At the end of the quarter we were drilling the 44th well in the 88th well vertical program we have planned for this year. We also continue to have success with our horizontal drilling program in the Carthage area. We added a third horizontal rig during the second quarter and drilled two new wells, including our first cotton valley horizontal in the central part of the Carthage field. The 98% working interest Hancock 15H well averaged 6.7 million cubic feet in gas a day for the first 30 days of production. Two additional cotton valley sand wells were drilled during the quarter and are awaiting completion. In total, we expect to drill 15 horizontal wells in Carthage this year. Our net Carthage production averaged 249 million cubic feet of gas equivalent per day in the second quarter, up 7% from the first quarter and up 6% from a year ago. Also in east Texas, we continue to peruse to horizontal drilling program in the Gross-Back area. However we scaled back this year’s plans from 22 wells to 17wells.   The reservoir performance we’ve seen from the wells in this area is very encouraging, but the drilling and completion options we’re evaluating are very complex and we’re working towards refining our approach before moving into full development in the area. This is very similar to our approach that we have taken in the non-core baronage hail where we thoroughly evaluated our position before moving into wide scaled development. We still believe we have as many as 200 potential horizontal drilling locations in the Gross-Back area. Moving to the Rockies and the Powder River Base and then in Wyoming, we have eight rigs currently running including four Devon operating rigs drilling in the big George formation in the West Pine Tree and Juniper Draw areas. We expect to drill more than 200 new wells by year- end. Our net-powder river production averaged 61 million cubic feet of gas per day in the second quarter, up 9% from the first quarter average and up 11% compared with the second quarter of 2006. We expect to exit 2007 producing over 70 million cubic feet a day and ultimately expect to bring Powder River Productions to more than 100 million cubic feel per day in late 2008. Now shifting to the Gulf of Mexico, we are pleased with our continued progress in the quarter end in our deepwater lower area trend. First, at our 2006 discovery called Cascada, the MMS approved expansion of the Cascada unit to the west with the addition of Keytha Canyon blocks 244 and 245 in June. As a result the Keytha Canyon 244 number one well, previously known as the Cortez Bank prospect, was included in the unit. The well, some 12 miles away from the discovery well, sits in 5500 feet of water and is currently drilling below 30,000 feet. SQ is operated by BP and Devon has a 20% working interest. The second lower tertiary well we are drilling is on our Chuck Prospect located in Walker Ridge 278. This exploratory well targets a large sub-salt structure in about 6500 feet of water. The wells currently drilling below 8000 feet with the ocean endeavor, the deep water-drilling rig that we have under long-term contract. Devon is the operative chuck with 39½% working interest. Also in our lower tertiary exploration program during the second quarter we completed an agreement to acquire 23% interest in the Green Bay Prospect located on Walker Ridge 372, approximately 20 miles north of St. Mallow discovery and about 18 miles east of our Chuck Prospect. This are has seen many lower tertiary discoveries to date and we expect to begin drilling an exploratory well on Green Bay Prospect in the fourth quarter. Our Gulf team continues to work with our partners towards the commercial development decisions on each of our lower tertiary discoveries. At Cascade, our 50% working interest project with Petra Bross in the Walker Ridge area, we expect to sanction the project and award FPSO and development contracts later this year. And Jack, also in the Walker Ridge deep water lease area Devon and our co-owners are preparing to initiate drilling on a second delineation well, the Jack number three, later this year, with the results expected in early 2008. The well will be operated by Devon and drilled with the ocean endeavor when drilling is complete on the Jack exploratory well. The co-owners are evaluating various development options for Jack and Devon has a 25% working interest in that prospect.   And finally in St. Mallow, also in the Walker Ridge deep-water area we expect to drill delineation well during the fourth quarter. We have a 22½% working interest in St. Mallow. In the eastern Gulf of Mexico the Marganza field was ready for production to the independent’s hub in the second quarter. Devon has a 50% interest in the two Marganza wells, which should commence production later this month. We expect our share of production to be about 50 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. Shipping to the Gulf of Mexico to -- on the shelf, again this quarter we had success in both exploration and development projects. We've made a discovery at our lime prospect on Eugene Island 354; the well was drilled to about 10,600 feet and penetrated the Atlantic sands where we found approximately 140 feet of net pay. We expect to bring the lime discovery on line in the third quarter at an expected rate of about 8 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. Devon has a 50% working interest in this discovery. On the development side, we drilled a third offset to our very successful 2005 Chopin discovery. The B-12 development well located on Eugene Island 333 was completed in June and came on line at 25 million cubic feet of natural gas per day. All four wells are currently producing at a combined rate of 75 million cubic feet of natural gas per day, and Devon has 100% working interest in the four wells. Our Gulf team now has largely completed the planned 2007 shelf capital program with 100% success rate, a job very well done. Moving north to Canada, we drilled just 63 wells in Canada in the second quarter due in part to the extremely rainy spring. The wet and muddy conditions delayed our drilling in the first two months of the quarter at our Lloyd Minister Oil Play in eastern Alberta. However in June we ramped activity back up to five rigs, and were able to drill 36 wells in Lloyd Minister. We plan to maintain a five-rig program for the remainder of 2007. Our net production from the Lloyd Minister area averaged 33,000 barrels of oil a day in the second quarter, up 48% when compared with the second quarter of 2006. We’ve also begun to prepare for our next expansion of the Mannetoken plant. An additional 10,000 barrels a day of processing capacity will be added to bring our total processing capacity at the facility to 27,500 barrels a day in anticipation of our growing oil volumes. At our 100% Devon owned Jackfish Heavy Oil Project in eastern Alberta pre-commissioning activities were completed in June, and was achieved on July 16. As we've indicated before, we expect production from Jackfish to begin around the end of this year. Production will then ramp up to a suspected sustainable rate of 35,000 barrels a day by the end of 2008. At our Jackfish 2 Project, engineering and budgeting work continues and we expect to receive regulatory approval around mid 2008. At that point we expect to make a formal decision about the project. Jackfish 2 would essentially double the size of the Jackfish Project, adding another 35,000 barrels a day of oil production. Moving to the international arena, development drilling on the Devon operated Palvo oil project on DNC8 in n Brazil continued during the second quarter. As we announced on Monday, we have now begun producing into the FPSO from the first of ten development wells. The additional wells will be drilled and tied in throughout the remainder of this year and into 2008 as we ramp our production up to 26,000 barrels a day net to Devon's 60% working interest. Now to [Abidjan], where Devon has a 5.6% in the ACG oil filed, gross oil production exceeded 750,000 barrels of oil a day in early May. Devon's share of ACG production averaged more than 40,000 barrels a day in the second quarter. This was above forecasts because of favorable timings of [lithnics]. We do not expect that situation to repeat in the third quarter, in fact we expect two to three weeks of planned down-time at ACG in September to tie in new facilities and do some maintenance work. And finally, in China, we will be replacing the production riser at the Panyu field during the third quarter. Accordingly we anticipate up to two weeks of downtime at the Panyu Field. This work was originally scheduled for the second quarter, but was delayed awaiting delivery of the replacement equipment. In summary, the second quarter delivered strong operational results, demonstrated good organic growth, and advanced our high impact projects, adding both near term and long-term value. Now, I'll turn the call over to John Richels, to review our financial results for the second quarter.   John.
John Richels: Thanks Steve, and Good Morning. This morning I want to take you through a brief preview of the key drivers that impacted our second quarter financial results. In addition, I will review with you how these factors are likely to affect our outlook for the remainder of the year. Events mentioned, we're issuing an 8k today, will provide further details of our updated 2007 forecast. As a reminder, we have reclassified the assets, liabilities and results of operations in Africa as discontinued operations for all accounting periods presented. As a result, I'll focus my comments on our continuing operations, which exclude the results attributable to Africa. Let's begin with production. In the second quarter we produced 56.2 million equivalent barrels for approximately 618,000 barrels per day. These results exceeded our guidance by over three million barrels or about 6%. Approximately half of three million barrel out-performance is attributed to better than expected performance from our core North American properties. The other half of the out-performance is attributable to favorable royalty adjustments in Canada, the timing of oil sales from the ACG field in Azerbaijan, and the rescheduling of expected downtime at our Panyu project in China. When you compare second quarter results of the same quarter a year ago, you’ll find that company-wide production increased by 84,000 barrels per day or roughly 16%. This strong year-over-year growth was driven primarily by our U.S. onshore and international segments. Production by the U.S. onshore grew by over 40,000 barrels per day, or 15%. When compared to the second quarter of last year, once again the leading contributor to our U.S. onshore performance was grossed in the Barnett Shell production. In addition we also experienced significant growth from our international sector, up nearly 45,000 barrels per day over the same quarter last year. This was primarily attributable to the ACG field in Azerbaijan. In Canada, despite significantly scaling back conventional gas drilling activity, second quarter production remained relatively flat year-over-year, and actually increased by 4% over the first quarter of 2007. We had strong performance from our Lloyd Minster area projects and net performance was also aided by reduced royalties. Based on first half results, we expect production to come in at the top end of our full year 2007 forecast range of 219-221 million oil equivalent barrels. Looking to the second half, we expect our productions to total approximately 55 million barrels in the third quarter, and 57 million barrels in the fourth. Third quarter estimate reflects a slight decrease in production from second quarter. This is driven by the timing of oil sales and the scheduled field downtime in Azerbaijan, as Steve mentioned. Also, it reflects scheduled downtime for the equipment replacement in China and an anticipated drop in production from Canada. Fourth quarter growth will be fueled by our U.S. onshore properties and the ramped up production from the Mergancer field in the deepwater gulf, and the Palvo field, offshore Brazil. Moving on the price realizations and starting with oil. In the second quarter, the benchmark WTI oil price averaged $65.08 that was 8% below the second quarter of 2006, but a 12% increase from the first quarter of 2007. In addition to the strong oil price environment this year, regional differentials narrowed and price realizations in virtually all of our producing regions were in or above the top half of our guidance range. The leading driver of our higher oil price realizations was the robust international oil market and this is reflected in the premium pricing that we received for our light, sweet oil in Azerbaijan. As a result, our company-wide price realizations rose to 92% of WTI, or $60.01 per barrel for the quarter. That’s a 15% improvement in realized pricing when compared to the first quarter 2007. We will be updating our full year oil price differential guidance in today’s AK to reflect the improvements in pricing. On the natural gas side, the benchmark Henry Hub index averaged $7.55 per MCF in the second quarter. And this was 11% higher than in the second quarter of 2006 and 12% higher than the first quarter of 2007. Our company-wide gas price realizations came in near the midpoint of our guidance at approximately 86% of Henry Hub. Price realizations remain strong in Canada and in the Gulf of Mexico. However, this regional strength was offset by weak gas price realizations in the Rocky Mountains. As many of you know, price differentials in the Rockies, have widened significantly over the past few months due to increased productions and constrained take-away capacity. As a result of this short-term issue, we continue to expect soft pricing to persist in the Rockies for the remainder of 2007. Looking into the third quarter, we now expect natural gas price realizations to approximate 100% of NYMEX to the Gulf, 80% of NYMEX to the U.S. onshore, and 90% of NYMEX for Canada. Updates to our full year differential guidance will be provided in today’s A-K. Turning now to our marketing and midstream business, in addition to the terrific upstream performance in the second quarter, Devon’s marketing and midstream operation once again delivered impressive results. Marketing and midstream operating profit for the second quarter totaled $119 million that was $14 million greater than the second quarter of 2006 and $10 million sequential quarterly increase. This solid performance was driven by increased gas processing revenues combined with higher natural gas pipeline throughput. Based on our strong showing in the first half of the year we now expect our marketing and midstream full year operating profit to come in between $420 million and $460 million, which represents an increase of $30 million from our previous guidance. Moving to expenses, second quarter lease operating expenses was near the midpoint of our guidance coming in at $439 million or $7.81 per barrel produced. Unit LOE costs were 4% lower than the $8.13 per barrel we reported in the first quarter of 2007. However, we still anticipate a rise in LOE during the second half of the year. This increase will be driven by scheduled maintenance in our international and Canadian operating regions along with higher unit costs incurred while our new development projects ramp up production. We now expect our full year lease operating expense to be in the range of $8.00 and $8.30 per equivalent barrel. Our second quarter DD&A expense for Oil and Gas properties came in within our guidance range at $11.48 per barrel. Looking forward we expect our third and fourth quarter DD&A rates to rise to between $11.50 and $12.25 per equivalent barrel. Based on this we are now forecasting our full year 2007 DD&A rate to come in between $11.40 and $11.80 per equivalent barrel. Moving onto G&A expense, G&A expense for the second quarter was $113 million right in line with our guidance and $6 million less spend than the previous quarter of this year. At this time we are not making any changes to our full year G&A guidance range of $460 - $480 million. Second quarter interest expense came in at $107 million right in line with our expectations. Of total interest expense for the quarter $20 million was related to commercial paper balances, which we expect to pay down following the close of the African divestitures. As Larry mentioned earlier we expect to close the sale of Egypt during the third quarter and we’re expecting to close on the West African sale near year- end. Based on these expectations and the related timing of commercial paper balances we now expect full year 2007 interest expense to be in the range of $430-$440 million. The final expense item that I want to touch on is income taxes. Income tax expense for the second quarter came in at 29% of pretax income. When you back out the impact of items that are generally excluded from analyst’s estimates, you get an adjusted current tax rate of 15% and a differed tax rate of 16% for a total income tax rate of 31%. We remain comfortable with our full year guidance ranges for income taxes. In today’s earnings release we provided a table that reconciles the tax effects of items that are usually excluded from analysts estimates. Moving to the bottom line reported earnings from continued operations were an impressive $824 million or $1.82 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2007. That’s a 43% increase in earnings from continuing operations over the first quarter of this year. Earnings from discontinued operations came in at $80 million or $0.18 per diluted share. In aggregate after backing out items that are typically excluded from analysts estimates, our total net earnings for the second quarter were $845 million $1.87 per diluted share. As we said earlier, the results far exceeded our expectations as well as those of the street. Cash flow before balance sheet changes reached a record $1.8 billion up 24% from the last quarter and up 18% from the second quarter of 2006. Year-to-date our operating cash flow before balance sheet changes totaled $3.3 billion comfortably funding $3 billion of capital investments and leaving us with nearly $300 million of free cash flow. In addition to our strong cash flow in the month of June, a healthy cash balance of $1.4 billion while our net debt to capitalization ration reached a 12 month low of 20%. Looking to the remainder of 2007 we expect cash flow from operations to generally cover our total capital demands. That will leave us with the after tax proceeds from the African divestitures available to reduce debt and resume repurchasing shares. To summarize, DVN’s second quarter performance was a strong one in almost every way.   With that I am going to turn the call back over to Vince to open it up for Q and A.
Vince White: Thanks John and operator we are ready for the first question.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Tom Gardner, Simmons & Company.
Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company : Good Morning guys, could you comment on the potential for an additional offset wells to the two wells you have at Merganser and any additional comments you care to make on opportunities for additional gas development around the independent’s hub?
Stephen Hadden: Yeah Tom this is Steve. Right now we don’t have any near term plans for future development around Merganser, which is essentially two wells 50% working interest and that will come out about 50 million cubic feet a day. We continue to work a prospect inventory in the eastern Gulf and as they come up and rank competitively where we can move them forward to drill we will do that, but right now we don’t have any specific plans to drill additional prospects in that area.
 Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company : Thanks for that. And regarding Palvo, how rapidly do you see production ramping up to your 26,000 barrels a day net and can you give us an idea of the crude quality and likely price realizations from that oil?
Stephen Hadden: Yeah, this is Steve again. Relative to the Palvo development we started our production already. We’ve got two wells drilled. We’ll drill a total of ten and that includes a couple of injection wells. I anticipate that we would be ramped up to that 26,000 barrels a day net probably sometime around the middle of 2008.
 Tom Gardner - Simmons & Company : Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Dell, Bernstein and Co.
 Ben Dell - Bernstein and Co.: Hi Guys. I have one macro question and one specific one. Firstly the specific one on Cascade: You talked about, if I heard you right, sanction to end at 2007, previously you talked about production in 2009. Would that still be the case?
Stephen Hadden: Yeah, our current target is still around the end of 2009 for first production, sanction decision would probably happen sometime this year.
 Ben Dell - Bernstein and Co.: Ok, and I know it’s a long way off on Jack, but Chevron has sort of made comment that they didn’t expect Jack to start off for (inaudible-Gorgon?) which puts it in the sort of 2014 plus range, is that sort of where you are looking, or the early part of next decade?
Stephen Hadden: Well we’re working together with the partnership and I think our plans for the MMS say somewhere in that range of 2014, but it’s still very early as it relates to putting together the final production configuration and what the commercial sanctioning project or commercially sanctioned project would be going forward. So to speculate any more than that on timing would be a little bit premature from our perspective.
 Ben Dell - Bernstein and Co.: Ok, and lastly on the Macro side, you along with a number of other gas buyers have recorded pretty good volume growth, both year on year, a lot of it coming from the on shore which still appears to be out 5% despite the rate count flattening up. Do you think this is a trend you expect to see continuing on the Macro? And if so do you believe that its’ got any implications of future gas prices?
Stephen Hadden: Well a couple observations Ben, we are going to see a lot of incremental gas demand coming out of the Canadian oil sans over the next couple of years. Certainly production growth does have implications on shore as well as bringing on the independent’s hub will be a significant increase and Golf production, but we remain long-term pretty bullish on the North American natural gas market.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah Ben, I might add while DVN and a few other independents are achieving production growth, the majors have not chosen to put a lot of their capitol into U.S. onshore gas production and their production has generally been declining for many years. That could of course change, but while some independents have been achieving growth and DVN is pleased to be at the top of that list or at the top, don’t know exactly but compared to all that certainly a contender for that. Overall there's a lot of production in the   decline and the U.S. and Canada, with imports from Canada declining, so there are a lot of moving pieces there.
 Ben Dell - Bernstein and Co.: Ok, great. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Herrlin, Merrill Lynch. Mr. Herrlin, your line is open. (Operator Instructions)
John Herrlin – Merrill Lynch: Oh, Sorry about that. Good quarter. I don't normally say that.
Stephen Hadden: Well, we appreciate it, John.
 John Herrlin – Merrill Lynch : Sure. Regarding your free cash, why not roll the commercial paper and shrink the denominator?   You know, buying stock.
Stephen Hadden: At the moment, since we have a registration statement on file, for our MLP, the company and all the officers are precluded from doing anything in the marketplace, so from a legal standpoint that is not an option to us at the time. Once that registration statement is filed, in approximately a month or so, then the use of free cash is something we can consider.
 John Herrlin – Merrill Lynch : Ok, that's fine. Would Steve – [would Chuck even mention] kind of a target size, or I missed it?
Stephen Hadden: I didn't mention it, but I will tell you, we generally say the slower tertiary prospects are in the 3-500 million barrel range or bigger and this is in that range.
 John Herrlin – Merrill Lynch : Ok, Last one for me is on [Fratt] costs and the [front ad] you had good efficiencies with fit for purpose equipment. Are you seeing any drop in your [Fratt] costs at all?
Stephen Hadden: No, we've seen some deceleration of the cost escalations if that makes sense, and we're just going through, we're getting into the period of time now to where we'll start looking at our contracts for 2008 and looking at pricing there, so we're just getting into that window where we're going to get a good look at the go-forward pricing here, but we have seen some flattening in the escalation rates.
 John Herrlin – Merrill Lynch : Do you plan to lock in any equipment longer term, like rigs?
Stephen Hadden: We, as a matter of fact, we have kind of a blended portfolio, when you look at those 30 rigs, we have some of those rigs under a long term contract, some on much shorter terms, and we kind of just manage our risk that way, so some of those rigs are longer term contracts, some aren't. Some are shorter term.
 John Herrlin – Merrill Lynch : Ok, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman, the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company: Hi Guys. Good morning. I have a couple of things. Steve, I wonder if you could just put a little more color on the scale back at [gross Beckett]. Is that a low cost issue that you're responding to?
Unidentified Company Representative: No actually, when we looked at it, Mark, when we drill these wells, we're getting relatively good reservoir performance, and we go through and drill these long reach horizontal wells and do multiple stages along a horizontal section that are along these spacing units, sometimes 40-acre spacing units. Every time we do a stage, or generally on average, we're seeing the reservoir performance from each stage that we have. We're simply working through some execution issues as it relates to the type of drilling we want to do, the type of mechanical completion we want to do, in other words, the type of jewelry we want to put in the hole, and then the interplay with that, with the completion to try and optimize all that before we go into full blown development. We're simply not comfortable yet to really start ramping up our drilling activity until we're comfortable that we can deliver very good, solid consistent results.
 Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company : Steve, what have the drilling costs been, per well?
Stephen Hadden: Oh, they can range from about 6.5 million, to as much as $11 million depending on where we're drilling, how deep it is, and how far we try and reach out with that horizontal section.
 Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company : That's drill completed?
Stephen Hadden: Yes.
 Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company : Ok. In the Lloyd Minister area. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about whether or not the production increases are associated with new areas, whether it's in-fill, and whether you’ve got a number of locations identified?
Stephen Hadden: You know, it's a combination of those things. We continue to grow the Lloyd area, and the Lloyd Minister area. We did acquire   the Iron River properties back in, I believe it was back in 2004, or 2005, and that had a lot of running room on it. That's adjacent to our Mannetoken field that we've had and developed for quite some time, and it was relatively undeveloped, so we're getting pretty good kick from the Iron River side, as well as other drilling in the Lloyd Minister area.
 Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company : Ok. And just one final one from me. I assume that with the incorporation of Cortazian to the [casketing] unit that your interest in the unit, given that the percent in Cortez will still be 20%.
Stephen Hadden: Okay.
 Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company : Thanks a lot.
Stephen Hadden: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from (ph.) Raheen Fabji, UBS.
Raheen Fabji – UBS: Good morning. This is a question on the convertible bond or exchangeable bond that you guys have upstanding on the balance sheet, convertible at Chevron stock, I guess. I’ve been told that some of the holders might be converting it before the Chevron dividend in August or later this month. Just wondering, what are the tax implications for that on your bottom line?
Stephen Hadden: It must be a good question—we’re all looking at each other. It’s certainly their option to exchange at any time. As far as the tax implications—
John Richels: One thing you have to recall is that we have the option of paying back either in stock or in equivalent amount of cash. And if we pay an equivalent amount of cash for anything redeemed, there’s no tax consequence. It only becomes a tax consequence for us at the time that we liquidate the underlying stock.
 Raheen Fabji – UBS: Right.
John Richels: --because of the cost basis in that. We have a lot of flexibility there and particularly with our pre-cash position, today, we have a lot of flexibility determining how we might do that.
 Raheen Fabji – UBS: Okay. Has there been any thought or discussion on restructuring the convertible, or exchanging it to defer the tax implications?
John Richels: There are a lot different opportunities available, and we have a lot of flexibility in terms of what we might do with is, something that we’ve looked at continually over the past few years, and we will continue to as we get closer to the maturity date which I think is August 2008. We’re continuing to look at that.
 Raheen Fabji – UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Deacon, BMO Capital.
Ray Deacon – BMO Capital: Hey, John, I guess I had a question on jackfish and what the thought process is as far as second phase there, and maybe if you can speak to what the cost increases have been since you took on this first project, and/or if there’s any technologies that could help you mitigate some of those cost increases. And then maybe a quick comment on the foreign end—it sounded as though you were saying your well cost looks to be flat over year over year, so I guess is the implication that besides the drilling costs, completion costs have been trending up. Is that a fair way to look at it?
John Richels: Well, let me take a crack at the first one, and then I’ll turn the Barnett question over to Steve, Ray. On Jackfish Two, we’re still—as Steve indicated—we’re still doing a lot of work right now on budgeting. There’s no doubt that Jackfish Two is going to be come in a little higher than Jackfish One, just because of the cost pressures that we’re all aware of in the oil patch and in particular in and around the fort McMurray area. However, we did some things when we built Jackfish One, that anticipated that we might upsize to a second project, and as you know, we also built the access pipeline and some blending and other facilities that Jackfish Two will get the benefit of because we really absorbed that capital costs and in the first phase. So we’re not quite sure yet exactly what the budget for Jackfish Two will look like, still working on that. We are really encouraged though, by what we’ve seen on the technical side. Jackfish two looks to be, from a reservoir point of view and from a quality point of view, every bit as good as Jackfish One which we believe is a top docile lease in the province. So we’re pretty positive about it and we’ll likely make a sanctioned decision on that sometime in and around the time that we expect to get regulatory approval, which should be about mid-2008.
 Ray Deacon – BMO Capital: Got it.
Stephen Hadden: And because that is a year off, you know, the questions are not what the costs are now, but what they’ll be then, as you’ve seen from some of our other reports today, and things like the Barnett where we actually brought some costs down and held others flat. Ultimately the cost in Canada got to come down because of the pullback that Devon and other companies have done in the conventional drilling. So the cost a year from now may be up, they may be down. So we’ll see.
John Richels: And what allows us to do too, Ray, is—you had asked if there were going to be different technology—we’re really looking at this as a look-alike to Jackfish One, taking advantage of the knowledge that we got from that rolling over some of the crude’s and the time period allows to do a lot of engineering, so we thought to go into it with a great deal of certainty. Let me turn that over to Steve now on your Barnett Shale question.
Stephen Hadden: In regards to the Barnett, I think you had it spot on. Essentially, we saw that $190 thousand per well improvement on the drilling sides as for drilling only. When you look at the other costs for a total completed well, that improvement essentially offset those cost escalations year-over-year, so you end up with a flat well cost ’06-’07.
 Ray Deacon – BMO Capital: Got it thanks.
 John Richels : Which is a great result for such a major part of our capital expenditures.
 Ray Deacon – BMO Capital: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rehan Rashid of Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: Morning. Sticking with Barnett for a second, how should we think about future reserve growth? I know you guys talked about 3 TCF approved, 13 and change, [3P] potential, what could be some of the technology drivers or results, and just some sort of a timeline if you could, please?
Stephen Hadden: Rehan, you mentioned the 13.5 TCF total resource potential that we’ve out before, and that’s on a risk basis. We’re very comfortable around that number right now as far as the total resource potential. Obviously, stepping up from 385 wells this year to 500 wells is going to have a positive impact on both our recovery and, ultimately, on our reserves. And we think we will continue to realize good, strong reserve additions from the Barnett for the foreseeable future, as we go through. So it’s just a continuous process of driving towards getting that ultimate recovery to 13.5 TCF or better. Some of things we’re doing are continuing to down space. We talked about the 20-acre in-fill program that we’ve done both in the core area and expanded a bit to the non-core. We have another 400 locations or so, plus or minus, that we’ve identified as far as 20-acre in-fill opportunities. There could be more, but right now we’re looking at about something in the range of 400. We also have opportunities with our refract programs. We do refracts when the well performance dictates that it’s time to do that. We’ve only done maybe about 40 or so this year, but we’re continuing to get very good results that give us additional recoveries as high as 0.7 BCF per frac, and so that’s another tool, or technology, that we’re using to continue to claw away at that total resource potential.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: What recovery factor did you assume when you talked about the 13.5 TCF risk potential there?
Stephen Hadden: If you look at the 13.5 TCF, and you look at it, it’s a risk number. And if you look at the acreage under Devon’s control, and you look at our estimate of gas-in-place in that acreage under Devon control, it’s about 11-13% of the gas-in-place.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: Okay, and then do we need, once again, maybe [simul] fracs or trifacs to work for us to progress down this recovery factor path, or simply down spacing and marginal stuff like that would work?
Stephen Hadden: We think the majority of it’s going to be with existing technology and continued improvements in our exploitation work as we move out into the non-core, and then look at the down spacing areas. There could be some additional potential with even smaller down spacing, or other technologies, but that’s not fully baked in or reflected in the 13.5 TCF.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: Okay, perfect. One more question, but on the deep water site, so it’s Cortez and it’s Chuck, what else from the deep water sub-salt for this year in terms of exploration?
Stephen Hadden: I think we mentioned the Green Bay prospect that we just picked up 23% interest in. That should spud some time probably in the first quarter of this year. So that will probably be the last sub-salt exploration well that we’ll be drilling this year.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: Got it. And how will that program look like next year?
Stephen Hadden: We haven’t finalized that program yet. As I mentioned before, we have appraisal work going on. The exploration work, we’re still working on finalizing that. We’re just going in. As we come out of August and go into September we’ll go through our budgeting process and really firm up those plans going forward.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: I guess a better way to phrase it would be, will it be dependant upon results from Chuck or Cortez, or not?
Stephen Hadden: No, I don’t think on the exploration side it’ll be materially affected by those two. Generally, what you’ll see us do is we’ll probably drill a couple of deepwater exploratory wells in the lower tertiary each year, on average, going forward. And we may pick up a few deepwater Miocene opportunities to compliment that as we go forward. But generally, you’ll see us in the one to three range as it relates to our opportunities on average over about a four-five year period.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: One last question, on the deepwater side we’ve seen quite a bit of activity in the Walker Ridge side. Any particular thoughts why so much on the Walker Ridge and not maybe as much, although you’ve seen some good success, in the Keathley canyon or some other place?
Stephen Hadden: I’m sorry, could you repeat that Rehan? I didn’t hear it all.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: So the bulk of the activity on the sub salt side seems like an industry that’s focused on Walker Ridge. Any technological, geological explanation for that versus not being focused somewhere else within the deeper waters?
Stephen J. Hadden: We just continue to work the portfolio and identify the best opportunities for us to drill going forward and we stay pretty tight lipped about everything else.
 Rehan Rashid – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co.: Ok thank you.
Operator: Our final question is coming from David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy Partners.
David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: Good morning. I have a question on the Woodford, the net acreage for the 1 TCF potential.
Stephen Hadden: The net acreage is about 70,000 acres
 David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: Ok, and have you the Woodford and the Ardmore Basin at all?
Stephen Hadden: We’re currently looking at a couple of different areas and we haven’t announced any tests in the Ardmore Basin.
 David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: Ok, and then thinking about the corporate target of 350-370 million barrels of oil at (inaudible) and reserve as this year (inaudible) goal and then adding 115 wells to the Barnett seems like you could have some upside to that target. Is that a reasonable thought process?
Stephen Hadden: You know there are always pluses and minuses, that’s why we give a range and we aren’t updating our reserve target range for this year. If there were some risk barrels in that range for lower turf sharing which we now think we will not book this year and so I just don’t think we’re prepared to move the range.
 David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: Ok, that’s cool, so still on target though for the original range, no concerns..
Stephen Hadden: Absolutely, we’re comfortable in that range.
 David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: I’m not trying to get too much into the weeds but now you’re drilling some offset wells to Questar in the Vermillion Basin. Any idea of how we should think about that from a Devon standpoint of how meaningful that could be?
Stephen Hadden: It’s just too early to tell at this point.
 David Heikkinen - Pickering Energy Partners: That’s perfect, thanks a lot guys
Stephen Hadden: Ok, we’re at the top of the hour so Larry do you have any closing remarks for the call?
Larry Nichols: Well yeah I hate to summarize because I’d just like to repeat every sentence we’ve gone over but clearly we had a very strong financial result for this quarter and it was driven by production growth really throughout the Company which is exciting not only of itself but we’re clearly solid in position to reach the upper end as we said of our full year production target of 221 million BOE, through our organic growth at the same time that we’re keeping expenses under control across the board. Outstanding performance at Barnett Shale with 36% over last year as well as all our other projects that will be supplemented in the second half of the year with (ph.) Morganza and Palvo, those longer term projects start to come on-stream. Continue to advance our projects in the high impact portfolio in the oil turf sharing. All in all very pleased with the first half results and look forward to a great second half. For those that we didn’t have time to answer questions we’ll be here this afternoon so thank you and I’ll look forward to talking to you again in November. Take Care.
