===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2025 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Louella, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Welcome to DexCom's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At this time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question each so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter 2025 performance on the Dexcom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make on today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included on this call are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to Dexcom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial measures on this call are presented on a non-GAAP basis. This non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings call for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we reported first quarter organic revenue growth of 14% compared to the first quarter of 2024. This represented our second straight quarter of reaccelerating revenue growth as we benefited from continued strong category demand, recent access wins and focused execution by our team. In our U.S. business, we successfully balanced strong demand while navigating short-term supply dynamics. Our teams worked hard to provide consistent support for our customers, channel partners and physician community. We moved quickly to ensure limited customer disruption and set up clear lines of communication with all involved stakeholders. This included launching a public website that provided status updates and direct customer support for anyone impacted during this transition. Our manufacturing and logistics teams worked around the clock to make sure our product was where it needed to be to meet our customers' needs. We work closely with our distribution partners to clearly align our updated supply time lines with their customer demand, and we would like to acknowledge the great work of these partners in providing excellent care to our users. As you can see, we prioritized customer care throughout this period, and I hope this commitment continues to be noticed. We experienced an acceleration in demand from new customers, which again came in at record levels during Q1. We are clearly seeing the benefit of expanding our commercial reach last year. After significantly expanding our prescriber base in 2024, we are going deeper across these practices as physicians expand their Dexcom CGM prescribing patterns. Importantly, we made these commercial investments knowing that new Dexcom technology and broader access were just around the corner. Since that time, we introduced Stelo as the first over-the-counter CGM, launched several new software and connectivity updates to enhance the customer experience and secured much broader coverage within the type 2 market. We started the year by announcing that we had secured access at 2 of the 3 largest PBMs for anyone with diabetes regardless of whether they use insulin. While it is still early, we've been very encouraged to see physicians quickly adjust their prescribing patterns to match this new coverage. In fact, during the first quarter, we already saw a notable uptick in new customer starts coming from the type 2 non-insulin population compared to any time in our company's history. We'll now look to build on this momentum through targeted awareness campaigns and by advocating for even broader type 2 coverage over time. Along those lines, I'm excited to share that as of this summer, the third major PBM will also begin covering Dexcom G7 for anyone with diabetes in some of their key formularies. Having the 3 largest PBMs now covering Dexcom for all people with diabetes represents a true step change in the coverage landscape. It also indicates that a clear consensus is forming on both the health and economic benefits of incorporating CGM earlier in diabetes care plans. Between these 3 large PBMs and additional coverage we expect to finalize in the coming months, Dexcom will have coverage for nearly 6 million people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin by the end of the year. While this still represents only a portion of this 25 million person population in the U.S., we often see smaller and customized plans quickly follow suit of the larger PBM formularies. We'll also continue to strengthen our case with payers with additional data readouts in the coming quarters. This includes our recently announced randomized controlled trial for people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin. Similar to our MOBILE and DIaMonD studies for the insulin using population, we believe this data set can become the centerpiece of our broader type 2 non-insulin evidence road map. This level of evidence has historically been a key factor in driving definitive changes to standards of care and unlocking even broader access globally. As we continue to advocate for broader type 2 coverage, we have already greatly simplified access to Dexcom technology through the launch of our over-the-counter biosensor Stelo. Stelo continues to attract a wide range of new customers across the type 2 diabetes, prediabetes and health and wellness landscapes. We have also seen growing use of Stelo among the physician community who can now tailor their Dexcom care plans based on each customer's coverage and metabolic health. While we are still early in this launch, our team has moved quickly to enhance the Stelo experience with new software updates and broader distribution. During the first quarter, this included launching a 180-day data look-back feature, which was in direct response to early customer feedback. This is a great example of our ability to quickly iterate the Stelo app to provide new customer insights and deliver a more personalized experience. Stelo also officially went live on the Amazon storefront during the quarter, which provides our customers another easy access point on one of the highest volume e-commerce sites in the world, and we expect even more distribution partners to broaden our commercial access in the future. These updates are already resonating with our customers. Over the course of the first quarter, we saw even greater Stelo customer experience metrics in response to these updates, and we believe that we're just getting started with what we can do to lead our customers to greater metabolic health. Our first quarter results show that our commercial teams are performing very well, and we are excited to build from this position of strength by announcing the addition of Jon Coleman as our new Chief Commercial Officer. Jon brings over 30 years of global commercial leadership experience to our organization across multiple health care segments and channels. Over this time, he has established a proven track record of execution, making Jon a great fit for Dexcom at this important point in our company's history. We're excited to have him lead our commercial organization. I would also like to address the warning letter that our company received from the FDA in March. This letter was related to observations made by the agency following the inspections of our San Diego and Mesa facilities during 2024. We take any FDA recommendations very seriously. So our team immediately began instituting corrective actions to address these observations. While we were disappointed to receive a warning letter, I'm incredibly proud of how our teams have rallied together with a thorough review and response, and we look forward to working together with the FDA to further strengthen our systems and processes. As one example of our ongoing collaboration with the agency, we were excited to recently announce FDA clearance for our 15 Day Dexcom G7 System. This marks another innovation milestone for our company as our 15 Day product advances both wear time and accuracy levels for G7 with performance data demonstrating an MARD of 8.0%, this sets a new bar in the industry in terms of sensor accuracy. We are incredibly excited to bring this product to market. As previously mentioned, we plan to launch our 15 Day G7 System in the second half of the year, and our team is working quickly to prepare for this rollout. This includes working with payers to establish coverage in advance of launch and collaborating with our pump partners to ensure a seamless transition for G7 compatible automated insulin delivery systems. With that, I'll turn it over to Jereme.
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial measures presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as the slide deck on our IR website. For the first quarter of 2025, we reported worldwide revenue of $1.036 billion compared to $921 million for the first quarter of 2024, representing growth of 12% on a reported basis and 14% growth on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes the impact of foreign exchange in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $751 million for the first quarter compared to $653 million in the first quarter of 2024, representing an increase of 15%. As Kevin mentioned, our team did a great job navigating short-term supply dynamics while supporting both new and existing customer demand. We experienced another quarter of strong new customer demand in the U.S. with a particularly notable uptick coming from the type 2 non-insulin using population. By having the broader sales force in place, we were able to quickly take advantage of the coverage expansion that occurred in January to drive a nice acceleration in new patient performance, and we look forward to building on this momentum with our additional coverage kicking in over the course of the year. Additionally, as we previously indicated, we saw the combined impact of channel mix and rebate eligibility moderate during the first quarter. This helped narrow the gap between U.S. volume and revenue growth compared to the prior 2 quarters. International revenue grew 7%, totaling $286 million in the first quarter. International organic revenue growth was 12% for the first quarter. Our international business demonstrated pockets of strength, particularly in areas we have highlighted recent coverage expansions in the type 2 landscape. Examples of this will be continued growth of our business in Japan as well as our growth of Dexcom ONE platform in France. We continue to like our overall strategic position as regional access continues to grow. We see several opportunities for expansions of type 2 coverage upcoming in 2025 and are building good momentum in the core international markets to eventually match the level of coverage that we have achieved in the U.S. Our first quarter gross profit was $596.2 million or 57.5% of revenue compared to 61.8% of revenue in the first quarter of 2024. As we said on the fourth quarter call, we expected Q1 gross margin to be below our full year levels because of historic seasonality as well as having to navigate some of the near-term supply dynamics that were caused by a shipment of sensors that was damaged in the fourth quarter. We are proud of how we navigated the first quarter to prioritize the care of our customers. But as Kevin alluded to earlier, we did have to incur some incremental costs to do so. As an example, we have expedited our lead times by chartering direct flights to fulfill distribution centers, which comes at a higher cost than our traditional freight processes. We exit the first quarter in a much better position with our channel inventory levels. However, there is still work ongoing to get our internal inventory back to normal levels. As a result, we expect some of these costs to continue until we are back at normal inventory levels, which we have factored into our full year guidance update. Operating expenses were $453.1 million for Q1 of 2025 compared to $428.9 million in Q1 of 2024. Operating income was $143.1 million or 13.8% of revenue in the first quarter of 2025 compared to $140.2 million or 15.2% of revenue in the same quarter of 2024. Adjusted EBITDA was $230.4 million or 22.2% of revenue for the first quarter compared to $220.9 million or 24% of revenue for the first quarter of 2024. Net income for the first quarter was $127.7 million or $0.32 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents. This cash position, along with our strong free cash flow profile provides a lot of ongoing flexibility in our capital allocation decisions. Along those lines, we are excited to announce a $750 million share repurchase program today. Given our strong revenue and cash flow growth outlook, we see this as an opportunity to enhance our capital structure while still giving ourselves plenty of cash available to address our 2025 convertible notes and any other strategic uses of capital. Turning to guidance. We are reaffirming our prior revenue guidance of $4.6 billion, representing growth of 14% for the year. For margins, we are reducing our full year non-GAAP gross profit margin guidance to approximately 62%, while reaffirming our full year non-GAAP operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin guidance of approximately 21% and 30%, respectively. Our new gross margin guidance reflects the impact of our first quarter results and a few additional factors. So I want to provide additional color here on how we've approached it and the cadence throughout the year. We expect the first quarter result to have an approximately 75 basis point impact on the full year gross margin relative to our prior guidance. As we continue to rebuild our inventory levels while addressing increasing demand, we have factored in an additional 100 basis point impact to our global freight costs to support expedited shipping. We expect that this impact will lessen as we move throughout the year. We have also built into this gross margin guidance a 50 basis point impact of inflationary pressures from tariffs in the supply chain. While we do not necessarily expect a large direct tariff impact given our diverse manufacturing footprint and the health conditions that we address, we nevertheless want to be prudent given the fluctuations in the global trade landscape and the indirect impact tariffs have on supply costs. Finally, we anticipate an approximately 25 basis point impact to our global manufacturing costs based on fluctuations in the U.S. dollar. Despite the pressure on gross margin, we are in the position to offset that pressure and reiterate our operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin guidance. Our teams are doing a good job prioritizing investments in the right areas while setting up our functions to scale efficiently. With that, we can open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Jereme. In addition to Kevin and Jereme, we will also have Jake Leach, our Chief Operating Officer, joining us for our question-and-answer session. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Matt Taylor from Jefferies is on the line with a question.
Matt Taylor: Congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to touch on the U.S. growth improvement here. And see if you could talk a little bit about 2 things. One, did supply have any impact on the revenue growth? Could you characterize that? And then you keep talking about the gap closing between dollars and volumes. I was wondering if you could comment on what you think market volume growth is or your volume growth is so we can understand what the revenue growth could be through the year and how quickly that gap closes would be helpful.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Matt, thanks for the question. This is Jereme. Certainly happy to answer it. In terms of supply dynamics, I think we exited the quarter with normal supply levels in the channel. And so we had to work pretty hard over the course of the quarter to make sure we got there. I think everybody knew and we signaled it in the February call that we were going to navigate through that. So kudos to the team for all the work that they did to get there, prioritizing customers first. So what you see in the revenue figures is, I would say, a normalized inventory level and therefore, really a normalized pattern. In terms of the impact then on new patients, look, it was a record new patient quarter. So I think we were really happy to see that at the end of the day. So we still had very, very strong performance during that window and due to all the work that the teams did to navigate through there. In terms of what that then means for volumes, et cetera, while we don't necessarily give volumes by region, what I think we have done in the past is we've given you new patient or total patient details. And we exited last year at about a 25% patient increase, which is a good analog for volume growth. And given the performance we saw over the course of the quarter, record new patients, there's no reason to believe that the volume growth wasn't consistent with that. So that will help for the models. It will also help if you consider Stelo as a component of that as you're thinking about what that impact is. But the big takeaway, and I think you're pointing at it is that price volume delta is coming in as we said it would, and you saw that play out in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] on for Larry. Maybe just on guidance. You delivered 14% organic growth in Q1, but left full year guidance unchanged. So Jereme, I mean, how do you see the rest of the year playing out, particularly in the second half where the comps do get easier? Just trying to understand why growth in the full year would be the same as in Q1. And then maybe just also on the gross margin guidance. I mean, is there anything assumed in that guide from the 15 Day launch?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure I can answer those. In terms of the guidance for the full year, the big takeaway is first quarter is first quarter. There's a full year up in front of us here. And so after a quarter, we felt it appropriate to see how the year unfolds before we start changing anything around guidance. We gave the guidance for the year, we really wanted to give a commitment on the full year. I think the big takeaway is we're off to a good start, a record patient quarter, and you saw the growth. So certainly happy with that. It's not saying anything other than we're happy with the quarter. We're bullish on the business. It's just one quarter. We want to see how the rest of the year unfolds. In terms of the guidance and how we're thinking about 15 Day, there was always a little bit of 15 Day in the guidance, the original guidance we gave, and there's still a little bit of that in the current guidance we gave, and it's commensurate with the launch expectations of the product, which is in the second half of the year. I think when we gave the guidance at the start of the year, we mentioned it was a very small amount where we wouldn't necessarily change our guidance. If the 15 Day time line change, just given as a total of our population of sensors, it's a relatively small amount as we start to ramp it up. That remains true. So nothing really changed there. It is in the guidance, but nothing changed from the last time we provided in terms of our assumptions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Congrats on a nice start to the year here. Wanted to ask on the type 2 patients, particularly non-intensive and basal patients. And you said you had good growth in non-intensive type 2. I imagine basal as well. And just wanted to get a better understanding of sort of the utilization and reorder rates and patient trends you're seeing there. I realize basal is predominantly insured patients and a growing nonintensive, but both for insured and noninsured and some of the things you can -- that you're doing to help keep patients reordering at high rates.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. We have stated for a long time that we see very good retention rates in these populations, particularly given the state of reimbursement. When as we expand coverage for the basal insulin population, also the type 2 population in general, even the nonintense no insulin type 2 patients with reimbursement, we see utilization very good and retention very good as well, a bit lower than our type 1 patients, but not significantly. I mean it's -- and the mix has been very consistent over time. We've also seen with our Stelo users, for example, the type 2 patients who are purchasing Stelo are reordering quite regularly and staying on their subscription patterns and are much more likely to sign up for subscription than they are not to. So across the board, when we have reimbursement and even just those having the experience who are paying cash, we're seeing good retention and good utilization in these populations because the information is incredibly valuable.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, Robbie, I think -- and we announced this at your conference. I think kudos to you for having it there. We updated and published really our rates for the covered population there. You'll see those on our website. That hasn't changed since the last time we spoke. So the utilization has been and continues to be strong in those covered markets, as Kevin alluded to. When you don't have coverage, it's a little bit less. However, we are seeing strong uptake in Stelo, especially in that type 2 user population. So good retention there, just maybe not as much as the covered population.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with UBS.
Danielle Antalffy: Just a quick question on the macroeconomic environment and actually less about tariffs and more about the several proposals for the budget and Medicare and will we or won't we go into a recession? That's a big question. I would love, Kevin, how exposed or unexposed or protected you guys think you are if, in fact, we go into a recession and maybe give some commentary around that COVID sort of the last time, but that was very unique. So just curious what you would say there.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I can start with that, Danielle. This is a question. We've done a full analysis on this in the past just to see what our exposure is to coverage levels, both from coverage, employment and then also individual circumstances. And I would say that by leaning into coverage the way we have and certainly making CGM a core part of someone's care pattern, but also the cost we save the systems and demonstrated time and time again, while everybody is impacted in economic upturns and downturns, I think we would hold out pretty darn well. While we're not in a position to release that analysis, I think as we were going through as a management team and really as a Board, as they looked at it, I think we left feeling we'll be strongly positioned, at least relative to other companies in the space in a downturn. So we're excited. But we're happy about the position we're in the event that, takes place to weather quite well. Kevin, don't know if you have any broader...
Kevin Sayer: No, I'll just reiterate what Jereme said. We're one of the few medical products, prescription drugs or medical devices that provides tremendous information and also saves cost to the system. So we believe we hold up very well. All of our analyses support that, and we believe we can demonstrate that quite well as we did when we got Medicare coverage many years ago as we brought all the Medicaid plans along as we move to basal. We've been able to demonstrate our value time and time again, and we believe we can continue to do so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Congrats on the quarter. Jereme, maybe it's a question for you since it's on gross margin, but wondering if you could help us kind of with the gating. You gave a good amount of information there, I understand. But it seems like to me, as I'm doing kind of back of the envelope, we should still be kind of in that very low 60% range, maybe even upper 50s for the second quarter and then you get to the mid-60s in the back half. Is that still kind of the range that we should be thinking about for the setup throughout the year on growth? And then kind of a corollary to that, it's not where I get my primary research, I promise you, but some of the chat boards and things like that are still showing some kind of scary pictures of maybe some manufacturing issues on sensors, things like that. Where are you at now? You're talking about having to charter some of these flights and all that. But on the manufacturing process itself, you settled and comfortable that things coming off the line are in good shape, and this is really just about getting channel inventory back up to normalized levels or at least your own inventory levels back up to normalized levels now. It's not -- we're not still in the phase of having to fix some sort of manufacturing issues.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Maybe I can start on the kind of the cadence question, and I can turn it over to Jake, who's here. My answer very simply is, Jeff, you're really good at math, and I can't argue with your math. So all done. And so -- and then in terms of the product and in the process. Let me turn it over to Jake in terms of how we're thinking about that.
Jacob Leach: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff. So yes, as we have a pretty robust warranty program around sensors and sensor issues do happen, and we've seen them on the boards, too. We have no -- there's no difference in frequency of those from last year to this year. We've actually made some improvements in quite a few of them. So we're very comfortable with the product that's flowing off the lines. We are working very hard to rebuild our internal inventories. And so our lines as we exited the quarter, we're running at some record output. But that being said, we have significant amount of testing and quality controls. We feel very comfortable about that product. So there's no inherent manufacturing issue to fix. What we're really focused on through all this expediting is just making sure we've got product where it needs to be so that we have continuity of care for both current customers and also being able to supply product to those new customers. That's a lot of what played out in this first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Congratulations on the progress here. Just internationally, you mentioned pockets of strength relative to consensus, international revenue was a bit below where folks were looking for. So is there anything notable to call out? And maybe more specifically, was international impacted more by the supply dynamics?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think the pockets of strength alluded to a little bit in the script, it was really more the France and Japan. Japan obviously coming off of going direct there in France with Dexcom ONE coverage for basal in the region. So those are the pockets of strength. You do see some choppiness, quite frankly, in the international business. You saw a little bit of it last year, Jayson, as coverage wins come in and come out and -- I shouldn't say come out, but come in, and the timing of when they start. There were obviously some coverage wins we expected to take place here in the first quarter. Some of those slide a little bit. Some of them slide forward at times as well. And so what I would say is the underlying volume demand was strong, especially in the markets we're in. Some of the markets where we had some wins were in Dexcom ONE. We mentioned France being one of those Dexcom ONE wins. We do expect wins across the board in the G Series and in Dexcom ONE as we open up new markets over the course of the year. But there will be some choppiness there. Underlying patient demand, underlying unit volume growth, still very, very solid. But we'll have to keep you guys apprised of some of the progress we make on some of the wins to help you guys model it over the course of the year, but still a solid business, still solid underlying growth. We'll still expect it to be a contributor meaningfully over the course of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Travis Steed: Congrats on a good quarter. I wanted to ask about the 50 basis points of inflation that you kind of built in with supply chain, if that's kind of directly related to tariffs. And I'm curious about the use of some exemptions out there like the Nairobi [ph] exemption and if that's applicable to you and kind of what you've assumed around that going forward?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So happy to answer that question. I think, first off, we have a large manufacturing presence in the United States. And I think we're really proud of both our manufacturing in Mesa and all the capabilities we've built here, both in San Diego and Mesa to help. So we make a lot of product in the U.S. And so we have a lesser exposure there to tariffs from that perspective. Our industry does have various -- our industry has historically had exemptions out there. And so we've certainly leaned into those. And so we don't necessarily expect any material impact from direct tariffs. And I think that's -- we're comfortable with that position. We are seeing for raw materials and things that come out of the -- that come into various networks. There are some conversations around pressures there. And certainly, as we look to negotiate prices down in economies of scale, they do come up. And so as we looked out over the course of the year and looked at renewing contracts and looked at those indirect impacts, so not necessarily us importing it, but the raw materials that ultimately make up some of the components. We have estimated there could be an impact of around $20-ish million over the course of the year. It's about 50 bps. That's really what we're alluding to. Our goal is to navigate our way out of there and certainly try to find ways to get around it. Certainly, if there's tariff reform and ultimately, they go away, that will be helpful on the year. But we thought it was the right answer to keep an eye on that. We've seen it come through. That's what we estimate the impact on the year. It would not be on our end product, Travis, that we have not assumed anything from that perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Brien with Piper Sandler.
Matt O'Brien: Maybe just sticking with the 15 Day for a second. I don't know exactly who this question is for, but can you just talk a little bit about the rollout of that product as far as integrating into the pumps, et cetera? And how do we think about not necessarily this year, but in some of the out years, the contribution on gross margins? Can it be a couple of hundred basis points in a year in terms of gross margin benefit? Or will it be more measured than something like that?
Jacob Leach: Matt, this is Jake. Happy to take that question. Yes, we were incredibly excited to receive the approval for 15 Day. And we've got the internal team is very focused on getting this product launched. And so we -- as you mentioned, one of the things we're doing to ready ourselves for launch is working with all of our pump partners to ensure there's compatibility for the extended 15 Day duration with the extra grace period on top of that. So it's really just a process of making sure that all the displays, everything they show in their FAQs, everything is all lined up to be able to support a 15 Day. That is going well. Our goal is to have compatibility at launch. That's always been our goal. So we're working towards that. We're also working on securing coverage for this product now that it's approved to make sure that it's a seamless transition for folks when they want to upgrade to this 15 Day product. It does require a new prescription to get the 15 Day. So that does -- there's a process that folks go through in terms of utilizing their sensors. They have to see their health care provider to get the prescription, but very excited to get it out there. And obviously, it does have an impact on margins and improvement there. I don't think we're going to give much guidance for beyond our -- this year. We're really focused on this year. But I don't know, Jereme, if you have anything to add?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I would just say, while we're not necessarily giving numbers, I think your question is more, does it snap overnight? Or is it more measured? And I think the answer is it's more measured. And the reason is, obviously, as Jake alluded to, new scripts, but we still have folks on G6, right? It just takes time for folks to get to see their physicians to make the change to get comfortable with it. So our goal will be to move people quickly, and we hope to outperform measured. But as you're thinking about it, I would start with measured from a modeling perspective. I think that's the right way to go about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marie Thibault from BTIG.
Marie Thibault: Nice to see a very strong quarter. I wanted to ask here about the OpEx control that's being sort of assumed in the guidance, especially with some of the impacts to gross margin, but you're able to hold the operating and EBITDA guide. Just wanted to understand sort of where some of those puts and takes are and how you're able to accomplish that.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Why don't -- I'll start with that. And I think Jake is kind of leading a lot of these. But -- so I think when we looked at the investments we've made, and certainly, we put a lot of levers into the business over the years, we've looked at the areas where we can continue to invest in things that are really, really important. And we talked about some of the work we're doing around our next-generation sensor and obviously, some investment in Stelo and the various software features. So we're really focused on advancing those and advancing and expanding our commercial organization. But remember, we've made the investment in our commercial organization last year in expanding the sales force. So now we can lever that. We've talked about leaning into AI and levering that and robotics and levering that throughout our business. We've looked at location strategies, and we're leaning into levering that. There's been a lot of things we've done that allow us to have these levers. And so this is a year we can use those levers, but we are still investing in the business. That's the interesting at the end of it. When you look at the total year, if you kind of back into it, you're going to see well over $100 million of investment in OpEx even with that. So it's still a heavy investment into the business, just pulling all those levers that we've put in place. Jake, I don't know, a lot of these are kind of driven by you and your teams.
Jacob Leach: Yes, yes, certainly. I think the main message is we're just becoming more efficient in many of the things that we do. It's been a program that we've been focused on for a number of years. One of the places in particular is our software teams. They're doing incredible work using some of the newer technologies to be able to put out more software with a similar amount of resources. While we're still making investments in R&D and our next-generation technology, we've done a nice job of trying to ensure that we're not -- we're making enough investment there, and we've got that program on track. So I think it's about efficiencies that we've been building over time, and we are able to take advantage of some of those this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: Nice quarter. Let me just pause on the FDA warning letter. It didn't stop you from getting the 15 Day sensor approved. I don't anticipate that it will stop you from getting a hospital label, but is there anything that it does stop you from doing? And how do we think about timing and steps towards resolution?
Jacob Leach: Yes, this is Jake. Great question. So yes, so we are basically working to implement a number of process controls. We already did quite a bit after the FDA came in and audited. So you're absolutely correct. The warning letter doesn't restrict submissions and approvals of new technologies, devices and/or it doesn't restrict distribution at all. Just basically, there's a number of things we have to continue to work with the FDA to ensure we address all their concerns. So it's a big focus for us. And so we've got a number of dedicated resources ensuring that, that is done, but it doesn't restrict us at all. And it's hard to speculate on exactly when we'll close it out, but we are making great progress. We give the FDA regular updates on our progress to what we've committed within our responses. And so it will be a process, but it doesn't restrict us. And the resources that we focused to address the warning letter are not -- we've predicted our innovation pipeline that's been very important for us. We've used resources to work on some of our other projects to really focus on the warning letter response and the implementation of what needs to happen there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Polark with Wolfe Research.
Michael Polark: RFK Jr. recently said in an interview that he thinks glucose monitors are extraordinarily effective and only cost $80 a month. So it's a clear positive read from the Head of HHS, and there's not many things on the right side of his ledger right now. And so my question is, can you remind us on what is the path with Medicare fee-for-service program for broadening the coverage decision to the non-insulin using type 2 population? Does this change in leadership raise the odds in your view? And I know the RCT is critical for this as well. Can you remind us on what's kind of timing of disclosure for the type 2 NIT RCT?
Kevin Sayer: So I'll take a stab at that one. First of all, we're very pleased with the comments of the administration. It hasn't just been RFK Jr. There have been others who made comments about CGM being a great tool for health, and we're thrilled with that because we think it can be, and we are learning more and more every day even from our Stelo users, those without diabetes, what they can learn and what they can do to improve their metabolic health and the type 2 users as well. With respect to type 2 approval and CMS approval, we've talked about working with CMS directly and submitting a request for approval for those not on insulin, and we're waiting to hear from them and continuing to gather evidence that would support that. So through normal channels, there would be a CMS approval based on evidence. That takes time, and we go through that. Now with this administration, who knows what will happen time-wise. We'd be thrilled if we got that approval very quickly. we're working every -- learning everything we can like everybody else. We think we fit the Make America Healthy agenda very nicely with what our products can do, and we'll continue to work and push for that.
Jacob Leach: Yes. I think we love the recognition that CGM is a tool that can help people both manage their condition, but also reduce health care costs. And I think you're seeing that recognition certainly from RFK, from others as well as the third PBM coming on to cover CGM and NIT. I think that it's evidence that the message is getting out there that CGM is the right tool for this. Your question around RCT. So we do anticipate finishing up enrollment in the first half of this year. And so the trial is on track. And we do expect the initial readout from the trial late this year, but probably more likely early next year is when we'll get some of that data. But based on the real-world evidence that we're seeing coming from our users that are using G7 and Stelo, that NIT population, we're seeing great outcomes there. And we do expect at the upcoming ADA meeting to see some more data there around outcomes in NIT. So I think the evidence continues to build. And so we're excited -- we'll be excited to give you guys that readout when the time comes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Margaret Andrew with William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor: I wanted to follow up on the commentary you guys talked about on non-insulin using type 2s. You're saying I think new customer starts that are higher than ever before. I guess, can you give us a sense of scale here? Is it doubling, for example? Or can you at least call it material to overall new patient adds in the period? And it doesn't sound like you're assuming this accelerated pace continues in guidance given that you're reiterating sales. So I guess, one, is that right? And two, why not? Are there offsetting factors to that? Or you just want to get ahead of yourselves?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I can certainly take that one. And what I would say is historically, and you know us well, coverage was always a big approach about how we went about getting folks access to the product. And this quarter, we launched, obviously, with both -- 2 of the 3 PBMs with coverage, and I think that really helped. And so when you think about new patient adds, they are starting to become a material portion of those new patient adds. And I think that's what we would expect over time as more and more coverage opens up, knowing full well that this population is a much larger population than any of the coverages that have opened up in the past. So I would expect to continue to see more of that. And as we get the third PBM, as we mentioned, with that coverage coming on in the back half of the year, I would expect that as well. So those are all certainly good signals and all contributed to a record new patient quarter. To your question then on we're assuming that things go backward. That's not necessarily the case. I think the answer is it's 1 quarter, and we have -- we've guided for a full year. I think the answer is let's see how things play out over the course of this quarter. And certainly, that will help us give a little bit more color. It doesn't change our bullishness on the business. It doesn't change our expectations that we have a very solid year this year. But I think it's too early in the year to start revising upward guidance. We want to make sure we deliver against our promises, and that's what we're looking to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Kratky with Leerink Partners.
Mike Kratky: Maybe just a quick follow-up to that last one. But alongside the acceleration that you're seeing in that type 2 non-insulin patient population, are you seeing anything on the type 1 side of the world, whether it's market growth and penetration or just your overall market share that might be a little bit different than your expectations coming into the year?
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that. Our market share expectations are exactly where they thought they would be. We do incredibly well in the type 1 market, and we continue to do so. We also continue to add type 1 patients internationally and in the U.S. every quarter, and we saw nice growth in our type 1 business this quarter, right along the lines of what we anticipated. So we're doing very well in new patients in type 1. And as always, our retention utilization in that population is outstanding. It is an absolutely essential tool for managing type 1 diabetes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Blackman from Stifel.
Colin Clark: This is Colin on for Matt. I want to take a moment to ask about the sales force and in particular, what you're seeing on the ground with basal adoption now and in the DME channel. Any specific commentary on that opportunity and how penetration is ramping since we got a last update? And also how your share position is trending would be really helpful.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. This is Jereme. I think the sales force continues to ramp up and do well. We kind of look back on record new patients, and that's, again, in the first quarter, which typically isn't always our strongest quarter from a new patient perspective. So it's great to see that in Q1. And by the way, that's not a record Q1. That's a record for any quarter. And so that's lovely to see. In terms of how we do that, well, you do that by penetrating type 2 non-insulin users. That's certainly the case. You do it by penetrating basal deeper and deeper. And you do it by continuing to win where we've historically won in the intensive insulin space. And you've really seen that across the board. And so it was -- again, it was a really, really good quarter from us from that perspective. In terms of then channel, you looked at where we're playing and then how the channels work, I think we had a -- we talked about where we sat in the DME channel. And first off, I think we'd want to say thank you to all the DME partners who've done a wonderful job working with us through the course of the quarter. They went through the supply journey with us and worked well with us, and we believe we work well with them. We've talked about our share stabilizing in the fourth quarter, and our expectation is having stable share as we move through the course of 2025, and that's exactly where we are. We've stabilized that share. We think we're in a good, stable position with our DME partners. I appreciate their partnership through it. And we'll work through the rest of the year to see if we can even do better than that. But that's where we sit today. So it's good progress. Our sales force continues to ramp and continues to do better every quarter, and it's exciting to see.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby with Redburn Atlantic.
Issie Kirby: I just wanted to follow up on the non-insulin using type 2s again and the extent to which you're seeing potentially any of these patients coming from competitive switching versus if they are new to the sensor? And then just on Stelo, sorry if I missed this, are you giving Stelo revenue again this quarter? And then just on Stelo, how are you sort of capturing potentially now that reimbursement is improved for G series, how are you capturing or encouraging people to upgrade from Stelo to the G7.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll start with that one. With respect to our type 2 non-intensive or non-insulin patients, most of those are new patients and new to DexCom CGM, particularly as we've expanded coverage, and we do have the best coverage amongst the PBMs of any of our competitors out there. We're doing very well, getting new adds on those non-insulin users. With respect to Stelo revenues, Jereme, I'll let you go ahead and talk about that guide.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. And Issie, thanks for staying late with us. Yes. So I think Stelo, the answer is we talked about it being 2% to 3% of growth on the full year, and we are right in line with that. So we're continuing to do well. While we haven't necessarily broken out revenue by quarter, we will give you the growth contributions over the year, and we're tracking right to that 2% to 3%, so right in line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Plovanic with Canaccord.
Bill Plovanic: Just on the 15 Day, as you walk through the contracting for this, you're reimbursed on a per diem. Some of the knock has been you're a little more expensive than some of your competitors when it comes to the payers. Is that something that will be adjusted in this 15 Day as you're working through those contracts? And if so, so does the price per day come down a little as you kind of do this? How should we think about that?
Jacob Leach: So as you mentioned, Bill, CGM is reimbursed as a unit, so per day or per quarter per month. So basically, we do anticipate that, that reimbursement will remain the same as we launch 15 Day. So same revenue for a period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Nephron.
Chris Pasquale: Congrats on the quarter. Two quick follow-ups. Just I know you don't want to give a Stelo revenue number, but I would love it if you could give us an update on where the installed base stands today relative to the more than 140,000 users you had in mid-January. And then, Jereme, could you just go back to the 100 basis point impact you're assuming from increased freight and other things. If channel inventory is already back to normal levels, why that magnitude of impact still in front of you relative to the 75 basis points you took in 1Q?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, happy to cover that. In terms of Stelo users, I can say there is some information out there that is public, and I think I can point to it, it's well over 200,000 downloads at this point. So we're continuing to make good progress over and adding more and more net new patients every quarter. So I think that should give you some context. It continues to do well. We continue to see more and more folks download it, use it. And we'll be able to give you more and more retention utilization as we get under our belt. We know there's going to be more intermittent usage. But the good news is because they're all on the app, we'll keep tracking those. So there'll be a point in time where I think we can maybe ground folks again on users, but well over 200,000 downloads, which means well over 2,000 people, 200,000 times someone's connected Stelo. So certainly great progress there. In terms of why the freight, and I'm happy to answer that one. So the answer is, as we exited the second -- the first quarter getting supply levels down to normal, but we had almost no inventory on the shelves at that point. And so as we go through and want to make sure we have enough inventory on the shelves to help impact supply in the channel, we have to do that. That's obviously a challenge when every week, every month, you're looking through and trying to navigate through really, really low inventory levels as orders come in. So our goal is to have really as a corporation 90 days of finished goods, but at least 60 days of finished goods on the shelf. That allows us to navigate through the channel. And so we're going to keep expediting freight until we get to that level. I think it's really important because that allows us to make sure that as you have pharmacies, et cetera, maybe running out of supply, we have enough in there to help navigate that channel. So you're going to see us continue to do that over the second quarter as we ultimately navigate it through and to a similar clip that you saw really in the first quarter. As we start to put more and more inventory on the shelves, that helps us slow it down. We can't stop, but it helps slow us down. So we talked about in our commentary out of the gate, it will moderate over the course of the year. So you'll still see it play through the second quarter. Likely into the third quarter, hopefully not, but we're going to have to work real hard to do that. That's why we've included in the guide, though. Those are expensive freight, those ships. I mean, normally, what you would do is you might put it on ocean freight or you might put it on general commercial carriers. We're actually chartering flights specifically. So it's an expensive form of freight, and that's why it impacts us the way it does on the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer & Co.
Steve Lichtman: With more pieces in place on the non-insulin front, you mentioned, Kevin, driving awareness. Can you talk about what the forms of that -- what that might look like? Is it solely direct-to-patient work? Is it educating PCPs with the expanded sales force? Any color there would be great.
Kevin Sayer: It's across the board for us. Certainly, we'll have more direct-to-consumer advertising and more focused on that type 2 population and those non-insulin using patients to show what they can do with that. But there's a great educational effort that really has to go on in the physician's office as well. We need to make sure that they know that these patients can get a prescription for a Dexcom. I mean if you go back a few years, if they wrote a prescription for a Dexcom for a non-insulin user and send them to the drugstore, they were told they could have it for list price. Now they can go to the drug store with many of these plans, there's 0 co-pay. So we're creating a much better experience for the physician in addition to the end user. And we need to educate that because they may have had an experience in the past where it didn't go that well and didn't go the way they wanted to. Those experiences are going much, much better now. And so it's educational across the board. It's not just one customer. It's all of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Barclays.
Matt Miksic: I want to maybe -- we covered a lot here, but maybe a follow-up on Stelo. Last year, I think ahead of some of the coverage that you talked about earlier in the year, there was maybe -- it seemed to have maybe a slightly different role, slightly different target potential maybe -- and then now it's still important. But as you've talked about, Dexcom G7 is with coverage slotting into some of these non-insulin opportunities. So can you talk about how to think about the 2 products and where they -- how they overlay or fit together?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. One of the things we're most excited about with Stelo is the opportunity it presented our sales force because as they walk into a primary care office now, they have 2 options to present a physician. If we don't, by chance, have coverage for a patient now, that physician can now offer Stelo to that patient and again, learn about the glucose behavior and value to that customer. The other thing that we are learning as coverage expands, utilization and retention and everything are always much better when there's reimbursement rather than paying cash. And one of the other things we have to consider with respect to the Stelo and G7 crossing of the roads, we're probably going to have to move some of the Stelo features into the G7 app. And Jake and team are working on that. I'll let you go for a minute. Jake. Go ahead.
Jacob Leach: Yes, sure. So I think part of that question was around how Stelo started when we first launched it. And over time, first, we were focused on people with type 2 diabetes that didn't have coverage, right, as well as prediabetes. And as we've continued to innovate on the product and as we're building up the pipeline of features that we're going to bring, we are continuing to enhance its capabilities for those with diabetes, but also those that don't have diabetes. We've got our integration with Oura that we're very focused on for users, and we do anticipate that's going to bring some more folks in the Stelo family that aren't -- don't have diabetes. So we are focused on expanding Stelo's use cases well beyond diabetes and prediabetes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Petrone with Mizuho Group.
Anthony Petrone: I'll stick on Stelo. A question on the utilization intensity with a prediabetic versus a nondiabetic patient. Do you have any data on that? Are you noticing more utilization intensity with prediabetics? And then just on channel access, where are most folks getting Stelo today? And when you think about Amazon, how much could that sort of just open the opportunity for Stelo?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, happy to answer that question. The way to think about utilization patterns, at least the way that we've seen it today is -- and folks have to -- when they opt into using Stelo, it's how you opt in, right? You can choose diabetes, prediabetes, I don't have diabetes. The way it works is for those that opt in and say, call it type 2, they would be the highest utilization, pre-diabetes kind of in the middle and then I don't have diabetes the lowest. And so as you're trying to think through which populations adopt, that's the retention/utilization -- I'm sorry, utilization rates you ultimately see. I think over time, and Jake alluded to a bunch of features going into Stelo that are really targeted really for everybody, but start to really engage the health and wellness population, there's an opportunity to drive that up over time. And so we're really excited. But out of the gate, when we launched Stelo, I think we talked about it and Matt alluded to it a little bit earlier, it really started as a type 2 product, and we're pushing down the acuity curve -- we're pushing down the acuity curve there. So we'll have more as time moves on. But for right now, that's at least the sequencing in terms of utilization. That's how I think about it from a model perspective. In terms of channel, it's still predominantly stelo.com. Amazon is relatively new for us. It's really been about a month or so since it's been on Amazon live and great uptake. We're really excited to see it. It's going to be -- so at least for the first quarter, it's predominantly stelo.com. The good news, though, is obviously, Amazon is everywhere. It's ubiquitous. And so as you have folks thinking about product, how do I get it, where do I go? We know that Amazon is going to be a great partner for how we disseminate the product through the population. So couldn't be more excited about how Amazon can help broaden our reach. And so I would expect over the balance of the year, Amazon to become a much larger part of our distribution. We'll have to give you guys updates as the quarter moves on as to how it shifts from stelo.com to Amazon.com. But as of right now, majority stelo.com, and we'll have to give you guys updates on Amazon progress.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: We want to thank everybody for participating today. This is another great quarter for DexCom. The new patient growth and the revenue growth were phenomenal. More importantly, there's a lot of people at our company we need to thank today because there was a lot of effort on the supply side, on our sales side, our trade teams. Everybody did a great job. So thanks, everybody, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DexCom, Inc. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one again. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Sean Christensen, VP of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby, and welcome to DexCom, Inc.'s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom, Inc.'s Chairman, President, and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question each so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 performance on the DexCom, Inc. Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make on today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans, and performance. All forward-looking statements included on this call are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, Inc., are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom, Inc.'s annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial measures on this call are presented on a non-GAAP basis. This non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our fourth quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings call for reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we reported fourth quarter organic revenue growth of 8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. This brought our full-year organic revenue growth to 12%, which was in line with our latest 2024 guidance. 2024 was a year of strategic investment for DexCom, Inc. Through these investments, we believe we entered 2025 in a stronger position to capitalize on our next wave of growth. To recap, over the past year, we broadened our commercial reach, launched new products that define the category, built greater scale, and advanced CGM reimbursement globally. Through this work, we continue to lead the biosensing market and have positioned ourselves to impact millions of more lives around the world. We ended 2024 with more than 2.8 million customers globally on our G series and D series products as demand for DexCom, Inc. CGM remains high. This represents an increase of approximately 25% to our global customer base compared to 2023. This increase in customers was driven by momentum both in the category and through our improving execution in the field, which we are very excited about. This was evident in the US where our sales force productivity metrics showed improvement in the fourth quarter. We have now grown our US prescriber base by more than 50,000 over the past year. Through these new relationships, we have successfully broadened our presence with primary care and made early inroads with emerging CGM care points like maternal fetal medicine. Importantly, across this growing physician base, we are also seeing prescribing depth improve. It often takes only a single DexCom, Inc. experience for physicians to recognize the potential to deliver better care with DexCom, Inc. CGM. As these new physicians now expand their use of DexCom, Inc. CGM across their practices, we have seen the impact on our new patient performance build from the strong third-quarter finish we described on our last call. This helped us achieve another quarter of record new customer starts. As discussed earlier in the year, we knew that the opportunity ahead was tremendous when expanding the US sales force. With this focus on execution, we will look to build upon our momentum in 2025 as we further cultivate these relationships and connect with the next leg of CGM prescribers. Our team is also helping many of these physicians navigate the evolving coverage landscape. In the past two years alone, reimbursement procedures have significantly expanded as we have helped establish our clinical value well beyond insulin management. As many of you remember, a key milestone on this journey was the publication of our mobile randomized controlled trial, which demonstrated significantly improved outcomes beyond intensive insulin use. This data prompted clinical societies to update their standards of care and quickly led to widespread reimbursement for anyone on basal insulin. We are now seeing similar evidence build around the benefits of CGM regardless of where someone is in their diabetes journey. In fact, some data has shown even greater health outcomes for those not on insulin as CGM is providing them real-time feedback on lifestyle decisions for the first time. There is also a growing economic argument for incorporating CGM earlier into care plans, as this has been shown to reduce hospitalizations, specialty visits, and utilization of healthcare resources. As this comprehensive body of evidence continues to grow, payers have started to act. We recently shared that as of January 2025, two of the three largest PBMs now cover DexCom, Inc. CGM for anybody with diabetes. With these national formularies leading the way, by the end of the year, DexCom, Inc. will have coverage for more than five million people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin in the US. This came less than two years ago. For context, this is even larger than the type 2 basal reimbursement that we achieved. And yet this only represents around 20% of the 25 million type 2 non-insulin users with diabetes in the US. In 2025, we will be actively pursuing coverage for the remaining 20 million lives. To strengthen our case even more, we recently announced that we initiated a randomized control trial for people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin and expect to complete enrollment soon. As we advance this important work to further expand coverage in the US, we have already significantly broadened access to DexCom, Inc. technology with the launch of our over-the-counter product, Stella. In line with our mission to empower people to take control of their health, this product has allowed us to reach many more people. As we said at the JPMorgan Conference last month, more than 140,000 people were using Stella in the first four months of the launch, with demand spanning across the type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, and health and wellness populations. Importantly, regardless of where someone is in their metabolic health journey, we are quickly enhancing Stella to make it more personalized and drive greater engagement across our platform. Key to this will be DexCom, Inc.'s proprietary generative AI technology, which was recently launched in its initial feature in Stella and will become a key source of personalized content as we expand its functionality over time. We are also building on the Stella experience through targeted partnerships that will consolidate multiple biomarkers into our platform. This includes our recently announced relationship with Oura, which will integrate DexCom, Inc. glucose data with vital signs, sleep, stress, heart health, and activity data from the Oura Ring to provide an even broader picture of health for our mutual customers. Overall, we have been thrilled by customer demand for Stella in these initial months, and we are excited to build on this momentum as we enter 2025. We see an opportunity to further elevate the Stella brand this year through product iteration, broad awareness campaigns, and new distribution channels. This will include Stella's upcoming introduction on the Amazon storefront, which we expect to be live in the coming weeks. Finally, we ended the year on a high note across our international business. We have spoken time and time again about the importance of building greater access, and our most recent international coverage wins have again served as a nice catalyst for our business. Most notably, early in the fourth quarter, we finalized basal coverage for our DexCom, Inc. One Plus system in France and saw strong demand in the first quarter of its implementation. France is another great example of our ability to leverage our product portfolio to match the needs of each customer and reimbursement system. It has also proven to be on the forefront of type 2 CGM coverage as one of the only two international markets with broad basal coverage today. In fact, across many of our markets, even type 2 intensive coverage is in much earlier stages. We are seeing interest and reimbursements steadily build. As it does, we believe we are better positioned than at any time in our company's history to participate and lead growth in this category. As we look forward to 2025, there is a lot for us to be excited about. We remain in a unique position to help pioneer a fast-growing industry that has significant potential to broaden its impact. With that, I'll turn it over to Jereme.
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial measures presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as the slide deck on our website. For the fourth quarter of 2024, we reported worldwide revenue of $1.11 billion compared to $1.03 billion for the fourth quarter of 2023, representing growth of 8% on both a reported basis and organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes the impact of foreign exchange, in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing twelve months. US revenue totaled $803 million for the fourth quarter compared to $769 million for the fourth quarter of 2023, representing an increase of 4%. As Kevin mentioned, new customer demand has steadily built over the past two quarters as our sales force productivity metrics continue to improve. Rebate eligibility again negatively impacted our US growth rate by several points in Q4, but we expect this impact to step down in the first quarter and then be minimal over the course of 2025. In the DME channel, our share remained stable during the fourth quarter, in line with our expectations based on the strengthening performance of our sales team. While channel mix again had the largest year-over-year impact on our revenue per customer in Q4, recent DME share trends should help this impact moderate over the course of 2025. International revenue grew 17%, totaling $311 million in the fourth quarter. International organic revenue growth was 19% for the fourth quarter. Our international business accelerated for the second quarter in a row, as new access wins and the expanded availability of G7 and DexCom, Inc. One Plus generated higher demand in many key markets. In addition to France, another nice win came in New Zealand, where we unlocked broader type one coverage and saw a similar uptick in demand. These are great examples of how each market is unique, at different stages of reimbursement development. As Kevin mentioned, we still see a long runway ahead to build much greater global access, even within our existing markets. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $661.2 million or 59.4% of revenue compared to 64.2% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023. During the fourth quarter, our gross margin was negatively impacted by a $21 million non-cash charge. The majority of this was related to inventory that our quality management system identified as being mishandled by one of our shipping partners. The remainder of this charge is related to new build configurations that lowered our production yield in the quarter. As a result of these disruptions, we are currently managing channel inventory tightly for the next few weeks. Our facilities are running at full capacity to rebuild optimal supply for our distribution partners, and we expect to have these levels back to normal by the end of the first quarter. This is why we have made the investment in capacity to manage their growth and scale opportunities. Operating expenses were $451.7 million for Q4 of 2024 compared to $421.1 million in Q4 of 2023. Operating income was $209.5 million or 18.8% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to $242.7 million or 23.5% of revenue in the same quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA was $300.1 million or 27.0% of revenue for the fourth quarter, compared to $321.5 million or 31.1% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023. Net income for the fourth quarter was $177.8 million or $0.45 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents. This provides us significant flexibility to both support our organic growth opportunities and assess strategic uses of capital on an ongoing basis. Turning to 2025 guidance, as we stated last month, we anticipate total revenue to be $4.6 billion, representing growth of 14% for the year. This guidance assumes continued strong category growth, steady DME share, new access wins internationally, broader distribution for Stella, and several product advancements across our platform. We also expect to see US revenue and volume growth converging as the year progresses. As we lap some of the unique rebate and channel dynamics discussed earlier. From a margin perspective, we expect full-year non-GAAP gross profit margin to be in a range of 64% to 65%, non-GAAP operating profit margin to be approximately 21%, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 30%. Our guidance assumes gross margins will improve at least 200 basis points in 2025. As we convert more of our installed base to G7, and drive greater scale at our high-volume manufacturing facilities, it also assumes a second-half launch of our fifteen-day G7 system, which we expect to provide greater gross margin leverage beyond 2025 as we convert more of our installed base to the fifteen-day system. With that, we can open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Jereme. In addition to Kevin and Jereme, we will also have Jake Leach, our Chief Operating Officer, joining us for our question and answer session. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time, and then reenter the queue if necessary. Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question and answer session. If you have dialed in and would like to ask a question, please press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one again. We kindly ask everyone to limit themselves to one question and come back to join the queue for follow-up. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. And our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Kevin, I wanted to start with the issues you identified, you know, on the Q2 call. The Salesforce issue and the DME issues. And you know, Jereme gave some color in his prepared remarks, but I'd love to hear, you know, a little bit more from you on the status of each. Sounds like your share in the DME channel has stabilized. So how are you thinking about those issues that negatively impacted 2024, you know, in 2025? Thanks for taking the questions.
Kevin Sayer: You bet, Larry. We've made great progress on those issues since we talked about them in the second quarter. We've worked very hard with our DME partners to identify opportunities to improve and to grow. We've also worked with our sales team to make sure we consider all channels across all markets and have that dual benefit offered where we can. With respect to the US Salesforce, Larry, what we've seen is this group that we brought on board has now become more productive. I mentioned earlier that we've added 50,000 prescribers over the course of the year. And what we're seeing now, you know, when we initially expanded that group, we saw the prescriptions per healthcare professional come down. That number's come back up even though they're calling on more healthcare professionals now. So we're seeing more productivity per prescriber even as we add more prescribers. So that group is doing what we asked them to. And I think that's really supported by the fact we've had record new starts each in the last two quarters. So both those things are going very well for us right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Jereme, you talked on the call about narrowing that kind of volume versus revenue gap in the US that has been pretty wide here in the last couple of quarters. I mean, if I just put some numbers on it, it seems like in the fourth quarter, that gap was maybe sixteen points, seventeen points. Again, I don't have the perfect volume estimates in my number, but sixteen or seventeen points, that's down from maybe twenty, twenty-one points, something like that in the third quarter. You know, where do you think that goes? You said it falls off in the one Q. Does it fall to low double digits, just that kind of volume versus revenue gap in the US? And then as it further converges throughout the year, can you get that back into the single digits, into the mid-single digits? Just conceptually help us understand how to think about that gap between those US volumes and the US revenue growth. Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. I don't it didn't and thanks for the question. You know, it'll certainly converge, and we talked, you know, as we walk through it, I'll try to walk through it in the cadence over the course of the year. So certainly, as we lap the rebate dynamic here in the first quarter, it will start to converge a little bit here in the second quarter. You know, as you start to then compare year-over-year channels, as we start to get those channels stability, you'll start to see that converge as you move into the third and the fourth quarter. I mean, as we get to the tail end of the year, and so the amount that you would expect to see it come in, it starts to get much, much closer to the numbers that you quoted. We haven't given a specific number, but what we would say is the delta between volume and price. We've talked about our patient base being about 25% higher exiting the year. You've seen our growth numbers at 14% essentially as guide, and if you exclude Stella from that, it's more like 12%. So you can already see implied there that the numbers are coming in if you just assume that the patient base continues to grow into next year. So you're already seeing it. I'd expect similar gaps as you see us exiting Q4 as we lap the rebate channel in 1Q, but you're gonna start to see that coming in more and more over the course of the year. We don't have a number specifically to give you at this point, but you're right. It'll start to come in closer and closer, especially as we exit 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Thanks for taking the question. Jereme, maybe just to follow-up on that. There's a lot of considerations on both the top line and down the P&L between fifteen days sensor lapping of some of the headwinds on pricing. How should we think about cadence through the year? Obviously, the math points to a much stronger second half on a growth rate basis, but how should we think about cadence through the year? And particularly first quarter as we set up expectations here? Thanks a lot.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. And, you know, as you think about the first I'll start with the first quarter and then we can get to the year. You know, we talked a little bit about this at your conference actually, Robbie, about how the first quarter is gonna look a little bit, I don't know, similar to where you know, historical sequential patterns had taken us. So if you look at our best sequential Q1 relative to Q4 in the past few years, it was about a 9% sequential decline. We talked about at JPMorgan it being about an 8% to 9% sequential decline. So it actually looks a little bit better in terms of seasonality here in the Q1, and we'd expect it to do that. Nothing's changed. That was our guidance. We'd still expect that. Then typical seasonality over the course of the year, it should look relatively similar. I say that knowing full well that you know, one percentage point in a split, if you will, can create a few different points of growth. But what I would say is there's gonna be a relatively stable cadence of improvement over the course of the year. Obviously, the comps in the back half of the year make it a little bit easier. So you would imply that. But in terms of just thinking about how you progress through the course of the year, dollar-wise, the progress through the course of the year dollar-wise should look pretty good and consistent with, I'd say, more normal years. Last year was a bit of a unique year for us. So that'll help you get cadence from that perspective. In terms of gross margin, you know, typically from Q4 to Q1, we step back a couple hundred basis points. This quarter, we talked about Q4 being a little bit burdened by some, you know, one-time charges. We've quantified those. You know, I would expect there to be a little bit of a step back from Q4 to Q1. If you adjust for those one-time items, it means Q1 be a little bit ahead of Q4. If you don't adjust for those items, moving up over the course of the year. We've gotta move through some of the Q1 dynamics as we move forward, which is going to include certainly working through some of the yields and improvements which you talked about in Q4. We'll work through a little bit of that in Q1. But as you move into the rest of the year, based on the volumes that we're moving through our Malaysia facility and really through our entire facilities, you're gonna see that continue to improve, and we have clear line of sight to our standard cost and what those margins look like. Really looking good as we exit the year. So this is a year where you're gonna see a lot of the benefit of scale really drive that margin. You'll see a little bit of a benefit in the back half of the year from fifteen day as well. But the big driver is gonna be even without fifteen day. You're seeing us the scale and volume that's running to our facilities will certainly make that back to the half of the year look pretty good on a margin basis.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on a strong end to the year. Just wanted to follow-up on the comment around some of the type two coverage. I think, you know, two of the three largest PBMs are now covering for non-insulin using type two. And, Jereme, give me this is for you and how to think about I appreciate what you're saying for 2025. As far as, you know, revenue growth converging with volume growth. But as more of these non-insulin using type two patients come online, how should we think about that? So I guess this is more over the next few years. And will that diverge again before it reconverges or how do we think about that? Given that this is a less intensive patient population and just trying to get a sense of what you guys are seeing from a pricing perspective from those. So much.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. It's a good question. So maybe I can put some clarity there. So the unit economics of each purchase is actually similar across it. We don't necessarily have a different purchase price for a month of sensors between one disease state or another. So type one and type two non-insulin using, generally is at the same price point in our contracts. So from that perspective, profitability-wise, you shouldn't see any impact there. Now I think in the models, the one thing you will have to be mindful of is when you look at a PMP wide, our type two users typically don't use the product as often. They can go a weekend without it. There's, you know, lower retention utilization. Similar to what we disclosed at JPMorgan conference where we had, you know, our persistence and use of product there. So I think from a modeling perspective, profitability-wise, I don't think you make any changes there. From a revenue per patient, just that you're modeling on a per year basis, I think you have to make those changes, and I think we've given the retention utilization data that's up on the website. So that'll be easy to at least model as you're moving through there. But good news there is I think you're kind of implying, hey. Is there an impact on gross margin, operating margin? There is no.
Kevin Sayer: Daniel, I'll just add to that. When we have coverage with these type two patients, our retention and utilization rates are actually quite high. It's not like it's a one month and then and you're done. These patients that this product's reimbursed we know they say, because they have such good outcomes. So while the model may be slightly different in a reimbursed world, it's still very strong. There's very good utilization, very good patient retention.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hey. Thanks for the question and congrats. Just wanted to ask on the G7 fifteen day. I know you don't usually comment, but wanted to see how the process the FDA is going. I guess the question is really, like, giving you the confidence to still say, you know, second half launch? Here. And once you get that approval, should we think about that process rolling out, you know, there's a couple of quarters before the patient base is kinda fully converted?
Jake Leach: Yeah. Thanks, Travis. This is Jake. The fifteen day review. Right? We mentioned that we'd submitted it on the last call. So we're basically towards the tail end of that review. We've had a great interactive review with the FDA. We feel like right at the tail end because we've basic and, you know, as we do have the confidence that we're gonna see an approval here shortly. We as as you kinda transition over to once we have approval, we do expect to launch that product in the second half of this year. Really, it's about securing coverage in our we wanna get that the fifteen day product out as fast possible, but we are mindful of user experience. We gotta make sure we've got coverage in place. We have to be mindful of our pump integrations as we launch this fifteen day product. So, you know, that's why, you know, we expect approval here shortly, but we'll get it out here in a second. Second half of the year. We're also looking forward to presenting the fifteen day clinical data at ATTD next month in Europe. So that'll be one of our lead investigators from that clinical trial is actually presenting the data. So we look forward to sharing that with all of you next month.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much for taking the questions. Briefly, what does it take to get the fifteen day integrated with the pump? Is that a difficult process? And I'm gonna also ask I think they occurred or saw on a slide G8. Is there anything you can tell us about that? Thank you.
Jake Leach: Sure. Yeah. So the good news is, you know, pump integration with the fifteen day sensor. We thought about that as we were doing the original G7 integrations. So it is a much smaller lift than, for example, the difference between integrating, you know, as we moved it from G6 to G7, that was quite a big lift for our partners. In terms of security interfaces and the Bluetooth interface. But as we look at the fifteen day, there's a most of it stays exactly the same. The pump basically interrogates the sensor, and the sensor tells it it's a fifteen day. There is a little bit once we get approval, a little bit our partners have to do on validations, but we do anticipate it to be quite quick in terms of the integration with fifteen day our pump partner base. So we'll be mindful, you know, as soon as they get those done. We'll be pushing the product out harder into the channels, but that's part of it. And then your question about G8 is, we are very actively in the development process on G8. It'll be our next hardware platform that we'll use across our portfolio of products. I won't get in all the details, but a couple of highlights are it's a smaller wearable with even more capability built into it. And, you know, we're looking towards compatibility with pumps much closer to launch of that product. We've learned a lot through our G7 integrations, and so we were very excited about progress on G8, it also has a multi-analyte capability built into it.
Kevin Sayer: I'd just add to that. We look at G8 also as a series of innovations. You know, the jump from G6 to G7, we learned a lot. Because we changed pretty much everything. We're gonna do this more stepwise, and we'll have a literally a series of features leading to that configuration Jake is talking about where you get to multi-analyte somewhere down the road. So we're looking forward to revealing more about this product platform as time goes on.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Matt Taylor: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the question. I did want to ask one about the expanding coverage in terms of the PBMs now covering these lives and also thinking through to hopefully, next year or the year after getting a non-intensive type two coverage. But I just don't want you to understand how you think about the additional lives being covered as a driver, this should be expect that group to show in the numbers? Is that contemplated in your guidance? And if you play through the study, when do you think you'll actually get more of an uptake in that non-insulin type two population?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Matt. I can take that. You know, the expectation, we've included it in our guidance. Now there's all sorts of levels of uptake and as you can imagine, every model has the ups and downs associated with it. We're really bullish on the long-term nature but I think it's about us getting out there and letting folks know they have coverage. So we're very mindful that there's education that we have to continue to do, and the sales force is really excited about it. I know that the materials are now out there circulating in the field, and so we're excited about pushing those. That will be some of the work we do over the course of this year. The work to be done now is we can talk a little bit about the PBMs. So it's working with we have two PBMs. And as you go deeper into those PBMs and you get to more my formularies. We will be working with those PBMs to expand access even within there knowing full well the benefit that CGM provides those populations. We'll also be working with the third PBM, right, and looking and looking to at ways to ultimately gain coverage there. And so we're hard at work there. And make no mistake, on the flip side, we are also looking at how we would work with CMS. Certainly to make sure that folks have access to the product. We know the benefits of folks using CGM and what it does to the system. And given the capitated nature of Medicare fee for service, even Medicare Advantage plans, those are real interesting things, and so we'll be working heavily there. What you generally need in those cases, not all the time, but it's always helpful, is an RCT and as you know, we've talked about in the past, we are running an RCT. Jake would tell you we're already in enrollment right now, and we talked about really completing that enrollment here in the first half of this year. With early readouts at the back end of this year. So we'd be using that in conjunction with all of this evidence to look to expand coverage, but it is top of mind. So as we have our market access team, potentially even listening to this call, they all know it's in the goals and for the year is to make sure we advance this as much as we can.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I'm not sure if this is for Kevin or Jereme or Jake for that matter, but are you expecting a record new patient number here in 2025? And if so, can you just talk a little bit about the composition of where that's coming from? Just given that we're getting a little bit more saturated on the intensive side and a lot more of this needs to come from basal and then non-intensively managed type two. So just maybe talk about the composition to get you to that level if you are committing to that and just making investors or helping investors feel comfortable you can do that given this patient population that historically you haven't been as strong with. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Sure. I can give you some at least how we're thinking about the year. Certainly, we do expect it to be a record patient year. You know, we do see continued penetration across the insulin-intensive segment, and across T1 and T2 insulin-intensive. We still expect quite a bit of penetration in that market, and it still plays a very large portion of our new patient starts. We do expect a consistent penetration in Basal over the course of this year. And so as you think about Basil and the progress made across that population in 2024, would expect something similar here in 2025. And so that's continued steady adoption in Basil. Remember, Basil is a big grower. Since it's a smaller base as part of that population. It'll continue to contribute there. And then, of course, we do expect a greater contribution this year on the type two non-insulin side given some of the coverage that's in place. And so it's continuing to move along based. It's continuing to move along. Insulin coverage as you've certainly our insulin-intensive coverage with the addition of type two here. And, you know, what's interesting and this doesn't include Stella. I think what's important is this is in our G series and D series. Approach, and so we're not even including Stella in those numbers. And so what should give you a little bit confidence as we move even beyond type two and in a prediabetes and health and wellness where we have an over-the-counter product like Stella, that's just even more opportunity for us to take advantage of that. Kevin, Javier?
Kevin Sayer: No. I would add there's also some coverage wins that really start taking effect in 2025 in our US markets with basal coverage in France, some spotty, yep, growing basal coverage in Germany. We've had wins in Canada, Australia. We've got our direct team in Japan, you know, on the street now. So we see international growth in those markets. And, you know, I kinda go along with what Jereme said. Now that we have more type two non-intensive open, obviously, that's gonna contribute a larger portion of the new patients than we've done in the past because we have access to those people. But we still believe there's growth in the insulin population. I mean, as I disclosed earlier, with 60% penetration in type one and 55% penetration in type two intensive, we've still got a lot of people that need access to this technology to better control their health. And we believe with the field force their increased productivity, all the things we're doing, we're in a good place to get after it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jason Bedford: Good afternoon. Excuse me. I apologize if this is redundant, but it sounds like there's no change to the STELLO expectation of 2% to 3% of sales. You confirm that. Great. But can you just also talk about the stellar trend through the year, meaning specifically the timing of drivers? It sounds like Amazon's coming on soon. When did the five million newly reimbursed come online, and when do you have full app integration with Oura? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Maybe I'll start with some of that, and I can hit off to Jake here. So let's start with the type two coverage first so that we can move into Stella. So type two coverage, that we announced effective one one. So it's already in place right now. So that's good news. We all we I can also confirm that Stella is 2% to 3%. The expectation is 2% to 3% of revenue in a year. So we've obviously considered the types two coverage in making that call. In terms of the cadence over the year and the integrations in Amazon, maybe I can hand it to Jake just to cover some of the expectations around that.
Jake Leach: Sure. Yeah. So around STELLO, we're working fast and furious on a whole host of new capabilities. We actually just launched one within the past weeks that allows users to look back at their historic data within the app. So that was something that was one of the number one requests we got after we launched Stella. And so we've got that functioning out in the field. We are working, as you mentioned, very closely with Oura on a deeper integration. Today, we do import already Oura data into the Stella platform, but working with the team over to Oura, we're working on a deeper integration where we have access to a lot more of the intrinsic data from the Oura platform, and so we're working to integrate that into our app. So the first thing we're working on right now is just the pipes to get the data flowing in. And then we'll start working on visualizations. You will start to see those integrations coming out in the first half of this year, but we'll continue to we have two very innovative groups with the team over at Oura and our software team. And so they're I'm really excited to see what they've been developing and we'll be, you know, throughout the course of the year having multiple releases that continue to build on the functionality.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And then I think the last question is in channel. And so channel, we are seeing DME channel selling it today. You're seeing partners selling it now. And I think the Amazon is expected in one Q. Jason. So we expect to see it here on in Amazon very, very shortly. And so keep your eyes out, but one Q is when we expect to launch.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shagun Singh with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Shagun Singh: Great. Thank you so much. Kevin and Jereme, I was hoping you could walk us through some of the assumptions behind the 14% growth rate for 2025. It looks like there are some areas of conservatism. I don't think you assume DME share gains. You're assuming it to be flat. You know, why is that? You do have easy comps. You know, you guys typically guide mid to high teens, but you tend to exceed those. You do have a fully productive sales force, you know, more reps year over year, you know, two new product launches, and then, you know, you are looking for record new patient starts. So can you walk me through that to the assumptions? Should we assume the 14% growth as a base case? And then just on the fifteen day sensor, what is assumed in that guidance for the second half? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. I can give you some of the data points. We cover a little bit on the script, but I think it's helpful just to walk through them. So you know, we do expect about one to two points to be growth related to STELLO. Obviously, if it was 1% last year and it's 2% to 3% this year, there's a couple points there. As you peel that back, you'll see that, you're to give the core, I'd say, G and D series business is still in the low teens growth. You know, 12%, 13%. And as you break down what happened, you know, our international market, which we continue expect to continue to perform well, and the US market, you can see that US the old US market, we expect to grow a little of the year. But you still see the US the US performance doing quite well over course of the year. I would say what we've given you is the figures that we think is reasonable given the year. We understand that, you know, over the course of last year, we put a few things in place. Those had us take a bit of a step back. We wanna make sure we put out some guidance that's very reasonable, that's very achievable, and that's what we've done here. To your point, there are some tailwinds in those assumptions. Kevin alluded to it earlier. There's access wins outside the US, and that's going to be very interesting. In the US, we have a sales force that's now up and stable and running, and that's wonderful to see. They've done a really great job. And so really looking forward some of that. Obviously, with more and more coverage wins, coming out there in the US over type two, these are all things that are potential upsides, and we'll certainly if we can achieve those, we'll certainly pass them along. But I think we wanted to be reasonable. When we put through that guidance. And certainly, it's an acceleration when you look at the back half of this year. As we exit the year, we had a 3% and an 8%. So 14% would be a tailwind there. We do assume stable DME share. I think it's a prudent thing to do. We will be working closely with our DME partners. I think they've been wonderful through these past, you know, few weeks as we've navigated through this quarter, and I think they're great partners, and we'll look to continue to partner with them. But I think that's a reasonable assumption to take a start into the year.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. I'd just add one other thing with respect to fifteen days. Yes. That's another tailwind. But again, we don't have an approved product yet. We've talked about launching this in the second half of the year, but there is a time frame where we have to get coverage up and running with all the payers, get it through CMS for Medicare, and then get it on the shelves. And also integrate with our partners. There's a time frame for a launch here. We learned a lot from the G7 launch. We'll apply all these to fifteen day, but make no mistake about it. There's a little bit of lag. It takes a little bit of time. And so while it's a tailwind, it's gonna be helpful. It's not the big tailwind. There's certainly some upside if things were to go very quick but what we've assumed is a base case based on our knowledge of what we've experienced in the past.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Nifron Research. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on STELLO. You're coming off your first holiday season, first New Year's resolution season with a and did you see an acceleration in subscription activity tied to those seasonal factors? And now with a few months under your belt of the launch, how are you feeling about your ability to keep users engaged after they've through their first couple sensors? And you mentioned AI would just love to hear a little bit more about what role that plays in that engagement.
Kevin Sayer: I'll start a bit and then let Jake take the AI question. We did see a nice spike of New Year's resolutions in January. January as the year started, and we saw a lot of people sign up to get the year started and kick things off. With respect to users continuing to use Stella, our subscription renewal rate for those who signed up to subscription plans has been excellent. Once users have signed up and they bought more sensors. We feel very good about that. Ironically or not ironically, but just as a side note, the type two diabetes population in Stella certainly signs up and buys more frequently than the others, and that renewal rate has been very, very strong. So our initial design of that product, the way we thought the app would work, is really serving the audience that we targeted for, and then we'll features over the course of the year that will benefit those users in addition to the other user groups that we serve. Jake, I'll let you take the AI stuff.
Jake Leach: Yeah. Sure. So we did roll out the first generative AI capability within a glucose biosensor on Stella. And it's really around those insight reports that the users get after a week of wear. And it's you know, we see good feedback. We actually did a staggered rollout of that. We rolled it out to half the users at first, and then we quickly ramped that up so we kinda compare some of the usage patterns. And so, you know, I think one of the key areas that I talked about, you know, earlier when I said we've got a robust sequence of releases, a lot of it will be to continue to build on the insight. The number one thing now that we've got the historic data in the platform, the next request from users has been, you know, even deeper insights, which is clearly in our, you know, crosshairs as we look at integration with Oura data, and then the further utilization of that generative AI, report and feedback. The insights are gonna continue to get deeper and more personalized as we go. And really looking forward to releasing more of that capability throughout the year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Hi. Thanks, guys. Yeah. Just building on Stella, you had ADA last year. You talked purposely about, you know, focusing the Stella messaging on the non-insulin type two first. With the coverage making real progress here, are you thinking about that messaging changing over the next couple years? And being more of a bifurcation between G series for type two and STELLO for maybe prediabetes and beyond.
Kevin Sayer: You know, that's a great question and something we discuss on a regular basis. Just we know that if product's reimbursed, we have a much better chance of getting into somebody in them staying out and using it all the time. So what you're gonna see is a migration of some of the features we put into STELLO geared towards type two patients, not on insulin, into the G series app. So our users can have the opportunity to identify their glucose spikes and their act with G7 with the AI module, and things like we put into the STELLO app. Conversely, you'll see Stella will add more features, again, that would be more conducive to health and wellness and serving other populations prediabetes along those lines. But you'll see us migrate features from one app to the other where it makes a lot of sense. And that, you know, that's a credit to our software team, the software platform we built with our ability to iterate very quickly.
Jake Leach: You know, one thing I'd add is that, you know, if you look at the indication for use on it is very, very broad, and that was purposeful. And we went then pioneered the over-the-counter indication. It's all adults, not an insulin. So it very much is indicated for use outside of diabetes and we intend to, over time, continue to build the feature set out to serve more and more users. We actually have quite a few of the users that have been using Stella to date are in that category of, you know, health and wellness and longevity. Just seeking to learn more about their metabolic health through using this system. So, you know, we did target diabetes and prediabetes at first, but clearly as the capability of the platform builds out gonna become more and more applicable to a broader group.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Issie Kirby with Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Issie Kirby: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the G sensor and how we should be thinking around potential accuracy improvements really going after MARD on the glucose monitoring side with this device. Then you touched upon multi-analyte. You know, what discussions are you having with payers about the ability to perhaps look at a premium price for a sense of these capabilities. Thanks.
Jake Leach: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah. So we are always striving to enhance the accuracy and reliability of our sensors. You know, G7 is the most accurate sensor available, but there's still opportunities to enhance this technology and make it more accurate, more reliable for, you know, broader group of users. And so, you know, with even within the G7 platform, we're still working to further enhance the accuracy of that system. And so, you know, as we look to G8, we're actually building one of the things I mentioned, right, it's a smaller wearable but with more capability. And part of that capability is further ability to for fault detections as well as accuracy enhancements. And so you we will we do intend to improve the accuracy of the system as we continue to build on the different hardware platforms. The multi-analyte is we got different analytes in various stages of development. There's actually quite a few. And so we're kinda early days during in terms of the use case applications and whether you know, I'm really have discussion around premium price yet. But the way that we think about it is amplifying the value of the CGM by adding those additional analytes and, you know, broader use cases in chronic diseases around diabetes is certainly one of the areas that we'll consider once we get the technology a little farther.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Polark with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Polark: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanna ask about the point estimate for the revenue guidance. Jereme, you have a history of providing a range of about five points in recent years. So why just one number and not a range? If you had us think about a range around this four six, is four six the floor, a midpoint, how would you frame that? Appreciate any color. Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. I mean, the reason we went with the point and, you know, obviously, we went out in January at JPM, and now, again, as you know, last year was a bit of a unique year for us. I think what's really important is we set everybody with what our best thoughts are around the year. And so this is our best thoughts around the year. We don't necessarily wanna couch it as good low, high low, etcetera, because we'd be putting out a range again. And so the best way to think about it is we really wanted to give everybody a thought about the year in the eyes of management after a year that I know that had some folks on for a bit of loops over the course of the year. So I thought it was the right thing to do. And as the year moves on and as the year progress, we'll certainly give you guys updates. But it was really just designed around that as making sure we got everybody on the same page with us and it'll we'll hopefully move all forward together.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Bill Plovanic: I'm gonna go to a different angle here. You know, we've been talking about revenue a lot. We really wanna talk about profitability if we can. You know, obviously, 2024 was a tough year. You know, we've really kinda tapped out at that twenty-ish percent operating level. You're looking for a little increase in 2025. How do we think about kind of the years after? Is this gonna be something where it's a, you know, one percent expansion per year in operating adjusted operating? Or are there any lever points that could really accelerate this? Thanks for taking my question.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Thanks, Bill. Appreciate it. You know, I think there's a couple things. One, you know, obviously, one of the big things that we've been focusing on is building a bunch of levers into the business on the operating expense side. I think you've seen it over the years. OpEx as a percentage of revenue has continued to come down. I would expect that to take place over future years. That all being said, we do allocate a significant amount of money to R&D and that's intentional because of all the opportunities ahead us. And so we balanced this investment, reinvestment in the business across both R&D and sales and marketing. Because not only do we believe there's a lot of opportunities for development and growth, we also believe as we move into these new markets, there's a lot of opportunity to spread the word. And that's why we've invested in sales force expansion. It's why we invest in marketing. So levers are you can invest less in the business. I don't think that's what we really wanna do. We are doing a wonderful job of managing G&A as an organization, and I think we'll continue to do that. So that's where the leverage will come from. The other piece of leverage will come from gross margin. I mean, we've guided out to 65 over the years. If you look in the past year, we came in obviously lower than that in 2024. You know? So I think as you think about gross margins, certainly getting back to 65, and I think you guys all know the levers with fifteen day and, you know, continuing to design cost out of the product. Those are opportunities that obviously can head back to the bottom line over the years. So I think those are the two levers to play with, and as long as there's an opportunity to continue to reinvest in the business, which we believe will drive long-term growth, we'll continue to do that. If that doesn't make sense, there's certainly leverage we can get in the P&L. I think, Bill, you know this from, you know, all the years you've done this. Building levers is really important for a business. And some of those levers go into reinvestment, some of those levers will go back to return of investment. Those are the two things we're gonna make sure we balance to grow the company.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Patrick Wood: Beautiful. Thanks for taking the question. Fifteen day again, so apologies about that, but it's obviously a big impact. I guess, you know, how are you thinking long term about what the average wet time will do? Because presumably, you know, there'd be a subset of patients who may want to change their sensor a little bit more frequently for all kinds of different reasons, whether it's, you know, how they react to the adhesive or gets dusty or things like that. Do you have any info from, like, early days in Stella to get a sense for change out rates or I was trying to think where where does it ultimately end up? It's obviously not completely fifteen days. I'm just trying to get a sense where you think the average consumer's gonna end. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Actually, our Stella users are very happy with the fifteen day wear so far. And as far as them being unhappy with sticky tape or something not looking right, that really hasn't been that much of an issue. The number of patients getting the fifteen days with Stella has been very strong so far. Look, fifteen days is the preferred use case for this patient population and for their certainly, there may be groups. For example, children where they may change more frequently. We have right now a very generous and a very yet efficient service model with the sensor fails or if it falls off, we work with people to make sure they have the sensors that they need. We're looking at that service model as we go to fifteen days to make it as streamlined as possible so people do have the experiences that they want. At the same time, we increase our profitability and our margins across the way. And this is something we look at and talk about on a regular basis, Patrick. But most people really do wanna wear it fifteen days if they can. They'd rather not change answer.
Jereme Sylvain: And I think it's safe to say. I mean, in the interim, you're a hundred percent right, Patrick. The timing is gonna be who moves, when they move, what the preferred longer term every one of those gonna be a good handy. So it's just a matter of timing as opposed to necessarily how many people are gonna stay on a ten day.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marie Thibault with BTIG. Your line is open.
Sam Eiber: Good afternoon. This is Sam once Marie. Thanks for taking the questions here. Maybe I can just ask about the sustainability of international growth and just getting your thoughts about contribution from maybe the several levers you have, whether it's expanding into new markets, going direct in other countries, and, you know, just increasing your penetration through coverage ones. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Our primary goal internationally, again, is to go to the large international markets where sensors are approved, where CGM is approved, and it's a growing technology. Certainly, there are countries in this group where there's more type one penetration to get. Many of the countries don't even cover type two intensive insulin usage. So we're looking to drive more access there. And then basal insulin, as I said earlier, in the call, is only fully approved in two US markets, Japan and France. So we're looking to build the case in those markets. So we'll expand in the markets where CGM is already a proven technology. And becoming the standard of care for insulin use. As far as other markets, you know, when we launched a I D one, the our DexCom, Inc. One product in the beginning, we built a very efficient model to launch a digital platform in those geographies and get those geographies up and running. What we've experienced in those geographies, in all fairness, is oftentimes, it grows to very quickly. When the government sees how many of these sensors are purchased in a great outcomes these patients have is physicians put pressure on the reimbursement authorities. So we have good plans for those geographies where we're not that's not where the bulk of the international growth is gonna come from. This can become from the large markets where CGM is reimbursed as we expand deck and the category in general similar to what we've done in the domestic market.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Kratky with Leerink. Your line is open.
Mike Kratky: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking our question. You walked through some of the growth trends across the different segments of the diabetes population earlier on the call. Maybe as a follow-up to that, have you seen any noteworthy shifts in your market share that you're capturing across the different segments and anything in particular you'd expect to see in 2025?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. I mean, as you looked it over the course, call it, say, the fourth quarter, you know, we had a really good, you know, good bounce back in the third quarter and a really strong fourth quarter. You know? And in the fourth quarter, given it was record new patients and we saw, you know, strength really across the board, we saw some good really good share performance across really all of it. Now the area when we historically, we've had, you know, the least share was in the area we haven't had coverage. And so as you fast forward into 2025, you know, coverage is a good opportunity for us there. And so I'd expect to us to continue to do well, especially with the expanded sales force and all of the innovation we're putting into the product, as well as having Stella on the bag, and that's really important as we call them physicians. So expect us to do really well in the markets we're in. And in an area we alluded to a little bit earlier on the call where we haven't had coverage and we're excited see where this goes in 2025 is in the non-insulin space. I think that's an area where with coverage, we expect to perform well. But I think you saw performance in Q4. The new patient performance in Q4 is a precursor to really some a good jumping point for 2025.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matt Miksic: Hey. Thanks so much for taking the question. So just one quick clarification and then a question on some of the comments you made about economics of patients. So the quick clarification was just I'm not sure if you've given us a time frame for G8 yet approximately. Is it one year away, two years away? That'd be helpful. And then the question on the economics, was you know, I think the perception is among investors that as you move up and just call it to the right, lower acuity, patient non-insulin and so on. That the economics and the economic value of that per patient is lower. And sounds like on a pre-unit basis, I think as you were describing earlier, not true. So is that purely driven by, you know, use case, utilization, renewed prescriptions, and so on. Or is there different rebates? Maybe how would you sort of like this. Dispute that kind of perception out there about that's, you know, that segment of the market. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: Let's start with your G8 question. We've not given a timeline. Right now, we're all hands on deck for fifteen day G7. And that's the timeline we're most concerned about today as far as giving you guidance again. That's in the second half of the year as we look forward to approval in the not too distant future. With respect to these other markets as we get into non-intensive diabetes treatment, even basal treatment when we started, we know that utilization rates amongst these patient groups are a bit different. But they're not as dramatically different as one would expect. Certainly, our type one patients who are made in some delivery systems, some of which don't even function without a sensor. The utilization there is gonna be very, very high, obviously. And if they're having a good experience with their system, retention's incredibly strong as well. As we move down the acuity curve, what we see is utilization may decrease some. But as long as it's reimbursed, it doesn't decrease like, it doesn't go from 90% down to 40. It goes down a little bit. Now mind you, as we expand in these categories, you get more and more users. Utilization patterns will change and they will shift. So maybe the value of a patient over the course of the year will come down a little bit. But if it's reimbursed, we don't expect it to come down that much. Where we have to build out models and learn more is with Stella. With these cash pay patients, how many cents are they are they gonna purchase cash wise? How many are they gonna use, and what does that look like? And we're too early in that journey to really define it.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And, Matt, I think, you know, the question earlier was, do the economics per transaction change? I think the answer is no. However, does utilization change? The answer is yes. So it gets back to the per user per year. It may come down, but remember, the amount of sensors you sell comes down because it's a utilization question. So the gross margin, the op margin, remain the same. I think that's the important part of it. So depends. Are you talking about the economics of the transaction, the economics of the lifetime value of customer? They are different, but I think there was a question about does the margins go down because you're moving to a different and the answer is no.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank everybody for participating today. We're very pleased with our 2024 results. And a record new patients and the things we achieved in the fourth quarter. We're looking forward to a great 2025. Many levers in place for us to have a great year, and we look forward to your continued support. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Abby, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Christensen, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby, and welcome to DexCom's third quarter 2024 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question each, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our third quarter 2024 performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make on today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included on this call are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call, or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial measures on this call are presented on a non-GAAP basis. This non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for results, or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our third quarter earnings call for a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Before we dive in, I want to take this opportunity to share an important update. As many of you saw in today's press release, our Chief Commercial Officer, Teri Lawver has expressed her plan to retire from DexCom. Teri, is a great leader who has advanced our commercial organization in several areas in the past two years, including the launches of our G7 system and Stelo, which I will touch on shortly. I am thankful for her strong leadership and dedication to DexCom and she will continue to work with me as a Special Advisor and Consultant through early next year as we navigate the transition and our search for a new Chief Commercial Officer. I will assume leadership of the team and having managed this team before, I can speak to their quality and look forward to leading them again. There are three primary takeaways I want to convey today, reinforced by what I've observed since our last quarter call. First, CGM remains a premier global growth category and the excitement and uptake we've seen with the Stelo launch has further reinforced my conviction about the long-term potential of this market. Second, I feel good about the execution progress that our team is making, both in terms of our commercial effectiveness and our product pipeline and we'll walk through some of those steps today. And finally, I feel confident in our pathway back to higher growth and continued margin expansion, which Jereme will discuss in more detail later. With those points as a framework for discussion, let's turn to the highlights from the quarter. Today, we reported third quarter organic revenue growth of 3% compared to the third quarter of 2023, which came in at the high end of our third-quarter guidance. Our team continues to build upon our foundation for long-term growth by delivering new products and customer experiences, while swiftly working through the temporary challenges to get us back on track. I want to touch on the action items we implemented in the third quarter and the strong progress we've made on the core issues identified. Together, these updates demonstrate that we are rebuilding momentum to solidify our growth as we head into 2025. Beginning with our US sales force expansion, we are pleased to report progress and positive momentum as we move to apply learnings from the initial rollout and improve our commercial execution. As we anticipated, our productivity metrics improved over the course of the third quarter as we implemented several changes to strengthen our sales effectiveness. Importantly, new customer starts returned to record levels in the third quarter as we gained greater traction in new and existing physician offices. We are now encouraged to report that since the expansion of the sales force in April, we have seen our prescriber base expand by nearly 35,000 clinicians. While the impact of these new relationships is not fully reflected in our third-quarter results, they represent a meaningful expansion in a few short months and set us up very well as we work to build on this momentum in Q4 and into 2025. Regarding our DME partnerships, we have worked quickly to refocus on those partnerships and ensure that our teams are aligned to the strategic importance of all channels in the US. Our leadership connected with our counterparts at the DME distributors in the last quarter to listen and collaborate on strategies that are mutually beneficial. Through this process, we found opportunities to better partner with these teams in the field as we collectively simplify workflows and provide a greater customer experience for all. While we still have work to do, we're in a far better position today than we were three months ago. These partnerships are a core part of our strategy and we are confident in our ability to drive meaningful growth that accrues to both us and these channel partners. We've also executed at a high level within our international markets. We saw third quarter revenue growth accelerate from the second quarter levels in nearly all of our direct markets driven by stronger new patient performance and the expanded availability of our G7 and DexCom ONE+ product platforms. This included the launch of G7 in Australia at the end of September, bringing our latest G-Series technology to our customers who have been eagerly awaiting its arrival. And we continued the expansion of our DexCom ONE+ system, which leverages our G7 hardware platform with a differentiated app experience. We've now introduced this technology in 19 countries with France being the latest addition in the third quarter in advance of the start of national reimbursement, including basal coverage in early October. This provides reimbursed access to more than 600,000 people in this important market. We also saw Japan return to growth in the third quarter, with our new sales organization gaining momentum in this critical market. While it is not yet a large component of our international revenue, our team is making strong inroads with the clinical community and building awareness among the more than one million potential customers who have access to DexCom CGM. In fact, we recently delivered our highest new customer start month since entering Japan in 2019 and we build on this progress in the coming quarters and years ahead. During the quarter, we were also thrilled to launch our newest product, Stelo in the US market. Stelo's launch represented a pivotal moment in the diabetes care and metabolic health landscape as now any adult in the US can access a DexCom Biosensor. It also provides a glimpse into the future of the broader care paradigm as more personalized solutions can encourage better lifestyle management and enable clinicians to make more informed therapy decisions. We are already hearing this exact feedback from our earliest adopters. Many of these individuals are engaging with their glucose data for the first time and sharing stories of how Stelo has changed their behavior and provided greater accountability in their lives. They are also sharing positive feedback on all stages of the product experience, everything from ordering through our e-commerce platform, the speed of delivery by Amazon Fulfillment, engagement with the software interface, and a seamless reordering process through our subscription model. And in DexCom tradition, we are listening to customers and are already working to innovate the Stelo experience and meet the distinct needs of people with pre-diabetes or Type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin. Even with the product being targeted to those populations, we've seen plenty of inbound interest for people looking to take advantage of the OTC opportunity early in their metabolic health journey. Across these cohorts, currently around half of our customers have signed up for Stelo subscription, which is encouraging to see this early in a product launch. We have historically found that greater CGM usage can lead to improved health outcomes and we'll be tracking this closely as the market further develops. In October, we also began our initial expansion of distribution options for Stelo. To start, we've broadened our sales presence and increased our partnerships by providing several of our core DME partners access to Stelo on their platforms. This gives them yet another great product to engage and more fully broadly serve the diabetes community. We've also initiated our first B2B sales of Stelo. This includes direct sales to certain clinicians as one of the first requests that we heard at the outset of Stelo's launch was the desire from clinicians to have Stelo available for sale within their practices. We've been very encouraged by Stelo's launch thus far, and this is only the beginning. Stelo will continue to adapt and evolve as we incorporate functionality that personalizes the experience for our customers. Finally, our team is always working to enhance customer experience across our platforms and we recently took another exciting step forward on this journey. Following the completion of the necessary clinical work, we submitted our DexCom G7 15-day CGM system to the FDA for review. This has been a top priority across the organization and we're looking forward to bringing this product to market as soon as possible. We will have more to discuss around this product and its commercial rollout in the months ahead. In summary, the team has worked tirelessly to respond to the dynamics that emerged earlier this year. We're moving quickly and putting in place the pieces to help us return to the growth levels we expect from ourselves. And just as important, even as we work through these near-term dynamics, we continue to manage this business for the long-term. With that, I'll turn it over to Jereme.
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial measures presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as the slide deck on our IR website. For the third quarter of 2024, we reported worldwide revenue of $994 million compared to $975 million for the third quarter of 2023, representing growth of 2% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes the impact of foreign exchange in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing 12 months. US revenue totaled $702 million for the third quarter compared to $714 million in the third quarter of 2023, representing a decline of 2%. This reflected the compounding effect of slower new customer starts from Q2, along with a decline in our revenue per customer due to shifting channel dynamics and higher rebate eligibility compared to a year ago. This eligibility component alone created a year-over-year negative impact of approximately 6 points of growth in the US. With rebate eligibility now near 100%, we expect this impact peaked in Q3 and we'll moderate over the next couple of quarters. In the DME channel, we experienced some incremental share loss during the quarter as we had contemplated in our previous guidance. However, we were encouraged to see these trends stabilize late in the quarter as our team worked quickly to better align with these partners in the field. As Kevin mentioned, the DME channel is a core part of our strategy and we are working collaboratively with our distributors to unlock meaningful growth. International revenue grew 12%, totaling $292 million in the third quarter. International organic revenue growth was 16% for the third quarter. We saw an acceleration in many of our core international markets in Q3 as we expanded availability of G7 and DexCom ONE+ across our footprint. With our leading product portfolio and the growing evidence of health outcomes driven by DexCom CGM, we continue to see significant opportunity to expand reimbursed access to our CGM systems in international markets, particularly in the Type 2 intensive and Type 2 Basal categories. Our third quarter gross profit was $625.9 million or 63% of revenue compared to $64.7 of revenue in the third quarter of 2023. During the quarter, we incurred a $24.6 million non-cash charge on inventory related to some build configurations that we determined were not appropriate for commercial launch. We excluded this from our non-GAAP results for the quarter. We've made significant progress in transitioning our installed base to the G7 form factor with new pump integrations and the continued rollout of DexCom ONE+. This has enabled us to further scale our high-volume manufacturing facilities, which positions us well as we work towards our long-term cost targets. Additionally, Kevin noted that we recently filed our 15-day G7 sensor with the FDA for review. This potential clearance will provide us yet another compelling cost lever into 2025 and beyond. Operating expenses were $413.9 million for Q3 2024 compared to $391.5 million in Q3 2023. Operating income was $212 million, or 21.3% of revenue in the third quarter of 2024 compared to $238.9, or 24.5% of revenue in the same quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA was $300.1 million, or 30.2% of revenue for the third quarter compared to $314.5 million, or 32.3% of revenue for the third quarter of 2023. Net income for the third quarter was $179.9 million or $0.45 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents. This cash position, along with our growing free cash flow profile, provides us a lot of financial flexibility. We took advantage of this during the third quarter as we quickly executed our previously announced $750 million share repurchase program during the quarter. Turning to guidance. We are maintaining our 2024 guidance in the range of $4.00 billion to $4.05 billion, representing organic growth of 11% to 13% for the year. With the third quarter playing out as expected, our guidance reflects a continued ramp in our US sales force productivity, while we continue to work through some of the channel and rebate dynamics discussed above. Through this ongoing execution, inclusive of record new patient starts in the third quarter and our continued rollout of Stelo, we are building momentum as we enter 2025. For margins, we are reaffirming our 2024 guidance of non-GAAP gross profit margin of approximately 63%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 20%, and adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 29%. With a full quarter now under our belt since resetting our 2024 guidance, we remain on track to achieve the $4.6 billion revenue and corresponding margin targets embedded in our 2025 long-range plan. With that, we can open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Jereme. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on the filing of the 15-day and the progress in the quarter. It does sound like you feel confident in the progress you have made. US did though come in a little bit below consensus. I'm sure there are some modeling dynamics there that we just got wrong. But I was just curious if you could give any more color on the progress made as we move through the quarter in August and September. And maybe anything you can say about the run rate exiting the quarter or what you can say about sort of where you are with DMEs from a share perspective, any other color you can add would be great. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Danielle. This is Kevin. I'll take that one. We knew that this quarter was going to be a tad rocky. That's why we guided where we did and we overachieved on -- came in at the top-end of that range. So we feel good about that. As we exited the quarter, there's a lot of good things that we saw. First of all, the growth and development of the sales organization really took a turn up over the course of this quarter as people got more familiar with their territories, their relationships with their physicians, and all those other factors required when you make the changes like we made. You see that in the new patient adds being at record level and that really was happening over the course of the last part of this quarter. So it was very strong in latter half of August and in September. On top of that, we talk about the 35,000 new prescribers that have been added through the course of this quarter. And while when you add a new one, it's not 10 new users at the same time, it's certainly one. And we now have the prescriber base sized out to where we hoped it would be when we did this field expansion to whereby we can begin to go deeper and we believe that's going to be very helpful. On the DME side, we talked about things stabilizing. Things did stabilize. We had estimated and Jereme said earlier in his remarks that we continue to lose a bit of share. The first two months of the quarter, we saw things start to stabilize in September. And that was a positive note. The other thing that's very positive for us going forward for the sales team is the Stelo message because as they're calling on more primary care physicians and those who see people with Type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes, who are on insulin that Stelo message rings loud and clear and offers these physicians a great opportunity to enhance the care model for their patients. It also enables those physicians to see if in fact it's a more severe patient that they have access to the G-Series. At the end of that, with this momentum, we feel real good about the implied sequential growth into the fourth quarter in the US, like it's higher than what we've had in the past. And that's even without a Stelo contribution. So we feel very good going forward, Danielle, to the rest of this year and rolling into '25 based on what we saw as the quarter finished.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Kevin, when we aggregate your Q3 results with Abbott, it looks like the US CGM market slowed to about 10% from over 20% in the first half of this year and high 20s before that. So there's still concerns that the CGM market is slowing. Is the 10% or so market growth in Q3 a good number going forward? Or are there one-time items in the third quarter that you think depressed the market? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: I believe in general, again, our numbers, we had to deal with the factors we pointed out on the last call with channel mix shifting and things of that nature. So we believe that our numbers are lower, like we said, based on our execution that we needed to make better and the things we disclosed last time. We're still very bullish on the category, Larry. We believe the market can grow faster than that going forward and we want to get back in. Basal coverage is still early on and we have many other people on intensive insulin, who still don't use CGM. So there's plenty of market to go after. We don't believe it's just a 10% grower. Again, when you add the two of us together, that's where we are, but we believe our performance will pick up going forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Matt Taylor: Hi, thank you for taking the question. I was hoping you could help us understand or benchmark your progress a little better versus some of the things that you said in Q2, like, do you still expect to get the same new starts in Q4 that you did before? And can you talk about whether you think the low-end of the long-range plan is still in play in 2025?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Matt. I can answer those. When we talked last time, we talked about a few things that we expected to play out. One was we saw that we were a little bit behind in terms of the productivity in the sales force, and we were a bit behind where our new patients were. And we said we were going to be about three months behind, and I think you're seeing that play out. And so when you look at the performance this quarter, record new patients in the third quarter, I think you're seeing us perform that way and we expect obviously to do better in the fourth quarter as we get more and more effective over time. Now we said we were about three months behind, and so we won't necessarily be where we initially thought starting the year, but we are in line with the guidance we gave last time we spoke, and we're making progress as we said. In terms of the long-term guide, I think you heard it in my comments. We're on track to hit our long-term guide. We said basically, we are on track to hit our $4.6 billion in the same margin targets we gave based on what we're seeing in the business today, which is obviously record patients this quarter, stability in the DME channel some of the productivity, of course, in the sales force. Certainly outside the US, you saw our international results accelerate a little bit and we have more opportunities opening up over the course of this year and into next year. We feel good about where we're going and we haven't even really talked about Stelo. Stelo is going to be a real interesting opportunity for us going forward. We've got a couple of months under our belt. Great progress to date. And looking forward to sharing more and more as time moves on with Stelo.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Maybe two follower -- or two-parter if I could. Just, first question, just as you talk about the record new starts in the US, is that with or without Stelo? I'd appreciate understanding that. And then as kind of a tie-in to that, with the volatility in the last quarter or two, I'm sure my patient model is off a little bit. But when I look at least what my model spits out, it says that your patient volumes in the US -- your installed-base, I'm sorry, in the US is probably up somewhere around 27%, 28% year-over-year this quarter, you did the negative 2% US revenue growth. So I guess I'm -- is there any way to help us bucket kind of that 25 to 30 point spread between what I think your installed base grew in the US and what your revenue grew? I know you talked about the 6 points of headwind from rebates, is there anything else to help us kind of bridge that 25 to 30 point gap? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, I can take that. So first off, record new patients does not include Stelo. So we're excluding Stelo. This is really our G-Series/T-Series, call it, our insulin product base. So like-for-like apples-for-apples record quarter. So hopefully, that gives you some context there. In terms of where we're going, while we're not necessarily giving our patient base, I think we gave a patient base last quarter and that really implied mid-20% growth in terms of that patient base. Now in the current quarter, Jeff, we are seeing a little bit of the kind of the Q2 performance rolling through in the third quarter. And so as you know, as you think about patient starts, the big kind of tie-in between both patients and unit volume, you really feel it in the subsequent quarter. So if you think 25% last point we gave it, it's a little bit tighter than I think your model is implying. So it's not too, too far off, but it's tighter than that. In terms of then the year-over-year delta, certainly you pointed out rebates. The biggest piece that remains between the two is where folks are getting their product. And we talked about losing share in the DME in the second quarter and to a lesser extent, some here in the third quarter, while the majority of the new patient starts were going through the pharmacy. As that delta takes place over time, it creates a widening based on the channel that we've historically seen. Now as that stabilizes, we expect that to start coming closer over time. But that's the reason why you see that. Our unit volumes are still strong as an organization. We're still excited about this over the longer term, but we needed to navigate through the stabilization of those and I think you saw it in the third quarter. So hopefully, that gives you some context on the model. Big piece of it's going to be that channel shift in addition to rebates, but predominantly channel shift.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions -- I guess, question. I wanted to ask in the DME channel, it sounded like you've stabilized your position there. I was just hoping you could give us a more detailed look as to what exactly you're doing there? Is price a factor? How are you changing the relationships? And is it unreasonable to think that you could get back to where you were two, three, four years ago with your standing with DMEs or should we think about just gradual improvements? Thanks a lot.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, this is Kevin, I'll take that. Some of the actions we put in place, first of all, we obviously met with the leadership of all those companies and listened to them and heard what they had to say. By and large, these partners have served us well. And as far as getting along day-to-day, we do very well. Where we disrupted the apple cart, Robbie, again, is relationships in the field, where we changed literally every single sales territory, the DME rep relationships were lost frequently between our rep in their territory and the DME rep in the corresponding territory. In addition to that, with respect to channel balance, one of the things we learned and one of the perceptions of our DME partners is that we were not balanced that if we had an opportunity to send somebody to the drugstore, we sent them to the pharmacy immediately without checking the DME channel. So we've now encouraged our team to be a lot more channel-agnostic. And if there's an opportunity to go to DME, and it looks like that's going to be a very good alternative for a lot of our patients, we'll pursue that opportunity for those patients and put more business into that channel. These partners and these companies, as I've spoken with them, my conversations have not centered around price, they centered around volume. What these guys want is more patients. We need to get more prescriptions. We need to get more prescriptions sent through that channel. We need to get more prescriptions referred to us through that channel. As we send more their way, we're confident we'll get more back the other way. As we said last call and I'll say again, while we think we stabilized, this is going to take a while to build back up, it's not going to happen overnight. And so we -- but we needed presence in the Type 2 market as well because many of these patients are Medicare Type 2 patients and we haven't been calling out a lot of the physicians in that primary-care community who serve them. Add all those pieces back up, we think we've taken very good steps to shift it in the other direction. We've taken very good steps to get more referrals to put into the pipeline and serve more customers and we believe we're on the right track. One of the other things we've done, by the way, with our DME partners, as we talked about in the call, we've offered them Stelo. They serve a lot of Type 2 patients who may or may not be on insulin, who have other medical conditions. By offering Stelo to these guys, they have an opportunity to market and sell to their very large patient bases even outside of typical diabetes therapies with respect to their help. So we're looking forward to them being a great additional Stelo distribution channel for us as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking the question. Congratulations on submitting the 15-day G7 to the FDA. Could you please give us a little bit of an update on your thinking of, number one, the timing of when that might be approved? And number two, what you think the financial impact will be as we think about our 2025 numbers? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: You know what, I'll start with approval timeframe. We've submitted and we think it's a very good filing, but we won't go too far as far as speculating on when they're going to approve our filing. Conversely, we did submit a Stelo filing with a 15-day product that was very clean with very good data and got it approved very quickly. We would love a fast approval here. And as far as 2025 impact, a lot of that will depend on launch timing and how long it takes us to roll through the customer base and we'll give you more color on that as we go. I'll let Jereme talk about the financial impact.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, obviously, Joanne, you know this one really, really well as we start to go into some of these contracts where it's a monthly fee, that's going to be a big opportunity for us. As of right now, we talk about our long-range plan guide in 2025 and at 65%, and that's where we are. That all being said, we know this is an interesting lever. And so we'll give you more clarity as we start to roll out commercial plans on when we expect those levers to be in the business, but nothing more exciting, as you could imagine, at least in my world of having this opportunity to lever through the business and we're really excited about it as well. So I think the thing we talk about as investors is gross margin, but there's also customers who are really looking forward to the longer extended wear period. And that's another great thing that we're going to offer through this product. A lot of good things coming here really soon.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Polark with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Michael Polark: Good afternoon. My question is on opening Stelo to DMEs and doctors directly. I've been working under the assumption Stelo in the US would kind of go for your lowest price point yet, $100 a patient a month, $1,200 a year. And now if you're introducing a channel in theory, these folks have to earn margins. So can you help me just understand how you're going to price it with DMEs and doctors? In two, three years from now, how much of Stelo are you doing direct versus through these partners in your mind? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. It's a fair question. We've always -- and first-off, really appreciate your note on Stelo earlier. I thought it was -- I'm glad you're wearing it and really appreciate you going through and doing the comparison there. In terms of how we're thinking about partners, we always have thought about partners, and whether those partners are DME providers or bulk purchases or other forms in other different distribution channels, which you can imagine we're looking at, they've all been part of the long-term contemplation. In terms of how we then think about that and how that runs through the financials, remember, on stelo.com, we obviously bear a lot of the commercial work, the shipping work, all the work takes place associated with that. When you go through partners and some of that OpEx goes -- and some of those shipping costs ultimately accrue to the partner as part of the fulfillment and part of their work going on. So when you think about it, we will be pricing. Obviously, they have to get a margin on it. And so we will be pricing it accordingly. At the same time, the cost to us is incredibly low and we ship in bulk and we go from there. It's not too dissimilar from the economies of scales that we saw going through the pharmacy channel, where we knew that it can be it's a very efficient model. So I think you can expect to see that over time. You'd expect to see it as we look at other channels even beyond those, which we're working on as we speak. So it's always part of the plan, but stelo.com will always also be part of the plan. And so I think you can imagine we'll have a few different opportunities, all of which accrue, I think down to the bottom-line operating margin in a very similar manner.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mathew Blackman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon, everybody. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Sayer: Yep.
Mathew Blackman: Okay. I'm curious just how you're thinking about competition in your Type 1 sort of pump integrated segment, particularly next year when there's going to be more competition. And look, I appreciate you probably don't want to be too explicit, but how are you going to defend your position there considering doing head-to-head studies? I'm really just trying to understand what the messaging is going to be to physicians and patients when there's another sensor option out there probably sometime next year. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Well, I'll start. Every study in these AID systems has been done with the DexCom sensor. So there aren't any head-to-head studies. They've all been run with DexCom, at least with our pump partners, and that's the data they publish for their time in range. Look, we serve, several hundred thousand AID system users right now and the results of those AID systems with our partners have been incredibly good. We work very closely with them on a regular basis to talk about the new features we're about to bring on Board. We update our hardware and our app experience, our interfaces with them on a regular basis to enrich the experiences of their customers, and we believe we do that better than anybody else. Over time, our reputation in this market and one of the places we've been always strong is in this Type 1 market because that has been where we have had the largest market share advantage for a very long time and we intend to maintain that through the higher quality of our product. And at the end of the day, it matters. The accuracy of DexCom is tried and trude and proven to these patients. I've been to several -- it's kind of diabetes fundraiser season. I've been to a few fundraiser things that I've seen numerous Omnipod and Tandem users, who are now using G7, certainly the Tandem ones and the Omnipods were starting to switch. Their belief in DexCom and our sensors is incredibly heartwarming. And it's very important to see that is a great customer base for us. And we'll continue to serve it the same way we always have.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask on the 2025, how you're thinking about the US recovery in that '25. I don't know if the US is back to double-digits. I don't know if there's any first half, second half comments you'd like to throw in. And any rebate eligibility in 2025. And I don't know if it includes Stelo or not, just curious if -- I don't know if you reiterated the Stelo guide for '24. I would just love some color on that.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Sure. Yeah, I'll give you some of the commentary. So certainly, it assumes a stable market moving into 2025, so stable adoption, stable penetration trends moving from '24 into '25. It also assumes stable, not necessarily winning share back, but stable trends to the DME share and then certainly us continuing to do well in the retail channel, which we've seen over the past quarter, and we expect to see for the rest of the year. It does include Stelo. And we've considered a bunch of different ranges and opportunities. You can probably imagine, given we're only a couple of months into launch, there's multiple different opportunities and ranges. Kevin alluded to two different channels we're launching right now across both DME and Bulk. And you can imagine there's a few more channels we'll be launching here over the coming months, which we're all really excited about and going into a holiday season. This will be a first ever US OTC holiday season with the Stelo out there. So there's a lot of things we're going to learn over the course of the coming weeks before we give it. We've taken in contemplation all of those range stability in terms of what those numbers are and felt good about the $4.6 billion number. And so it includes all of that. And so, hopefully, that answers the question, of course, we'll give you some more clarity by quarter as we get into the end of the year. But you can probably imagine just given comps what you can do the math on what comps would look like. And we obviously have a little bit more challenging comps in the first half, a little bit easier comps in the back half, certainly, as we're talking about Q3, but nothing funky there, just naturally lapping comps. The rebate question, you got -- you're 100% correct, 100% rebate is assumed and so you won't necessarily have that headwind.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marie Thibault with BTIG. Your line is open.
Marie Thibault: Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess I want to follow up on the rebate issue. I think I heard -- maybe I missed it, but I think I heard it was 6 points of impact to growth in Q3. What's being assumed in the Q4 guide for points of impact from the rebate issue?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, it's less than that. And so I think that number was going up as we moved into Q4 of last year. We don't have an exact number to give in that guide. Obviously, we generally don't guide specific items like that, but it won't be 6 points. It obviously peaked into Q3. It's going to be less in Q4. And so, I think you can safely assume that. Again, haven't given a specific number yet, but again, if the models are -- you'd expect that the ASPs will be pretty consistent moving in from Q3 to Q4 because we do have them at 100% rebate rate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Matthew OBrien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. And maybe just a follow-up on the '25 outlook, Jereme, $4.6 billion, that's about, I don't know, something like $500 million of growth absolute year-over-year. You've done that before. You would have done that this year without the mix headwinds. But this time around, you're going to be trying to do that kind of growth with patients that maybe aren't going to use products as much Basal, Stelo, et cetera. So how do you kind of deconstruct getting that kind of absolute growth next year on top of the fact that you're going to have some competition on the pump side of things, and then maybe a little bit of price on the DME side of things? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Sure. And, look, I think and appreciate the comments. Certainly, Stelo -- and we've always assumed that in our modeling is you're not necessarily going to have the same retention utilization in Stelo. But Stelo is a brand new category for us. So you got to remember the comps relative to next year to this year are certainly different. As you step back and you think about a record new patient quarter this quarter, and obviously, as our sales force continues to get more and more productive, you're going to expect to add more patients next year. So when you think about it in terms of just net absolute dollars, when you say, well, gee, there are new patients added -- record new patients in our core insulin business, as that rolls forward and more access opens up, you're going to have more opportunity there. And so, I would expect that as we moved into 2025. On top of that, you're going to have a new product launch in Stelo in the US that can also contribute as well. So when you think about both of those, you're not wrong in the sense that Stelo utilization and retention should be lower, but it's going to be against the backdrop of really no revenue in the first half of the year and only partial revenue here in the third quarter of the year. So hopefully, that gives you some context towards it -- in terms of growth of the overall business. And that's why we -- as we've gone through it, we felt good about reiterating that LRP.
Kevin Sayer: I guess the other thing I'd add, Jereme, we have a 15-day product to launch in 2025 as well, which we believe will a great -- will be a great revenue enhancer for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Bill Plovanic: Great. Thanks. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just on Stelo, I think the original guide was $40 million this year. Just commentary on that. And then are you seeing with initial usage, can I -- I think this as a potential as a kind of a gateway product for you. Have you seen any Stelo be diagnosed pre-diabetes or Type 2, and transfer into the G7 product? And if so, kind of what are your kind of expectations for that as well? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, this is Kevin. I'll take all of those. I don't know that we've necessarily seen a lot. And I mean, we've heard some anecdotal stories, but we haven't seen a massive trend of people diagnosed. But what we have seen is as our reps have gone into primary care offices, with the Stelo message, we then find out they have people with diabetes who actually have coverage for G7 and they can get one that's reimbursed and insured. So that has led to much better and much more positive conversations with our sales force as they go into new offices. We believe that's a trend that actually could play out very well over the course of the year. That's why we designed this app and this experience for those with pre-diabetes and Type 2 diabetes non-insulin rather than a straight health and wellness play. We felt that was the most lucrative market for us to go after first because we could migrate those patients to a reimbursed solution over time, if in fact, they do have diabetes. With respect to our revenues for the year, we projected 1% of revenues and we can extrapolate that to $40 million. Our goal in launching Stelo this year is to learn, whether that's $30 million or $40 million, the most important thing is that we learn what to do. Our learnings have been spectacular. Amazon fulfillment was the first big learning as several people I talked to ordered the first day we put it on the market, got it the next morning. We've never experienced anything like that at DexCom. At the same time, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've had positive feedback on the app, we've had positive feedback on the website. We've also had some things that we've been told we can do better with respect to our customer service model as a lot of these people have never interfaced with a product like this. We will learn as we go to more distribution channels and we get again to a more diverse group of people over and over again. We've got a base right now of over 70,000 users on our product we launched a couple of months ago. That's a huge success for us as far as we're concerned. We've given our guidance for the quarter. We've reaffirmed it. Stelo right now for us is a huge success and we are really looking at things we can do to enhance the experience of those users going forward to make it more sticky and to add more. So far, so good with Stelo we're very pleased.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon. I have a few questions that require short answers. I just wanted to come back to the new user add commentary. Just for clarification, this was a record for 3Q, or any quarter? Did the comment apply to both US and international? And have you seen any notable change in attrition? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, so it's a record for any quarter, Jason. We generally don't break out US, OUS, but it's a record for any quarter, not 3Q, but any quarter. In terms of attrition, we haven't seen many changes in attrition by category. So we've generally talked about the bands where you have insulin-intensive users have traditionally stayed in a band, you have the basal user that traditionally stays relatively close and they're kind of clustered in there into that same band. And then we all know that the non-insulin user tends to be in a band of its own. Those continue to remain very similar categorically.
Operator: And your next question comes from Joshua Jennings with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Jennings: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just was hoping you could help us think through the risk of persistent channel mix-shift from DME to pharma with two pump players looking to access the pharmacy channel for their own products. I guess the two-part question is, one, I mean, is the Omnipod 5 share gains and that access to the pharmacy channel driving some of the mix-shift you're seeing? And do you think it's a risk that these other two players are going to be accessing the pharmacy channel over the next 12, 18, 24 months? Thanks a lot.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that. Jereme, you can add to my comments when I'm done. We've seen such a major shift of our volumes to that pharmacy channel, particularly on the commercial side where many of these pumpers reside that the DME commercial channel is not near as large a segment for us as it used to be. The majority of our DME business certainly is in Medicare and in the government channel. And so if -- as others seek reimbursement and others seek distribution in the pharmacy channel, we're well-positioned to serve that. If we can get -- again as long as we're channel agnostic and our users can get their product where they want to and get it in a manner that's efficacious for them and have a great experience, we will remain channel neutral on that front.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And just as a reminder, the Medicare fee-for-service channel, i.e. the non-Medicare Advantage channel is reimbursed via Part B, i.e, DME. And so it won't necessarily shift to the pharmacy anytime soon. So there's a certain limitation on what you could expect even within the DME channels because of the reimbursement schemes as they exist today. So hopefully, that's helpful at least in thinking about the persistence of any sort of change there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shagun Singh with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Shagun Singh: Great. Thank you so much. So just given the leadership transition in the US, can you talk about your confidence in the commercial strategy getting into 2025? And then more specifically on Stelo, what's your plan for accelerating this launch in 2025? And then on the G15 -- G7 15-day sensor, how are you preparing ahead of the launch including with respect to supply? Thank you for taking the question.
Kevin Sayer: Okay. Let me start with the 15-day product. Again, this will be manufactured on our current manufacturing lines and put together the same way the current 10-day product is manufactured. We already manufacture a 15-day product in our Stelo product. So we're not concerned about having capacity to build a 15-day sensor. It's a question of when we turn it on and how much inventory we build in advance and what markets we serve with that product. With respect to Stelo and expansion, a couple of things going on there. Number one, we have a number of scheduled enhancements to the Stelo app over the course of 2025 and even through the course of 2024 to make this a much richer experience for those who use it. So you'll see a steady stream of things come with Stelo. And also again, Jereme and I both have talked about additional distribution channels where that product can be very well-positioned and sold to potential Stelo seller end-users. So you see distribution channel expansion. Remember, our US sales force has only had one sales cycle to talk about stelo end offices yet. They will continue to talk about that in offices and we'll get more and more coverage there with respect to knowledge on the physician's part over the course of 2025. Familiarity will breed growth and we've got to get that message in front of people more than once to get them to go there. With respect to the commercial change, look, we'll miss Teri. She's done a great job here. At the same time, we have a lot of good leaders in this organization. As I said earlier, I've spent quite a bit of time with the Head of Sales and Marketing reported me directly for a while before Teri came. So I'm familiar with this and we have a great team of leadership with the company. We will quickly find a new Chief Commercial Officer to head this group. At the same time, I'm not concerned about the leadership of my US team. They're very, very good and very strong and very experienced in the industry. We will work very hard not to disappoint. We're fine.
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Nephron Research. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. I want to ask a couple of questions about the 15-day sensor. Jereme, are there any incremental costs associated with that product or at scale should have the same cost profile as the current version? And then I know you guys took your time moving that forward because you really wanted to optimize durability. Do you expect the survival to full wear time to be similar to what patients are experiencing today?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. So I'll start with the second one. We expect the durability to 15-day to be solid. And when I say solid, obviously, any additional days you wear a sensor, you always run into more risk and chance. But we got it to a point where we believe the survivability is going to be very well-received by the community. And so that's the work -- that's the expectation as it launches. In terms of the product itself, the standard cost really doesn't change at all. Certainly, we will be mindful of some of the changes we're making across the board in terms of just adhesives and things that you're already seeing starting to play through our product, but the standard cost doesn't change. To the extent that we add a little bit there for warranty here and there just because what can go wrong over five more days, whether it knocks off an arm or you just sweat it out. We'll always be mindful of those types of things, but the standard cost shouldn't change too much. So there's real opportunity here for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mike Kratky with Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Mike Kratky: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking our question. To what extent did you benefit from competitor CGM shortages towards the end of the quarter in the US? Can you help quantify how much of an impact this may have had on your US growth in 3Q, if any? And does your current revenue guidance assume any potential contribution from that dynamic in 4Q?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. We had heard about some of the disruptions here and there. And at the end of the day, everybody goes through these types of things. What we ultimately expect at the end of the day is, you have to write a script. When you write a script, it has to be branded. And when you write that script, you ultimately go fulfill it. And so we didn't necessarily expect it. We didn't see anything necessarily change. Or what we really saw was our sales force getting out there and getting more interest in DexCom. Obviously, folks go through these challenges and they come and they go, I don't know that it changed all that much. I don't know that changed our trajectory. I think what you really saw was and we're seeing it in our metrics is our sales force has done a really nice job bringing in new physicians and really getting the message in front of them in conjunction with both our G7 as well as Stelo. That's what you saw.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Your line is open. And, Matt, please check your mute button. And hearing no response, we will move to our next question from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. You talked about part of the improved international performance in the quarter coming from the turn in Japan as you guys took over. Looking into 2025, can you talk about what you see as the biggest drivers internationally?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. This is Kevin. I'll start. We've opened up a tremendous amount of access across the world over the past several months. I said in my prepared remarks, for example, we just launched DexCom ONE in France in October, where reimbursement is now opened up and we have access to 600,000 more individuals. In Japan, there's access to a million individuals. Both of these markets include Basal insulin as well. We're seeing access wins in several of the EU markets that are more mature on the intensive insulin side particularly with respect to Type 1, opening up access slowly to Basal patients and having this Basal opportunity come forward. Additionally, a lot of these markets don't even access intensive insulin use for Type 2 patients, and access is coming there as well. So access will be a big driver in the markets that we serve more than anything else over 2025.
Operator: And your next question comes from Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Patrick Wood: Brilliant. Thank you for taking the question. Just curious for the record new starts and just what you've seen in the business overall. If you could give any qualitative commentary between what you've seen within Type 1 versus Type 2? I know Stelo mix is not up a little bit, but just the kind of the sources of growth and how those markets split the health of them? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah, we can answer that. And what the record new patient starts exclude Stelo. So I think it's helpful to know that when Kevin alluded to 70,000 folks using Stelo, that's not in the numbers we're quoting around record new patients. And I think what -- so I think what you're seeing now is you're continuing to see a pretty robust adoption really in all categories. Your intensive insulin continues to lead the way across T1 and T2 intensive insulin. And we expected that coming into the year, but basal continues to also be relatively strong. And what you're seeing more and more of as we deeper dive into these physicians where a lot of basal patients are seen. That's where a lot of our work was taking place over the course of the third quarter in terms of getting back to productivity, and you're starting to see more and more of that. So it's really broad-based across the insulin-using population. You are seeing a lot of nice uptake in the non-insulin and health and wellness population in Stelo, but that's not included in our record new patient number.
Operator: And your next question comes from Issie Kirby with Redburn-Atlantic. Your line is open.
Issie Kirby: Hi, guys. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate it is only a couple of months since the launch with Stelo, but would love to hear any early insights you have around reordering, retention rate, and also any sort of color you can give on returns and reliability of the product. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, this is Kevin. I'll start with that. With respect -- I said earlier, 50% -- at least 50% of our individuals signed up on the subscription model. And reordering has just begun. We're happy with reordering rates right now. So that's going very well. But it's early. We have more to learn there. With respect to retention and with respect to reliability and customer interface, this has been great for us. We have a completely different service model with Stelo with what we call Stelo bought online and we've learned a lot through that. We've learned that there are some things we can do better that we've learned that there are some things that worked very well. We're trying to develop a much more efficient, easy service model for these customers just given the nature of this business and things we can learn and apply to our core business later on. As we hear from these users, we are learning also that a consumer market has different expectations for a glucose sensor than somebody who has intensive insulin therapy. Somebody on intensive insulin therapy knows that physiology comes into effect from time to time and the sensor may turn off it seven days. Just say this doesn't work anymore. But they depend on that sensor for their life. So they, okay, this turned off at seven days. I can deal with that. Well, when you're a consumer and you buy a Stelo and turned off it seven days, hey, I just paid for this. Why is this turning off it seven days? So we are learning how to deal with that patient and that individual, that customer to create the proper experience. That's why I said earlier, the most important thing of the Stelo launch is that we learn that we learn a model that will delight our customers when they use this product. And if they choose to use this product three or four times a year, then let's make sure we create an experience that is delightful three or four times a year. If we do a good job, hopefully, we can keep on the product all the time and have continuous use. It's still early to tell how usage and retention and all that's going to be because we're just a couple of months into the launch now. But we're seeing reorders, we're seeing people sign back up on subscriptions to get more at a rate that it's very, very good with respect to our expectations.
Operator: And your next question comes from Margaret Kaczor Andrew with William Blair. Your line is open.
Macauley Kilbane: Hi, everyone. This is Macauley on for Margaret. Thanks for taking our question. Just a follow-up on some of the earlier questions on the LRP. You previously mentioned, call it, 70%, 30% US OUS sales split. Does that imply a larger OUS contribution now in order to hit the low end at the $4.6 billion? And maybe just a follow-up on the 15-day durability. Stelo, I think achieved the roughly 80% in the studies, but how does that compare to what you've seen in the first couple of months of the launch? And any commentary on if the 15-day G7 was able to exceed that?
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. So I think in terms of the LRP, as you're thinking about the splits, the splits are roughly that. I mean, there's a lot that goes on in terms of what those numbers are, including now the new Stelo product. And so, we'll -- what I would say is, as you're thinking about growth rates, I'd expect the international business to continue to grow based on the trajectory you're seeing today and the additional wins to continue to do well, and obviously, the US to do well as well as we stabilize our core markets and obviously, Stelo jumps in. So in the general 70% to 30% ballpark, I wouldn't draw necessarily 0.0 lines and get overly stuck up on that. But in general, that's the splits we expect. In terms of how you're thinking about Stelo, it's lasting. How long it last? What we are seeing is quite a few sensors, most sensors lasting the 15 days. We're seeing the performance in the field mirror that of which we've seen obviously in our submissions. It's interesting as more and more people learn how to use the product and it becomes more and more familiar, you see those numbers go up. So you might have seen in the first couple of days, folks unsure of how to use the product, maybe apply it inappropriately, apply it to the wrong place. And we ultimately had to make sure we navigated through some of that education. But we're looking at sensor life and we're seeing sensor life lasting out to those 15 days, and seeing so at a pretty common clip. So we're very excited about that. Obviously, with the G7 15-day, we got to a survival rate we felt good with. And so you could imagine as we're submitting that, it's a number that we feel good with, just like we feel good with the Stelo number. We'll wait to give more data on that as that data becomes available through our submission and hopefully approval here in the near future. You guys will see it. But we are comfortable with what we had in terms of survivability in that submission.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Kevin Sayer, for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: I would just like to thank everybody for participating today and we'll talk to you again at the first of the year on when we start providing guidance for 2025 officially. Have a great winter, everybody, and we'll talk again soon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dexcom Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Abby and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. You may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby, and welcome to Dexcom's second quarter 2024 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question each so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our second Quarter 2024 performance on the Dexcom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor Statement. Some of the statements we will make on today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans, and performance. All forward-looking statements included on this call are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to Dexcom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in Dexcom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and other filings of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this call or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial measures on this call are presented on a non-GAAP basis. This non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our second quarter earnings call for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Before we begin discussing Q2 results, let me state that overall category demand remains strong, and awareness of the value of CGM across the metabolic health spectrum continues to accelerate. This trend was evident at the recent American Diabetes Association Conference, which featured Dexcom's largest evidence to- date in the non-insulin type 2 space. Dexcom research demonstrated significant A1C reduction in multiple studies, as well as real-world evidence showing a time and range increase of greater than four hours per day for nearly 4,000 customers using Dexcom CGM at one year. We are leveraging several pathways of evidence generation to ensure that we are maximizing our market opportunity into the future, as our CGM systems become increasingly tailored to the unique needs of each customer. Despite the positive progress on these fronts, we saw three near-term trends emerge over the course of the second quarter that drove results below our expectations. First, as we have worked through our U.S. salesforce realignment expansion, we have seen our share of new customers fall short of our expectations, despite still strong absolute customer additions. Second, our U.S. revenue per customer has stepped down faster than expected based on two primary drivers, rebate eligibility and channel mix. With G7 coverage emerging faster than expected, we realized greater rebate eligibility relative to initial expectations and compared to 2023 levels. While we believe this enhanced G7 coverage has helped facilitate new customer starts as mentioned above, the pace of these starts did not allow us to offset the temporary impact from this rebate eligibility. We expect the impact of this rebate eligibility dynamic will reach its peak in the third quarter, and Jereme will provide specific color on the Q3 expectations shortly. Beyond the transitory G7 eligibility dynamic, we also saw revenue per customer impacted by U.S. channel mix dynamics. U.S. customer growth has remained strong in our pharmacy business as we expand our reach into primary care and type 2 diabetes more broadly. However, our growth in the DME channel has trailed our plan. The DME distributors remain important partners for us in our business, and we've not executed well this quarter against these partnerships. We need to refocus on those relationships. Finally, our international performance was also lighter than expectations in the quarter. While we delivered strong performance in some of our core markets, such as the U.K. and France, we saw category growth soften in certain geographies as type 1 penetration advances in these regions. We continue to see a significant runway ahead across our international footprint, particularly as we drive greater access for people with type 2 diabetes. To account for these trends and appropriately reflect our base assumption, we've lowered our full-year revenue guidance to 11% to 13% organic growth. We have higher expectations for our business than what we experienced this quarter. We believe we have an incredible product, an incredible future pipeline, and an unparalleled market opportunity. We also have a great team capable of leading this market. But I expect more from myself and more from my team going forward. So, what are we doing to enhance our competitive position and reestablish momentum? It starts with our product portfolio, which we continue to strengthen to put our field sales team in a great position with clinicians. In the second quarter, we expanded our direct-to-Apple Watch connectivity with G7, launching in the U.S. and several additional international markets with this feature that has been among our most requested for several years. We expanded the international launch of the Dexcom ONE+ system, now reaching 18 international markets with our smaller G7 form factor for our Dexcom ONE users. We've built upon the performance of G7, making it even better. This includes a continuation of our monthly cadence of software updates, which included the second-quarter additions of medication logging and the ability to ingest activity data into our G7 app. We've introduced a stronger adhesive to support our customers into the summer months, and we expanded the G7 Bluetooth connectivity range by more than 65%. We advanced Dexcom CGM leadership in the ID space with the launches of G7 integrations with Tandem's Mobi system and Insulet's Omnipod 5. We've strengthened our existing products while preparing for the most expansive product launch in our company's history with the upcoming August launch of Stelo. We are seeing the demand for CGM build in the non-insulin space and consumer use and believe that we've created a unique and engaging system to drive people to better metabolic health outcomes. Our team has worked hard to build a scalable service model for Stelo that will be great for our customers, including the e-commerce experience, seamless delivery through Amazon fulfillment, insightful product features, digital support options, and much more to come. We'll offer both single purchase opportunities as well as discounted subscriptions that bring the monthly cost below $100. Stelo will be a full launch on stelo.com, and we continue to expect approximately 1% of revenue contribution in 2024. We are committed to personalized approaches to metabolic health management through updates like these. This is what will enable us to capture greater share and maintain high rates of retention and utilization across our customer base. We feel that our expanded U.S. sales force positions us very well to reignite our growth opportunity now and well into the future. We have the ability to dive deep into the technological leadership that Dexcom provides for diabetes specialty practices. We have also expanded our reach and ability to highlight the simplicity of our platform and how it fits into a busy primary care practice. We have the advantage of better coverage and the lowest out-of-pocket cost for the insulin population, and soon to be enhanced by the simplicity of the Stelo OTC platform. As we take significant steps to broaden our addressable market well into the future with Stelo and our expanded U.S. sales force, we are also working hard to ensure simplified access to our systems in the markets we serve. In the second quarter, our team worked with the CDC to create new ICD-10 diagnostic codes for problematic hypoglycemia. These codes, which were published in May and go into effect in October, can simplify the process of documenting hypoglycemic events that qualify non-insulin users for CGM coverage. Our international market expansion efforts also progressed into the second quarter as we received coverage in France for people with Type 2 diabetes on basal insulin and began serving these customers in June. We also transitioned to direct sales in Japan at the outset of the quarter and look forward to taking control of our commercial efforts in that crucial market. To summarize, our second quarter performance and 2024 outlook are not up to our standards, and we look forward to better capitalizing on our opportunity as we move forward. With that, I'll turn it over to Jereme
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as the slide deck on our IR website. For the second quarter of 2024, we reported worldwide revenue of $1.004 billion, compared to $871.3 million in the second quarter of 2023, representing growth of 15% on a reported basis and 16% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes the impact of foreign exchange in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $732 million for the second quarter, compared to $617 million in the second quarter of 2023, representing growth of 19%. As Kevin mentioned, we experienced lower than expected new customer starts in conjunction with our sales force expansion and realignment, particularly in the DME channel, as well as near-term impact from pharmacy eligibility changes, which lowered our revenue per customer relative to our expectation. Together, these dynamics adversely impacted our revenue this quarter by approximately $40 million as compared to our internal estimate. Based on the compounding effect of these lower second quarter new customer starts, we also expect our growth rates in the back half of the year to be impacted. To offset this, our team is working aggressively to improve our execution and deliver the higher market share levels that we believe our product deserves. International revenue grew 7%, totaling $272 million in the second quarter. International organic revenue growth was 10% for the second quarter. While we anticipated our international growth to slow this quarter as we lapped our very strong performance from Q2 2023, our results came in lighter than expected. Our miss on new customers impacted us by approximately $10 million on the quarter. Our international performance can often ebb and flow based on coverage decision and distributor purchases, but as Kevin mentioned, there remains a long runway ahead for Dexcom CGM globally. We continue to invest in infrastructure to expand our geographical presence, provide compelling evidence to expand market access in new segments of key markets, and leverage our product portfolio to meet the unique needs of various customers and health systems. Our second quarter gross profit was $638.1 million, or 63.5% of revenue, which was in line with the 63.5% of revenue we delivered in the second quarter of 2023. We continue to see further migration of our customer base from G6 to G7 in the second quarter as we finalize new pump integrations and transition Dexcom ONE to the G7 form factor. Between this ongoing customer transition and continued ramp up of our high-volume manufacturing facilities in Mesa and Malaysia, we are making steady progress towards our long-term cost targets. Operating expenses were $442.7 million for Q2 of 2024, compared to $395.1 million in Q2 of 2023. Operating income was $195.4 million, or 19.5% of revenue, in the second quarter of 2024, compared to $158.4 million, or 18.2% of revenue, in the same quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA was $283.9 million, or 28.3% of revenue, for the second quarter, compared to $232.6 million, or 26.7% of revenue, for the second quarter of 2023. Net income for the second quarter was $174.3 million, or $0.43 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with greater than $3.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents. And based on our strong cash position, consistent free cash flow generation, and ongoing growth opportunities, we are announcing an authorization for a share repurchase program of up to $750 million. Turning to guidance. Starting with full year 2024, we are decreasing our revenue guidance to a range of $4.00 billion to $4.05 billion, representing organic growth of 11% to 13% for the year. As mentioned earlier, the compounding effect of our slower-than-expected new customer growth in the U.S. DME channel and international business, as well as increased pharmacy eligibility, resulted in the need to recalibrate the guide. Our updated guidance reflects these dynamics and assumes a longer ramp in productivity in our U.S. sales force. For margins, we are reducing our non-GAAP gross profit margin guidance to approximately 63%, while maintaining our prior guidance on non-GAAP operating margin and adjusted EBITDA at approximately 20% and 29%, respectively. In addition to our annual guidance, we are providing two additional data points to help investors and analysts understand some of the unique elements impacting our revised guidance in 2024. First, the impact to new patients from our sales force initiative, combined with our revenue per customer trends that Kevin detailed, will change the historical seasonality pattern that we have typically experienced. These impacts are expected to reach their peak in the third quarter, with total revenue expected to be between $975 million and $1 billion. In conjunction with this revenue outlook, we thought it would be helpful to provide a mid-year update on our global active customer base, which we now estimate to be between $2.5 million and $2.6 million. This represents strong growth over where we finished 2023, though the growth percentage has decelerated slightly. Our hope is these updates will provide additional visibility as our team works to implement several of the areas of focus that we have aligned on over the past month, and as our sales force continues to ramp their efficiency. With that, we can open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Jereme. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan is on the line with a question. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks. I have a lot more than one, but I'll keep it to one. Guidance moving down about $400 million, so I appreciate a few million here or there, but, I mean, this is such a step change in the business and the outlook and the trends. You know, medtech companies split sales forces all the time and grow them. You've done it multiple times. I'm just kind of in shock at how big of a disruption and a downward guide it is on a sales force expansion. I feel like there has to be more going on. Maybe you could give us more color into, are basal patients using it less? Are you seeing GLP-1 fears pop up and Type 2 patients not starting on therapy as much? Are you seeing, Abbott and Medtronic take a lot more share? I feel like there's just, we need more explanation for the third and fourth quarter guidance cut behind it. Thanks a lot.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Robbie. I appreciate the question and understand your position. Let me start with, let's go back to the numbers and the things we talked about in our script. We're short a large number of new patients as to where we thought we would be at this point in time, and Jeremy can provide you with the numbers as to what the new patient constitutes. There is a combination of things as far as the new patient shortage. Obviously, disruption on the sales force expansion side. This was a different expansion for us than other ones. In other ones we've done, we literally took territories and just divided them geographically. In this time, we changed roles. We changed positions people called on. It was a much more disruptive expansion we've had in the past, and that did lead to a lot of disruption, particularly at the beginning of the quarter. We saw things getting better towards the end. With respect to the other factors, as far as market share, we said we've lost market share in the DME channel. While we've done well in the pharmacy channel, as you can all see by scripts and scripts that are filled in the pharmacy on the DME side, we've lost share, and that has hurt us. And, again, that is patients, it's including new patients, but it's also, as we're losing in that category, we're also losing the customers who have the highest annual revenue per year as a patient. So you're losing those. And then some of those patients, even though we've lost share in the DME channel, have shifted the pharmacy, but that is at a lower revenue per year number. The last piece of this is rebate eligibility. And again, we expected G7 to have rebate eligibility over schedule that was literally twice as fast as G6. It's been 3x faster. G7 got the full rebate very quickly, quicker than we had planned. So all those things added together, while they had somewhat of an effect on Q2, they have a longer range effect on the rest of the year. So we added all those things together, and that's how we came up with our guide. I'll let Jereme come up with more, if you want to add to that.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So to give some context to the numbers, you're right, Robbie. At the top end of guidance, about a $300 million decline. In Kevin's prepared remarks, we talked about $50 million really impacting the second quarter. Those end up playing out to be a little bit larger as you expand those over the course of the year. So to give you some context, the new patient missing Q2, which we expected to drag out into Q3 as we kind of navigate through those changes, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. We had some new patient misses there. That's about $125 million on the year of that impact. The channel mix and really the loss of share in DME, that's a big one for us, and that's about $100 million over the course of the year. Certainly impacted Q2, but we expect it to impact the rest of the year as well, as those essentially work into full quarters. And then the rebate eligibility happened, again, quicker than we would have expected. Again, eventually you get there. It happened quicker than we expected. That's about $75 million. So we have those up. That's about the $300 million that you see. Certainly not something we're happy about, but in full transparency, we needed to make sure what we saw as we closed out the second quarter, we're transparent about what the impact is for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. That was a super helpful review of the issues. Maybe, Kevin, if you could go through kind of what you're doing to address each of those issues, when you think they'll be resolved. It's not clear to me, for example, losing share in the DME channel, why that's happening and how you reverse that. Just lastly, you have an LRP out there for '25. Is that still valid? Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Let me start with the LRP for '25. Yes, we believe our LRP for '25 is valid, but our revenue will probably come in closer to the lower end of the range rather than the upper end of the range, as we sit here today. But we've achieved incredible progress on the P&L side, our burning margin and EBITDA side, our gross profit side on that LRP. So from a P&L perspective, we're definitely hitting all our goals on the LRP side. As far as fixing all these things and what fixes we have in place, obviously, it's going to be a bit of a process. On the rebate eligibility front, we believe that caps out in Q3, and we plan for this to cap out in Q4. It just happened a couple quarters earlier than we'd planned. So that is very much a temporary thing and accelerated. With respect to DME market share, one of the factors that has actually happened that created part of this is several of the Medicare Advantage programs went to pharmacy reimbursement. So patients who were being served by the DME channel shifted to the pharmacy, and that is a piece of our lost DME share. I can't quantify exactly how much, but that's some of it. Adding to that, we need to refocus on those relationships. We need to do better, and we will talk with them. We have some plans and some things in place to start off there. But it's early. We have to implement them. And again, DME data is really the last piece of the puzzle as far as our revenues. As far as where we get by the end of the year, just given the data sources that we all look at, it's not as simple as the scripts on the pharmacy side. So we're addressing that. We will put more emphasis and time there. We'll send more customers through that channel and do better by those guys. So we'll keep looking. On the international front, another piece to remember, we've got a few things going on there. Timing of some of the tenders affects the numbers. There are some tenders that kick in July 1st that will help on the international growth, and that will be helpful there. We're also looking for Type 2 expansion, as I said on the call. We just got basal coverage in France. That's kicking in. We know some of the other countries are moving towards basal coverage very quickly, and we can play there with our Dexcom ONE+ product. Dexcom ONE+ is still early in the game, and we're seeing that begin to pick up. So there are a number of levers to pull and a number of things we're working on, Larry. I can't quantify each one of them, but suffice to say we're not just sitting here. All right, Jeremy, you want to add to that?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And then maybe below the hood a little bit in terms of how we allocate the investment dollars, Larry. We are reprioritizing and reallocating investments to where we know that it ultimately drives the most bang. So the team is working on that diligently in terms of refocusing where those dollars and those efforts go. So not given the specifics, just given the competitive nature of it, but rest assured there are changes being made underlying the business to ensure that we get back on top of our new patients.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Kevin, maybe following up on your DME comments, you say you need to maybe work on some relationships there. Any color you can give there, and not to air dirty laundry, but I guess in one of our DME checks here recently, we kind of won off the conversation, but it heard that, maybe some of the comments you made about CMS changes and who would bear the brunt of any kind of reimbursement change in 2026 or 2027 would maybe be borne more by DME than you guys. Is it things like that that kind of strain some relationships? What else might have strained relationships? And have there been any kind of formulary changes or anything in DME where they have just wholeheartedly moved patients to Abbott, and it's going to be harder for you to get those patients back going forward? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: I don't think it's been anything formulary or systematic along those lines. I think I need to take... I'll let Jereme take some more details, but let me move you guys back a little bit in time. When we started this journey down pharmacy coverage, we had as a company zero relationships in the pharmacy channel. We worked very hard to develop those relationships because, as you can all see by our numbers and our largest competitors' numbers, that is where a large portion of the business has moved at this point in time. We put a tremendous amount of effort there because we'd never been there before. We didn't have any infrastructure. We didn't have other products there. We didn't have relationships there. I think in creating and building those relationships, we ignored other relationships that were very important to us more than we should have. And so we need to balance that a little better and make sure that our customers get their product through a source that's easy, efficient, and economical for them. We felt, to a large extent, we were doing that, but we think we need to do more. Jeremy, you want to take some more on that?
Jereme Sylvain: No, that's it. And, Jeff, to your comment on if there's any CMS changes in terms of reimbursement down there, we certainly did not say that. I think that was maybe a competitor that said that. What we had said was we're partners, and so if there's any changes in CMS reimbursement as partners, we would look at it as partners. And that would be our expectation going forward. So that was not how we positioned it. But nevertheless, to the extent that those have caused frayed relationships, as Kevin alluded to, we would pay more attention to it irrespective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Margaret Andrew with William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret Andrew: I guess I just wanted to follow up and be clear on the dynamics on the guidance increase. The way you describe it maybe wasn't super clear, at least for me. Are you assuming and continuing to assume lower new patient ads for the rest of the year? Or was that kind of new patient missing Q2 alone driving $125 million of decrease for the year? And then, continuing on that thread, are you seeing any change in some of those new patient ad dynamics or rep productivity on a month-by-month basis that would maybe give you that confidence in recovery? If that is what you're assuming. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, it's a good question. Let me start on that. So, Margaret, the answer is we do expect to see disruption continue into the third quarter. And that's one of the reasons why you're seeing the impact. It's really a bit of a cumulative impact. Obviously, Q2 was a big impact. You know, we've sized it in terms of patients. It was a pretty sizable disruption relative to expectation. It was around 70,000 patients. So it was a pretty big number. Obviously, that rolls through to the rest of the year. But we do expect it to take a little bit of time to recover that. And so there will be there. We have lowered new patient expectations into Q3. And then into Q4, our expectation is we start to get back to where we were. But think about it as a quarter delay, effectively, as a result of some of this disruption on our longer-term plans. And so when you run those numbers, plus you run some expected numbers here in Q3 in disruption relative to expectation, that's ultimately how you get to the figures. In terms of improvement over the course of time, ultimately, you do expect to see that. And we've seen some of that over time. Now, we always expected perhaps a little bit of disruption and some recovery. I would say the disruption is bigger than we would have anticipated. And the recovery is there. But when the disruption is bigger than anticipated, even as you have some of that recovery, again, you're a quarter behind where you'd expect to be. And I expect that to play out as we come next year. So we revised that. We've included that in the guidance. High-level, Kevin, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Kevin Sayer: No, I think that's good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: I guess maybe could you just kind of explain what is the rebate eligibility, what it is, what it means, kind of why it's temporary, why it happened? I think a lot of confusion on that aspect. And I don't know if something happened kind of late in the quarter. It was like you guys, I think, were comfortable with the consensus in June. So I just wanted to ask, does this all kind of come up late in the quarter?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, I can take that. So, when you think about rebate eligibility, over time, you kind of get closer and closer to this 100% eligibility. And it takes a little bit of time. So plans, as they opt into coverage, opt in. So we saw this take place over G6, to a lesser extent G5. We weren't really in the pharmacy then. We saw it take place over the course of G6. And when we launched G7, we assumed it happened about twice as fast as G6. So the assumption is, is more and more folks get access. Therefore, more and more folks are moving through that program. Therefore, you're subject to more and more rebates. And then the offset, of course, is by having more access, you have more volumes. As you can tell by our new patient numbers, we didn't have the volumes, but also the existing patient base was also subject to rebates. And so effectively, it's timing of price as you run through this. It's temporal, meaning you can only rebate up to your entire population, and eventually it gets there. But that's why it's a timing thing. And it just happened, like Kevin was alluding to, three times as fast as G6, not two times as fast as G6. So that's the big piece there. In terms of the understanding of how the quarter was rolling up, you are correct. It did roll up later into the second quarter. You can see our results in the second quarter, while not up to expectations, did not impact the quarter as much as it impacted the full year. And obviously, that was driven by what you saw, the dynamics that played through, really, the second quarter. Kevin was alluding to DME, where there's a big change in, let's say, his share, and where we certainly missed. And that data comes in a little delayed. That was about a four- to six-week delay before we said. So as we've tallied that data, as we're moving into, really, the close of the quarter and into the weeks leading into the call, not only did it make us aware of, certainly, the impact on the quarter, but it was really important for us then to reflect that in the guidance on the year. And so a lot of that data, you're right. It obviously took place over the course of the quarter. We became aware of it, really, as we closed out the quarter. But that's why it's really important to get it in front of it for the guidance for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Matt Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So I guess I wanted to ask if you could give us a little more color, at least qualitatively, on when you expect these issues to begin to heal, to rebound. I don't know if you want to address them separately or together. You've given the back-up guidance. But conceptually, what kind of impact is this going to have on the first half of 2025, when you're comping more normal periods? And when do you think you're going to see the sales force really find its footing, the rebates kind of flush through? Maybe you could flush that out a little bit more to help us model the future.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll start. And again, Jereme, you can add more color. With respect to the rebates, this really caps in Q3. We'd estimated in our own models that we would have full rebate eligibility by the fourth quarter of this year. It just happened, again, a couple of quarters faster than we had planned. With respect to our field sales team and the disruption there, we believe we'll work through that in Q3 and early Q4. And by the time we start 2025, this group should be clicking on all cylinders. And things should go very well there. Another thing that Jereme talked about is reallocation and really examining where we're going to spend the dollars that we spend and the investments we're going to make to maximize the commercial effect of those. Those programs and those decisions are being made now. We'll roll into Q3 and into Q4. And we believe it'll set us up nicely for 2025. We're obviously not given 2025 guidance today. But we feel by the end of the year, the things that we've talked about today, we should have worked through, and we should have a very good idea as to where we're going in the future.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And Kevin alluded to it earlier. We talked about, the question was, is how do you feel about the 2025 LRP and is it still valid? And again, we said, look, we feel it's still valid, albeit at the lower end of it, Matt. So I think that gives you some context. Obviously this year is going to be impacted by these factors. As we work out of those and we work into them next year, Kevin alluded to it, rebates shouldn't be an impact next year. So as we work out of it, as we get closer to the end of the year, we'll give 2025 guidance. But that hopefully gives you some context to our confidence as we move out of this year into next year and getting these things behind us. It shouldn't go unnoticed. Obviously, we're bullish on the business longer term, clearly not happy with the quarter and certainly not happy with the revised guide. So don't mistake it for that. But we do our bullish on the business longer term, hence the $750 million share repurchase authorization. So hopefully that helps square up how we're at least thinking about 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy of UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Just a question on this pharmacy component. And one of the sort of long-term risks here has always been that this becomes a more commoditized market. You look at finger sticks and blood glucose meters, and they're commoditized at this point. And when we hear things like rebates and pressure in the pharmacy, I just want to make sure I understand, is this a competitive dynamic in the pharmacy as well? What's going on there? And why is Q3 the peak? Where's the bottom, I guess, from a pharmacy rebate perspective as you do broaden coverage? Because if this is going to be standard of care, which I still think it is, does that mean at what price? And how should we be thinking about this over the long-term? Sorry if that didn't make a ton of sense.
Kevin Sayer: No, it made perfect sense to me. With respect to our overall pricing, our pricing within channels, when you look at the prices, remains relatively consistent. What has happened in this quarter and what has happened now is more and more people have become eligible for rebates, hence bringing our value per customer down. This was the price that we assumed we would be targeting at the end of the fourth quarter, and we'd be rolling into '25 with. In other periods, we haven't had anything as severe as we have today, obviously, but our new patient growth number would be so high and our volumes would be so high. If something like this happened, we grew through it. And so if a plan like this accelerated, our new patient numbers are so big, Danielle, that we managed through it. In this quarter, you combine the two of them, the increase in the rebates, which gets, again, to a net price very near what we'd expected and modeled. That doesn't mean the bottom of the price is falling out on an overall basis in the channel. It just means more people were subject to rebates than we had before, and we shifted patients from a more profitable DME channel over to that pharmacy. Through some, again, as I talked earlier, the three largest Medicare Advantage plans adopted pharmacy coverage this year. A lot of the Medicaid plans have gone to pharmacy coverage as well. So those plans moving there, necessitated a bit of that move and a bit of those rebates going up. So no, we don't believe we have a price falling out. We believe what we do continues to provide tremendous value to people and does a lot to improve health, save their lives, and all the things we've talked about forever. So this is still a very valuable component in somebody's health, and we'll continue to treat it as such.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wench with Citibank. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: I'm going to pivot a little bit to Stelo. It was 1% of your '24 revenue at one level, and it's still 1% of your '24 revenue, which has been lowered by a couple hundred million. Does this indicate a change in your expectations for the year or anything that we should read into it? I'm just sort of a little curious about that and anything else that you can share as you think about that as building revenue. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: No, it's an integer, and so the whole point there is yes, while the top has come down, 1%, 43 versus 40, at the end of the day, it was all that kind of general contribution. So there was nothing insinuated by that, Joanne. It was just rounded to that integer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: And it is one question, but it's long enough, and I'll tie it all together. I promise. Just clearly, Kevin, your comment about next year's LRP, do you mean the 15% growth, or do you mean 4.6 billion at the low end? Because if it's 4.6 off of 4.57, that's 12% growth. And then within there, the low end of the range, 15% off of even a 12% number this year is an easier comp, so there is a deceleration still factored in there. So what has changed to get us from that kind of 17.5% growth we expect from you guys, typical growth rate guidance, to now this more like 15% or even lower? What's the difference there that we can really anchor onto? Because that's, I think, the biggest challenge for the stock as we think about how it will trade tomorrow. Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Maybe I can start with maybe the next year question. I don't think we've necessarily guided to a number. What we really tried to do is say, here's our LRP. It's still in play. And when I say to the lower end, it's not necessarily the low end or a point estimate within there. It's really to give some context to, as we've already made plans and are looking at next year, we have some, there's confidence in meeting that low end number. And so really, that's really what the goal here is, rather than to set a guide number. Now, your question then coming back to, which is this year's growth, which the organic growth number, obviously 11% to 13% is lower than we've historically seen. Kevin's alluded to it a little bit in the script. This year, a little bit of what I would say is execution, where I think we need to execute better on new patients and execute better in various channels. And so that's something as a team, we have to get our arms around. This year was impacted by a quicker, as we mentioned, a quicker rebate dynamic than we expected. And that's a part of it. Obviously, we lapped that next year. And you can only rebate 100% of your units. So obviously, it stops at some point. And so that piece of it will be transitory. But I think the big key then is getting back to execution and execution on new patients and executing in the DME channel and making sure we have good partnerships there and executing on our channel mix. So that's really the work we have to do. And back to that point, that's one of the reasons we had a little bit of a lapse here. And to the extent that we can get back to it, that allows us to get back to what we hope is what our traditional performance has been.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marie Thibault with BTIG. Your line is open.
Sam Eiber: Hey, good afternoon. This is Sam on for Marie. Thanks for taking the questions here. Maybe I can ask on the DME channel. I recall when you guys were making that shift a few years ago, that volume mix would peak around 20%. I guess is the right way to think about it, closer to 15% now. And then as we think about more M.A. plans shifting to pharmacy, I mean, is there any risk that that could go even lower? Thanks for taking the questions.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. We'd always kind of got, at least in the commercial channels, and we talked, this is really more about the commercial channels. We had always assumed it'd be about 75-25. That was kind of our crystal ball. And as we got there, it started to skew a little bit more. But it didn't drift off of that 75-25 all that much. However, this quarter, as we started to see really what I would say is loss of share, which for us in that channel is a bit unique and something we got to get our arms around. The split in our business was a little more. It doesn't necessarily mean that the overall market split ultimately ends up that way. But it does mean that the shift of our business certainly shifted that way. And so does that number shift down to 85-15? Well, if we take share, no. And that's really on us. So that gets back to the execution question. We need to execute in that channel. And that channel, it's a very important channel for us. And these are very important partners. And they serve a very, very important partnership to our customers. And so we've got to get back into that channel and make sure that we're getting our fair share there. That's really the big driver.
Kevin Sayer: I'd also add, though, there has been a shift in government payer activity from the DME channel to the pharmacy. That actually has happened. And we have to figure out how much that has impacted, our DME mix versus pharmacy mix as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mathew Blackman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mathew Blackman: Jeremy, I think I heard you mention that the new patient shortfall was something in the neighborhood of 70,000. Is there any way to tease that out? I'm sure it's challenging by indication. I mean, the DME share, while it sounds like it may be skewed more to basal patients, potentially, is that fair? And then what about on the sales force dislocation? Just any help on sort of the different pieces of the business?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So the 70,000, the way I think about it is there's a good chunk of that that is OUS. And so there's a portion that's outside the United States. There's a portion that's inside the United States. And it's usually reflective of our patient base in total. So you kind of have our split there. In the US, really, a lot of it is driven by the Salesforce. Now, one of the challenges, of course, is the Salesforce services all different indications. And so as you service all in different indications, you could probably imagine if we're not doing well in the DME, it gets back to your point. We're not doing wonderful in the basal space. That's a big piece of the DME, certainly DME Medicare and the patient base that they service. So that's the way, it's really hard to parse out by category. But when we look into it and we say, gee, we're not doing, we're not taking share in the DME space, you can presume that a lot of that is in that Medicare space. And I think it is fair to say that really across the board disruption, you can assume there's a little bit really across the board, but the biggest piece there by the best way to put it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jason Bedford: Just two quick ones. Appreciate the color on the installed base, but can we assume there's been no real notable change in attrition? And then just on the 3Q guidance, is there not a healthy contribution from Stelo in 3Q or is the 40 million more fourth quarter weighted?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. The Stelo guidance, the Q3 contribution is not overly large. Most of the Stelo revenue is fourth quarter weighted as we, again, plan to launch Stelo in later August. So that's how that one works. With respect to attrition, our retention and attrition by patient category remains similar to what we had in our plans. We know that our Type 1 patient with an automated insulin delivery system is certainly our stickiest and patient with the highest utilization factors as we go down the acuity curve to people on MDI or basal users or even those who are non-insulin users. Utilization goes down, but our retention numbers are still industry standard by a very large margin. And so we're still doing very well there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steve Lichtman: Guys, I wanted to ask again about the sales force integration and just where you are today. Are you seeing signs of stabilization now? And what are you assuming on that front for the guide? And then can you remind us what opportunities you see with this larger sales force that obviously can turn this into a positive ultimately?
Kevin Sayer: We are seeing things beginning to stabilize, but we're also seeing things slower than we'd projected in our own internal models at the start of the year. And as we developed our guidance earlier, hence as Jeremy said, the guidance coming down a bit. So we are seeing things begin to stabilize and they're stabilizing across different categories and geographies. I think the biggest thing to anticipate for us and one of the things class we missed in our plans, we sent a whole bunch of new reps into offices we've never called on before. And there's a get to know you period that we probably didn't estimate being long enough. And so we're taking steps to assist our team and better interactions with those physicians and getting to know them and getting them to trust and use Dexcom. Somebody hasn't prescribed Dexcom, they've got to prescribe one to see how it goes. And we've been going through that cycle during this quarter, and we should be able to increase the prescription patterns of those new physicians a lot more going forward. But there was a lot of getting to know you, for lack of a better word, going on here in the second quarter as this group got out there. We'll have a lot more data at the end of the third quarter. We saw better interactions in May and June, and we'll see how things go from here on out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Polark with Wolf Research. Your line is open.
Mike Polark: I want to ask on your relationship with distributors and the concept of stocking. Last year obviously was a big year with the G7 launch and the basal coverage expansion and there's always a lot of stuff going on OUS. As you look back at '23 as the baseline for building '24, would you frame any of kind of this setback as stocking last year that kind of caused a snafu in your modeling or this year? If you can comment on inventory levels with key partners, are you observing a drawdown of inventory? If there's anything to frame around that, I'd appreciate the color.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, if anything, usually you have these challenges when you launch a product given inventory levels of the old and inventory levels of the new. In all fairness to our partners last year, they did a pretty good job of balancing G6 and G7 inventory levels as they went through their transition. So we didn't have a whole lot in the prior year. This year it's pretty normal and we have inventory levels that generally range in between pretty normal levels. We keep an eye on what's in the channel and they always stay within this really relatively tight band, and we keep it in that band intentionally. And so we've been in that band now and we generally stay in that band. I don't recall a time we've been outside of that band, quite frankly. And so nothing to call out specifically. The bigger issue, and I get what you're getting at, the bigger issue would have been say last year during a window when you had a launch of G7, and folks were gearing up given not sure how much demand would come in. We didn't really have that last year. And again, kudos to everybody that was holding inventory. They did a nice job.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shagun Singh with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Shagun Singh: Just to follow up on the sales force disruption here, you said it was more disruptive than historically because you changed roles. So can you elaborate on that? And then you talked about physicians, changed physicians people are calling on. So is this, are you referring to the PCP channel? And then you also refer to longer time to productivity. Can you give us a sense of how long does it take to get fully productive? It sounds like about two quarters or so because you said you expect them to be fully productive getting into 2025. So is that the case? And then just finally, can you give us an update on the extended wear? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: I was waiting for a science question. So I'll start with extended wear. We've been committed to launching a 15-day product in 2025. And we intend to. Things are progressing well on that front. Stelo will be a 15-day product as well. We will learn a great deal from Stelo with our launch and how that goes. With respect to the sales team, again, that reorganization is much different than what we've done in the past. What we've done in the past is we would look at an area and the total sales volume in an area and the physicians there and kind of just divide it up geographically and make various sub areas. So the reps in those areas would call an endocrinologist and primary care physicians. And primarily their efforts were focused on those that were the highest prescribers in the territory. What we did this time is, we took our territories and we said, okay, we are going to have specialty reps. And one force who calls primarily on the high prescribing physicians, endocrinologists and high prescribing primary care doctors who are very familiar with the product and service them more in that type of a role. And that's one group of our sales force. Then we have more people who are prospecting, who are going down and talking to more of PCPs who don't prescribe as much product, places where we have not been before. Because what we've noted in our data is we obviously don't win in offices we don't call on. And so we needed to get into those offices and develop relationships. A lot of the time that has been spent in the first, in this first quarter and going forward in Q3 is beginning to develop and cultivate those relationships so we can get prescriptions from those healthcare professionals. They need to learn to trust us, and they need to learn to, and have some experiences with our products. So that is how that is going and that is why this is different. So we really did things differently than we've done in the past. We believe over the long term it's absolutely the right thing to do and we have confidence in this team that they'll work through this. We believe it will start to turn, near the end, starting into Q4 and be in a very good position by 2025. And that is the timeframe that we are looking at if things go fast or great, but that's how we model our business. As Jereme said earlier, we've decelerated our new patient number from what we had in our original models for Q3 as to what we have now. And we see things picking back up in Q4. As the group gets more involved. So that's where it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Bill Plovanic: Just wanted to ask, so the pharmacy is good. DME is slowing. Do you think this is potentially a slowdown in penetration into the Type 1 and Type 2 markets? You're hitting about 60% Type 1, 40% Type 2 in the U.S. I mean, are you just starting to get a saturation point where each incremental market share or market penetration is that much tougher to come by? Or do you think this, you know, so it's a broader challenge or is this purely specific to sales force and DME and what have you? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. It's a good question. In the U.S., we don't think so. There's still quite a bit of one way and we're still seeing the growth patterns relatively steady there. If you look at the overall total market growth in the second quarter, I think what you can see is, if you add up all the various players, it's still a very robust growth. I think in our case, certainly in the DME channel, it was a share loss. And I think we just held our own in the retail channel this quarter. And so I don't necessarily know that I would say that. I think it's more about us getting in charge of really our go-to-market and making sure with our leading technology, we're getting our fair share there. As you zoom outside the U.S., as Kevin alluded to a little bit in his script, outside the U.S., it's really chunks of coverage and chunks of approval. And while we got a bit of a chunk here in France, Basel, there are some chunks we are waiting on. And so, it can slow a bit as an overall market. I think you see it when you compare, when you combine results globally, there is a bit of a slowdown outside the U.S. We don't think that it's a long-term issue because as chunks of approvals come in, you find that there's still certainly pent up demand. So really it's about coverage. And we are working on coverage in various different areas, both Type 2 intensive, certainly in Basel. And there's even some countries where we're still working on Type 1 coverage in some of the more emerging markets. So maybe outside the U.S. you see a temporal slowdown, but not in the U.S. I think the US is still a very robust market. We're still seeing Basel grow at the same rates that we expected as a total category. Still seeing the intensive insulin categories still growing well. And obviously with, non-insulin opportunities with Stelo and the OTC products, I think it's a market that can continue to grow for some time.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll add to that. You know, you talked about a 60% penetration. I said several years ago, 80% per Type 1 insulin users. And I believe the same with Type 2 intensive insulin users. There is no reason somebody shouldn't be on a CGM. It's up to us to create the experience and the access structure whereby everybody can get to it. And those are the things we have to take on, Bill. And I agree with Jereme's comments. Our efforts this quarter focus on our execution a lot more than a market slowdown. It's up to us to be better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Nephron. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: I wanted to just clarify two points. One on the rebate issue. Do you need to anniversary that before revenue per patient becomes less of a drag? In other words, is that a period impact or is it a resetting the bar that then you have to lap before you get back to normal? And Jeremy, you touched on international briefly in the last question. Most of the focus thus far has been on U.S., but OUS also disappointed. Am I right in interpreting, you think that the slower growth there is more normal until you get some of these new coverages to come through. That's really going to be the catalyst for a reacceleration.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So in terms of your rebate dynamic, I think we talked about it coming faster because it's come faster, certainly here in the Q2 and to a lesser extent in Q1. You'll lap it pretty darn early next year. So we're going to lap it pretty darn quick. Obviously, it's going to impact us at a more acute number. We expected it to be gradual over the course of this year into next year, which still would have been faster than G6. So to that point, it does it does help for next year's comps because we will lap it pretty darn quick. In terms of the question on OUS, one of the things we've done historically there is it's a market where we've taken share and obviously it's been growing. In this quarter, I would say we didn't take share and that's the best part of it. The other part then is in the chunks. And so there's two opportunities there. Certainly there's chunks of reimbursement, which would help accelerate it. But our expectation with the product launches we've had and the quality of product that we have is to take share. And so I think there's two opportunities. One's within our control, which is taking share. And then the other is within the industry's control, which is coverage. And we're going to execute on that, which we can control and certainly aid in helping the industry coverage as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matt Miksic: So there's a couple of things that I think investors are trying to pin down here and understand, given the announcement and the display changing trajectory here in the back half. The first is around the channel mix, indication mix, and their impact on pricing, maybe given that you're building out a field force that's growing into areas where you haven't traditionally called, as you talked about, potentially maybe the margin impact of that. But is that something where channel mixes and these pricing factors have sort of set off on a new trajectory that we now have to think about an equation of patient growth and price mix. What does that translate into growth over the next couple of years? Should we be thinking differently about that? And then I guess the other, just to cross it off the list, it doesn't sound like it's a factor is, it's just around competition. Is there any shift, given the places where you're going into new accounts and the PCP channel or elsewhere? Are you feeling like you're breaking into slightly tougher competitive challenges? It doesn't sound like it, but just if you could cross that off the list and provide any color on the first, that'd be terrific.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So I'll maybe go with the crossing off the list. There's always competition. And certainly, as we go into all of these categories, you're always going to have that. We've always had competition. So this is an area that's been, we've been competing for some time. So I don't think that's necessarily a new dynamic. When you expand to sales force, clearly your first call points, you've got to go through that. But this was no different than what we had in 2021 last time we expanded to sales force. We went into new locations. It's building familiarity. And yes, there's always competition, but that's not a new thing. So I think you can cross that off the list. To your question then on mix, I'd say that in the U.S., I don't think the market has moved all that much. I think it gets back to our performance within that market. And we have to perform in those areas. And so when you talk about, you know, is this a new price, year-over-year, pure price, it hasn't really changed all that much. Certainly in the DME channel, it hasn't changed all that much. And we talk about that often. But when you have less performance in your highest reimbursed channels and better performance in a lower reimbursed channel, we've always talked about DME being higher than pharmacy. And then you don't outperform on new patients. You kind of combine all those up. That's what you really saw. So the opportunity is for us to get out there and get the new patients and get the new patients in all of the channels and the channels that we've been in and get our fair share in those channels. So I think that's the best way to think about it is, we can do it. It's within our purview to go do so as opposed to necessarily shifting in the market itself.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will turn the call to Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Well, thanks everybody for participating today. This is a tough call for us. I know it's a tough call for all of you who supported us. We've provided the best view that we have going forward. We obviously will work hard to do better and provide you with more color and more things going forward. We are extremely excited for our Stelo launch later this quarter. And we certainly expect to hear from you as we do that. Just want to also point out, we've talked a lot about our commercial team today. They're fabulous. They've done very well and they will rebound from this. I have every confidence they will. When you have something like this, it's on everybody in a company. It's not just on those guys. We're all going to put our heads down and focus more. So you can count on that. Thank you very much for being with us today. And we'll see you all soon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Speakers, please stand by for your debrief.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dexcom First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Abby, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]  
 As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Christensen, you may begin. 
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby, and welcome to Dexcom's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions.  
 At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to 1 question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter 2024 performance on the Dexcom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement.  
 Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to Dexcom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  
 The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in Dexcom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results.  
 Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP.  
 Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we reported another great quarter for Dexcom with first quarter organic revenue growth of 25% compared to the first quarter of 2023. Demand for Dexcom CGM remains very high as customers continue to recognize and value our leading product performance and differentiated user experience.  
 While it has only been a year since the launch of G7 in the U.S., we have seen a significant shift in the landscape over that time. We have attracted tens of thousands of new prescribers to our ecosystem, meaningfully improved our presence within primary care and experienced growing demand from people with diabetes who are benefiting from significant expansions and coverage over the last year. Much of this momentum can be directly attributed to our product performance and innovative features.  
 With the launch of G7, we extended our leadership in sensor accuracy and took a significant step forward in ease of use. We also introduced a new software ecosystem, which was designed to improve our user experience and drive high levels of customer engagement and retention. Importantly, we have continued to enhance the G7 experience with ongoing improvements to both the hardware and software platforms. In fact, we have completed software updates almost monthly since the launch of G7, introducing new features, upgrading performance and connectivity and most recently establishing the ability to integrate insulin data into our app.  
 These are great examples of how our new software architecture enables much faster innovation. We are constantly working to advance the customer experience and reinforce Dexcom as the technology leader in this space. Along those lines, we were very excited to receive clearance by the FDA for our direct-to-watch feature for G7 in the first quarter. This approval will allow our customers to use their Apple Watch as a primary display rather than connecting through their mobile phone, providing even greater flexibility in how and where they interact with their glucose data.  
 This added to our long list of industry first as G7 is the first FDA-cleared CGM that can communicate directly from sensor to watch. To enable this, we built a robust connectivity infrastructure into the design of G7 with the ability to connect to 3 different Bluetooth devices at the same time, our customers can simultaneously connect to a phone, a pump or receiver and a watch. Dexcom is the only CGM system that gives customers these options.  
 We have received great feedback since we launched our direct-to-watch software in the U.K. and Ireland and look forward to extending it to additional markets shortly. Features like these add to our standing as the innovator in the CGM industry, strengthening our sensor platform as global access and awareness continue to expand.  
 As a reminder, we recently crossed the 1-year mark since the Landmark CMS decision to expand coverage for all people using insulin and certain non-insulin using individuals that struggle with hypoglycemia. This decision paved the way for greater commercial coverage for these populations, further strengthening our position as the most covered CGM in the U.S. It also served to broaden our conversations with payers. While payers have long recognized Dexcom's ability to help titrate insulin, there is now a growing appreciation for our ability to drive better outcomes through behavior change and customer engagement.  
 There is also a growing awareness of these benefits in the clinical community with much broader coverage now available, many physicians have started incorporating Dexcom CGM earlier into their customer care plans. They recognize lifestyle management as a cornerstone of the diabetes care and metabolic health landscapes and see CGM as a core tool to drive behavior alongside new drug therapies like GLP-1s. To that point, in the second quarter, we will be launching a medication logging module and activity integration tool within the G7 app to help those using Dexcom CGM with these therapies.  
 While this has helped us significantly expand our prescriber base over the past year, we are still only scratching the surface of this sizable opportunity. There are over 200,000 primary care physicians in the U.S. who treat tens of millions of people with diabetes. There remains a clear opportunity for us to deepen our presence within this channel as we work to drive even greater care for their patients. As a result, we announced an expansion of our sales force this past quarter. We were blown away by the level of interest and the quality of talent that we were able to attract for these roles.  
 By the end of the first quarter, we had already completed our hiring and trained these new reps. This team is excited to hit the ground running, and we look forward to seeing them build momentum over the course of the year. As part of this initiative, beginning in the second quarter, we are also taking steps to optimize the structure of our sales team to be most effective with our call points across endocrinologists and primary care physicians as well as leading practitioners in maternal-fetal medicine.  
 We expect our new team in this upgraded structure to help us better capitalize on the significant opportunities ahead. Along those lines, we hit another significant milestone in our company's history with the FDA's clearance of our newest product, Stelo, the first glucose biosensor approved for use without a prescription in the U.S., recognizing a significant unmet need for the 25 million people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin or at risk of severe hypoglycemia, we developed Stelo as a more tailored solution for this population and work closely with the FDA to simplify access to this product.  
 By removing the burden of a prescription, we expect Stelo to drive broad interest from both the clinical community and directly from members of the diabetes community who want to better understand their blood sugar. In our dialogue with the FDA, it became clear that iCGM accuracy remain critically important in establishing this new sensor category, both as a safety measure and to ensure that our customers are receiving reliable, actionable information. Stelo will leverage the industry-leading accuracy of our G7 sensor hardware while providing a custom software experience to more directly meet the needs of those not taking insulin.  
 We're on track to launch Stelo this summer as a 15-day cash pay product. We'll continue to build our case with payers for broader coverage. Stelo will be fulfilled initially via a brand-new e-commerce website and available in onetime purchases or subscription models. We look forward to providing greater detail on Stelo features, including pricing, immediately before launch, and we'll share further updates on our go-to-market strategy and ordering process at ADA and on our second quarter earnings call.  
 In our international business, we also advanced some key strategic initiatives this past quarter. In February, we officially launched Dexcom ONE+ into 8 European markets. which is our first step in moving our entire Dexcom ONE product line into the G7 form factor. This transition brings several of the G7 technological benefits to this customer base, such as the smaller form factor, shorter warm-up time and improved accuracy and further simplifies the prescribing process for physicians.  
 Moving to a shared hardware platform also benefits our cost structure over time as it allows us to drive greater volume to our G7 lines and more quickly reach scale. We also completed our transition to a direct sales model in Japan, enabling us to begin commercial operations at the start of the second quarter. As a reminder, this is one of the only markets in the world with coverage for all people using insulin, which represents over 1 million people.  
 Despite this, market penetration remains in its early stages and we see a significant opportunity to drive greater uptake in Dexcom's CGM share. As a result, we believe Japan could become a key growth driver for us over time as we strengthen our presence in this market in the coming quarters. This is an incredibly exciting time for us. There will be a lot to learn with the launch of Stelo and we are thrilled to once again pioneer the CGM industry with a new subset of users. We look forward to sharing more updates with you as we begin this journey.  
 With that, I will turn it over to Jereme for a review of the first quarter financials. Jereme? 
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin.  As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the first quarter of 2024, we reported worldwide revenue of $921 million compared to $741 million for the first quarter of 2023, representing growth of 24% on a reported basis and 25% on an organic basis.
 As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes the impact of foreign exchange in addition to our non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $653 million for the first quarter compared to $526 million in the first quarter of 2023, representing growth of 24%. Our recent momentum in the U.S. continued this quarter as we again benefited from the largest expansion of reimbursed coverage in our company's history.  
 This led to another quarter of significant new customer demand in the U.S. and contributed to our record new start quarter globally. As Kevin mentioned, we are excited to build on this momentum with our expanded sales force and look forward to seeing the new team ramp up in the months ahead. International revenue grew 24%, totaling $268 million in the first quarter. International organic revenue growth was 26% for the first quarter. We executed very well across our international footprint and again took market share this quarter, benefiting from our targeted access expansion and product portfolio strategy.  
 We delivered a particularly strong quarter in our core European markets, which more than offset the pause in growth from Japan as we finalized its transition to direct sales. Our first quarter gross profit was $569 million or 61.8% of revenue compared to 63.4% of revenue in the first quarter of 2023. 
 This gross margin result was in line with our expectations as G7 continues to become a larger part of our product mix. As a reminder, G7 carries a lower margin than G6 today. So we expect this to change in the coming quarters as we drive more volume through our G7 lines in the U.S. and Malaysia.  
 Between continued G7 demand, our pump integrations and moving Dexcom ONE to the G7 platform, we continue to see more of our base moving to the G7 form factor. Operating expenses were $428.9 million for Q1 of 2024 compared to $391.2 million in Q1 of 2023. This quarter was another demonstration of our ability to generate significant operating leverage as we grow. In fact, we grew our revenue at more than double the rate of operating expenses in the first quarter, resulting in more than 600 basis points of OpEx leverage compared to the first quarter of 2023.  
 Operating income was $140.2 million or 15.2% of revenue in the first quarter of 2024 and compared to $78.6 million or 10.6% of revenue in the same quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA was $220.9 million or 24% of revenue for the first quarter compared to $145.9 million or 19.7% of revenue for the first quarter of 2023. Net income for the first quarter was $128.2 million or $0.32 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents on the back of nearly doubling our free cash flow year-over-year.  
 This provides us significant flexibility to both support our organic growth opportunities and assess any strategic uses of capital. From a capacity perspective, we remain in a great position with Malaysia quickly scaling and we are further diversifying our footprint with the build-out of our Ireland facility. This leaves us well positioned to support our near-term growth opportunities, including the highly anticipated launch of Stelo this summer. 
 Turning to guidance. We are raising the midpoint of our revenue guidance with an updated range of $4.20 billion to $4.35 billion, representing organic growth of 17% to 21% for the year. For margins, we are reaffirming our prior full year guidance of non-GAAP gross profit margin in a range of 63% to 64%, non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 20% and adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 29%.  
 With that, we can open up the call for Q&A. Sean? 
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Jereme. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only 1 question at this time and then reenter the queue if necessary. Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. 
Danielle Antalffy: Congrats on a strong start to the year. Kevin, so the Stelo over-the-counter clearance was obviously one of the most exciting things that we saw happen in the first quarter. Can you help us understand how you think the OTC label expands your addressable market? And how you're aligning the new sales team to capitalize on it? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, thank you for the question. And it's been every bit as exciting for us as has been -- as you can imagine, Danielle, we have had more media impressions and inquiries and buzz about Stelo from the outside than really anything we've ever done. It's been spectacular. We're very excited for it. 
 The way it expands our access as we thought through this, there's 25 million people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin or who don't suffer from severe hypoglycemia. We wanted to get that product out quickly and make it very accessible to them. We studied this. We spent a lot of time thinking about it. The best way to do that is to eliminate the prescription process and not to have them in the middle of that for physicians. And that's also helpful for the health care providers because they don't have to call the pharmacy and do prescriptions as well.  
 So the key to this and particularly in getting to a lot of people is to make this very easy to obtain. And that's why we went over-the-counter with it. At the same time, as I said in my remarks, we're thrilled with the labeling and the fact that we still have iCGM controls around this sensor by going over-the-counter, we didn't just open the floodgates for everybody to come in. You still have to have an incredibly good product to go do something like this. So we think we have a very, very good advantage there.  
 With respect to our sales expansion, I made a couple of comments about the expansion and positioning of the sales force. We know for a fact that when we have coverage in the physician arena when we call on doctors, we do extremely well. And so as we repositioned our sales force, I talked about repositioning between endocrinology, primary care and also the maternal and fetal medicine markets as well. 
 We've repositioned our group to whereby our -- we have specialists who spend more time in the endocrinology offices and with high prescribers, not so much with those who don't prescribe a lot. And a lot of the new adds, a lot of the expansion relates to primary care, where they will talk about Stelo with primary care doctors who see almost all of the type 2 patients who aren't on insulin.  
 So by expanding this way, we believe we'll be able to have more coverage with physicians as well. And so they will take that message out and talk with the doctors as well. But this will also be a message driven direct-to-consumer in the same way that you see all the other type 2 products. Go on, Jereme, you might have a bit to add to that, too. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. You asked the question about the sales force. And Kevin certainly pointed to Stelo as a big part of the sales force and expanding the TAM. And so one of the reasons to expand is exactly, as Kevin said, there's a massive opportunity there. However, there's also a massive opportunity in our existing markets. G7 is a wonderful product. G6 is a wonderful product. There's coverage continuing to expand as well in those categories. And so expanding the sales force also allows us to cover more in that category.  
 And that code of category continues to do incredibly well. We had a record new patient quarter this quarter. And so you can expect to see really growth on both ends of that as a result of the expansion of that sales force. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to talk about the leverage we saw down the P&L. It was pretty impressive. It will be by like 150 bps on operating margin. So just wanted to see how we should think about gross margin progression, operating margin progression throughout the year, I saw the reiterated guidance but just trying to think about cadence, especially in light of the Stelo launch and the key drivers of that upside in the quarter and how we should think about that moving through the year? 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Sure, Robbie. Thanks for the question. The way to think about gross margin and is that of course over the course of the year, we talked -- when we set guidance that this was going to look a little bit like a more typical year. And in a more typical year, you generally see 300 to 400 basis points of expansion over the course of the year. And that's what I'd expect to see over the course of this year.
 A lot happened last year with the transition from G6 to G7. It's not a typical year. We had a new manufacturing facility coming online. But as you kind of go back into years prior to that, you see that sort of cadence. That's how we're thinking about it, at least over the course of the year right now. And so that gives you some context for that cadence from an op margin perspective or at least an OpEx spend perspective, we've already made the investment in the sales force. And so that you see playing through in the first quarter. And to your point, you saw some nice leverage in the first quarter.  
 We will be making investments, further investments in Japan here as we go live in the second quarter, and that will play out over the course of the year. And then obviously, associated with the launch of Stelo over the course of the summer, we'll be making investments there. So while we won't get the same leverage that you ultimately saw in the first quarter over the balance of the year. You should expect some leverage over the course of the year, and that ultimately contributes down to what you'd see as an expansion of op margin despite a gross margin guide, that's about a bit of a click back from the prior year. So that's the way to think about it.  
 In terms of the over performance in the Q1, I think you're alluding to the beat in terms of op margin. I think the takeaway here is it's an encouraging sign for us. We've demonstrated over the past few years, we can drive leverage into this business. This year is no exception. All of the efforts that we've been talking about in prior years continue. However, it's a little early to change how we're thinking about the full year first quarter. And as you mentioned, a nice start to the first quarter, and we'll keep you updated on progress as the year progresses. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Kevin, I'd love to ask about Stelo. So I heard your comments about the e-commerce website. Why an e-commerce website as opposed to pharmacies and retail. Maybe talk about how you see utilization playing out. And I know the indication is only for type 2 oral patients, but do you see an opportunity beyond type 2 oral patients such as prediabetes and health-conscious people maybe down the road? 
Kevin Sayer: I'll start with the end and go back to the website. That product is labeled for people not on insulin. It's not necessarily labeled just for people with diabetes. We designed the experience to focus more on those with type 2 diabetes because we believe there's a very, very strong unmet need and a product tailored to that solution, we think can do very well.
 We believe people will be interested who don't have diabetes and will, in fact, use it and will purchase it. But the focus out of the gate is in this marketplace where people have a direct need. Over time, we definitely see this platform and features in our software, migrating towards those other markets. We just wanted to get started here first. With respect to the website and the reason we've gone with this direct distribution model, we've had great success with it launching products in some of the international markets as we've rolled Dexcom ONE out. So we do know how to do this.  
 Second of all, we want a little bit of control when the launch when we start. We want to understand what's going on. We want to track utilization patterns. We want to see how this goes, and we felt this was the most efficient way to do it. And as you go back to my comments, I said initially, we will launch in this program. I think as this gets bigger, we'll seek other distribution channels, if it's more efficient to get more product to people.  
 We are very well positioned, and we've done a lot of work setting this website up and then the distribution process will be extremely efficient. So we're not concerned about being overrun right now, we're in a really good position to get this product to the people that want it through the website that we've set up. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And then to your question on utilization, Larry. It's going to be a little bit of everything. I think there's going to be some users that do use it full time. I think some folks will use it intermittently. That's based on our market research. Our market research is basically has -- for the most part, indicated, once folks are on this product, they want to use it. And I think we've run studies where there was a high either utilization while in study and a high request to continue utilization post study. That all being said, as we think about modeling, we want to make sure we're prudent in doing so. And so we have a variety of utilization patterns that we'll ultimately put out there.  
 So I think expect a little bit of everything. That population is so big, you'll get, I think, a grab bag of everything. Fortunately, we always are surprised to the positive on how often folks want to wear these things. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: Congrats on the quarter. With a 15-day Stelo out in the market, what are the steps to bringing a 15-day sensor onto the G6 or G7 platform? And what are the economics of moving to that time frame? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. First of all, there won't be any G6 15-day. We're not going to spend any more money on G6. I can assure you of that. One of the reasons we're launching Stelo with 15 days and our current G7 platform is to learn its performance in this type of environment. As we've talked earlier, we have a level of performance reliability and expectations of our customers. We wanted to make sure we delivered those, and we felt more comfortable at 10 days to start.  
 We have numerous clinical efforts in R&D efforts to move the platform to 15 days for all the G7 product and including Dexcom ONE+ in our international markets at some point in time. As we've said in our guidance and what we've done that's not anticipated for 2024, but it's certainly anticipated not long after that. So you'll hear and see more about that over time. 
 The economics are quite simple. You're selling 2 sensors over a 30-day period rather than 3. So we can see a significant margin pickup as long as we have the proper reliability on the other side because if you're shipping a sensor in a FedEx box, replace one that doesn't work, you've lost all your economies of scale anyway. So we're not only looking at 15 days, making it reliable.  
 We're looking very hard at offering the maximum most efficient customer experience for individuals when we go to 15-day. So they're ready. And so this delivers what we've always delivered because one of our -- and our CSAT scores and as we survey our customers, one of the things that we always hear about is how much people value that experience and the support that we give them. So it's a combination of all those things. But scientifically, we're well down the road to having a 15-day product. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Johnson with Baird. 
Jeffrey Johnson: So wanted to ask on basal. Just any visibility you can give on how that's been scaling. Obviously, a record new start quarter this quarter. I would assume basal's contributing nicely to that. But what are the sequential patterns the last few quarters? Is it still sequentially growing at a pretty healthy rate, I'd assume, but any color you can provide there? And also, there's been some debate, obviously, on market share within the basal population here in the U.S. Just would love kind of any insight you can provide on that front as well. 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. So, I take that one. Thanks, Jeff. I think when we talked about what we expected this year, we really talked about it in the context of basal adoption across the entire population. And we talked about exiting the year right around that 15% adoption across the basal population in the U.S. and the year moving over the course of the year to 23%. So about 8 points of penetration.  
 So far through the first quarter, things are growing as we expected. Record new patients, I think, helps enforce that. And you are correct, a good chunk of our new patients are coming through that basal channel, and we continue to see really well performance in that category. 
 So qualitatively, the things we talked about, the excitement in that channel, those still remain. In terms of share taking and how we look at that category, we get script data, we look at script data based on pathology. The debate -- there's no debate internally to us. We know we're taking share and we see that data. And I think a lot of you guys see that data. So for what it's worth, that data is out there, you can see the scripts continuing to come our way.  
 For the for the purpose we talked about, when we have coverage and when we compete head-to-head, we've typically won. So I think we maybe disagree with some comments out there. But I think the data is clear. When you look at the script data, I think it will continue to demonstrate where this is going over time. I hope that helps. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. 
Jayson Bedford: Just on Stelo. Kevin, you mentioned getting it out quickly, but you're not launching it until the summer and certainly don't mean to be impatient, but just outside of the sales force training, maybe the e-commerce setup. What else are you doing to prep for the launch? And then just does the FDA need to approve anything else? I'm thinking of an app or the like before you launch? 
Kevin Sayer: No, we have full FDA approval for launch. It has been our experience over time at Dexcom. When we get a very rapid approval, we tend to become very impatient and we launch very quickly. And we've -- from time to time, actually put ourselves in a bind by going out as quickly as we have. We had a launch plan for this product anticipating an FDA approval when it was going to come, and we're going to stick to the launch plan that we have. 
 We have manufacturing schedule. We have lines set up. We have both. We have everything, packaging, everything that we need ready to go, but we're going to stick to the plan that we have. We believe our timing is good, and there's no need to rush anything. And so we're sticking to what we have, and we're comfortable with it. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Margaret Andrew with William Blair. 
Margaret Kaczor: I wanted to hit something, Kevin, I think you had said earlier in your commentary that you're seeing growing coverage in plans for patients earlier in their care. So I just wanted to know if you're referencing basal, which obviously, we've heard about, is it not insulin prediabetics, nondiabetics, maybe things that are less traditional, these 3 things about that. And then why -- and then as it relates to Stelo, obviously [indiscernible]. But just any sense of the number of people that have proactively reached out on your website right now to buy the product from the launch. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, we haven't anybody reached out to buy it because we haven't offered it for sale, but we certainly have a lot of inquiries. And again, as you go to media impressions, articles, interviews and solicit things like that Stelo has been the biggest offering that we've had as far as news. And as our reps walk into primary care doctor offices, I just spent a bunch of time with several of our field team members. That's the question in the minute they walk in the door, when am I going to see Stelo.  
 And when I was in -- at ATTD, it was interesting, many of the physicians came up to me and said, how does Stelo affect me in my practice. So there is a lot of interest and there is a lot of buzz on that. As far as using CGM earlier in treatment, we're certainly seeing that with basal. We're seeing that as somebody goes on basal insulin, like you go on basal insulin, you just as well use a sensor to know how this is affecting your body so you can learn and so we can titrate your basal insulin the way it needs to be, and we're looking at product offerings and software enhancements to make that experience better.  
 But even in the type 1 population, Margaret, you now see kids leave the hospital with their Dexcom. They get diagnosed. They go to the hospital. And again, I talked with someone this morning even, the 6-year-old was diagnosed and left the hospital wearing at Dexcom because there's no way they were told they can manage this disease without it. So we have definitely become a product and an offering that comes into play very, very quickly.  
 I also think we see, particularly if there's coverage with somebody with type 2 diabetes, who is not using insulin. Physicians knows that patient can get it, they'll et it to them and use this as a teaching aid, as tool to help these people manage their conditions. Across the board, CGM is becoming used earlier in treatment over and over again. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And Margaret, this is one of the reasons why when we -- last year, we think we talked a little bit about this, is we introduced a cash pay option on our G-Series. One of the reasons in doing so is, as Kevin alluded to, really across the spectrum of managing your diabetes. There's been more interest. And so those plans that do have pockets that do cover everybody with diabetes and the cash pay option have -- there has been some uptake there, certainly not a majority of our uptake and certainly not the materiality of our customer base, but the interest is there.  
 And so you continue to see that taking place. It's why we're so bullish on Stelo. Back to Kevin's point, why there's so much inbound interest in that product. So hopefully, that gives you some context. There's a groundswell of attention to this and rightfully so it can help a lot of people. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. 
Matthew Taylor: I wanted to ask you kind of a combined question when you were talking about moving earlier in the treatment paradigms and also with Stelo coming on. And obviously, you've got plans to try to broaden coverage and having these conversations with payers about how that may benefit patients. So the question is really, are you seeing signs from the payers that you could actually get coverage for the G-Series and/or for Stelo in some other format this year, basically earlier in the treatment paradigm than basal. And how long do you think it will take to get any kind of coverage [ officially for Stelo ]? 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So it's a fair question. There are some plans out there that actually do cover really all folks with diabetes -- it's not a majority of plans, but these plans have seen early on the value of CGM as a lifestyle change, a preventative tool and something that ultimately yields results back to the system. And it's the same economics we've talked to you about before. And so some plans have done that. Again, it's not the majority. 
 In terms of your question, though, more broad coverage or how do we introduce that earlier. I don't think we expect that to expand significantly this year. Certainly plan by plan, you get wins here and there. But those aren't the majority of the national formularies at this point. And so I think the work has to continue to take place. 
 I think one of the reasons why we did want to get Stelo out there is because the data that's going to come off in addition to all the clinical trials that are underway, the clinical work that's underway that we consistently do along with our partner organizations having that real-world data, I think, will be really helpful and then demonstrating to payers and employers, why this is a good tool to ultimately improve health and reduce costs at the end of the day. 
 So I don't expect it in 2024. If you asked us for the time line, Kevin has been very clear the 2- to 3-year window, we think it takes to do so. We're highly incentivized to go quickly. Nevertheless, it's something we'll continue to work on and keep you posted on our progress as we make progress. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Mathew Blackman with Stifel. 
Mathew Blackman: Can you here me okay? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. 
Mathew Blackman: Okay, great. Maybe, Jereme, this question's for you. I know you're not going to give me a precision here, but I'll ask anyway. Just on G7, where are we even in the roughest sense in terms of the mix of the installed base? And I guess the more important question is what's the tipping point for gross margin accretion in terms of G7 mix. Is that something we hit this year? Is that part of the quarter-over-quarter potential improvement to get you to the full year guide? Or is that something that happens further out and is AID integration a key component of that ramp? 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So it's -- here's my expectations. The way we're tracking, and again, it's going to depend on how things play out over the course of the year. But we are tracking to a point where G7 as a percentage of our overall sales will eventually move ahead of G6. And I expect that here over the coming quarters in 2024. So that is moving. 
 And it's really started to -- it started moving obviously at the back half of last year and having someone to your point, the AID integration was very helpful for the base. So that is happening, and it is the reason for some of the leverage in the back half of the year. As G7 starts to be the primary product, the economies of scale start to kick in, and that's where you start to see the cost come below G6. 
 And so that could happen this year and it very well could happen as we move over. It's going to depend on what at the velocity at which we move. I will tell you, Q1 was a very strong velocity in movement. In terms of new patients coming in, and I think you guys can see it in the scripts, a majority of new patients are already moving to G7. So the great news, it's not a matter of if, it's when. And so it's really on converting that base. So I think the long way to answer, yes, some of the leverage this year in gross margin is because we do expect G7 to be the majority of product. When it gets lower, it's going to be kind of a timing thing. We don't have an exact date. But at the velocity we're going, it's happening very quickly, and it should be a good guide. And AID will play a large part of it. 
 It's already started with our Tandem base. I know we're talking about Insulet coming up here pretty soon. Excited about both of those opportunities and converting that base. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Shagun Singh with RBC. 
Shagun Singh Chadha: So U.S. growth was pretty strong at 24% year-over-year, but it was roughly in line with expectations. And so I'm wondering if you can elaborate on pricing. And I know that's been a big for you guys. What were trends year-over-year and sequentially? And then on Stelo pricing, is it fair to assume more in line with cash pay similar to what your competitor has indicated. 
Kevin Sayer: Stelo pricing, I'll start with, and then Jereme can jump into the other. Stelo pricing is going to be competitive. We've got a number of models we're considering. We said we'd bring you more information on that on the next call at ADA and that's when you'll hear more of it. But we'll be very competitive with other cash offerings when we launch Stelo. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And then to your question on Q1 in terms of pricing dynamics, the pricing dynamics are stable. We don't have a lot of contracts year-over-year that are changing and when we do have those contracts, in general, the pricing headwinds, we do have that typical medical device headwind that's continued to play out. So that is stable. 
 The one thing you do see as you get into the start of the year and benefits reset is we do see a lot of our new patients coming through the pharmacy channel. 
 We still have a very strong DME business, and certainly, the DME business continues to be supported by our partners very, very well. But what we find is as we call on more and more primary care physicians who are seeing where basal patients are seen, there is a bit of a heavier tilt towards the pharmacy channel for new patients. Again, the base is pretty stable. 
 So what you do find is as you think about the mix, you do get a little bit more running through that channel given where the predominance of our new patients are coming from. I don't -- we don't call that price. It's pretty consistent year-over-year. but it is helpful to understand those dynamics. It's not anything new, but it's something just to continue to be mindful of as we move into a new year. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. 
Matthew O'Brien: Jereme, it sounds like you have a little bit of a cold, so hope you feel better. When I look at the stock in the aftermarket, it's down about 8%. You just had your easiest top of the quarter -- or of the year, sorry. And then the rest of the year just assumes a pretty nice acceleration throughout the course of the year off of tougher comps. Even when you do it on a 2 year stack basis, it's still more than you just put up in Q1. I know Japan is going to be a little bit of a tailwind. You've got a broader sales force now, but those guys take time to kick in. 
 Stelo is not going to really kick in until Q3, probably more like Q4. So just why the confidence in being able to hit kind of the midpoint of the guidance range for the remainder of the year, just given some of these dynamics? 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. I'm happy to provide that, Matt, and thanks for the wishes on the cold. I was trying to impress you with my deep voice, I guess that didn't work. In terms of how the confidence on the year. One of the things that, as we go into a quarter, we try to set a base case. And the base case has risking around things like competitors, things like adoption in the basal base, things like what we would do in terms of channel mix and pricing internationally expansion. And while we said Japan was going to launch, you have to be mindful of that, talking about basal coverage and adoption outside the U.S. 
 All of those go into as you set ranges for base cases. And as some of those get knocked down, we feel much more confident about raising the base case. And so that's the reason why we ultimately did it. We feel more confident in the base case as a floor. And so we certainly felt good there. 
 We haven't talked about it yet, but I think one of the things we are really excited about is in France, we've submitted our final paperwork for Dexcom ONE+ to launch with what we expect is basal coverage in the coming months. And so we talked about it. It was something we thought was coming. 
 We knew it was coming, but it was one of those things that we needed to make sure we did the appropriate steps. And so as we start to derisk it, that's one thing. In Germany, we have wonderful basal coverage there, or shouldn't say wonderful, for the small population that's agreed to it. But that's a wonderful start for us. In terms of now saying, well, there is a pocket of payers in Germany, albeit small that do have basal coverage. It's a wonderful progression for us. And we are the leader in terms of basal coverage in Germany right now. 
 And so these are the things that help derisk the year that hopefully give you guys a little bit more confidence in that base case, certainly, it gives us confidence in that base case. And that's why when we come out and feel comfortable moving that up. it's that confidence that we have in that base case. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Marie Thibault with BTIG. 
Marie Thibault: I wanted to ask a question here on Japan. It certainly sounds like you have really broad favorable coverage for all people with using insulin. So I want to understand where was penetration into that market with your distributor partner and what have been the barriers? What have really been the hurdles? And what are you going to do to -- try to attack those? 
Kevin Sayer: Our penetration with our partner was next to very small. Japan has not been a big market for us in spite of the great coverage that has just come out, which is why we've gone direct and our distributor partner and us have gone our separate ways. 
 We've had this experience in several geographies over the years. In those geographies where we acquire a distributor and existing infrastructure like we did in Australia, like we did many years ago in Germany, we get out of the gate very quickly, and we can grow a market very fast because we have an infrastructure already in place. 
 With respect to Japan, it's like some of the other geographies, we're starting from scratch, similar to how we -- like we're doing in France, for example, we're starting from scratch in France on our own.  It will take us a while to build that growth engine and build that dynamic in Japan. I think what held us back more than anything else is we just didn't have enough infrastructure and in all fairness, our distributor did well is most important for their business in their own minds. And there wasn't that commitment and that drive there. 
 There will be that commitment and drive going forward, but it's going to take a while to build it. It's not going to happen overnight. We're very confident. We've hired a team that can develop the relationships necessary. Japan is very much a market driven by physician and hospital decisions. We think what we've got, certainly, from a leadership perspective, a team that can build those relationships and do the things that they need to do, but it can take a little while. 
 As I'm talking to you -- as we're talking to you years from now, I have every expectation that's going to be a very large market for us, but we'll be very successful there. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bill  Plovanic with Canaccord Genuity. 
William Plovanic: Just I was wondering if you could just comment on attrition rates, reorder rates. What have you seen with the transition to G7 from G6. And then how do we think about this in the different patient populations as we get out of the IIT patients and into the basal hypo than eventually in non using. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, it's a question we've asked ourselves quite a bit. So I'm happy to give you our thoughts on it. From G6 to G7, we've seen a relatively consistent rate. There hasn't been much of a change in terms of retention utilization across those 2 products. And that's as expected as we upgrade folks from one to the other. Obviously, we think the G7 experience is wonderful, but so is the G6 experience, and we pride ourselves on the experiences that we offer. So that's been relatively consistent. 
 What we've also found to date, and I think it's important to start to date, is that there isn't really as much of a difference in the populations we've served across our -- across those folks on our products today. We find that there's only really one category where retention and utilization is markedly different, and it's those on AID systems. Everybody else seems to follow a pretty similar pattern of retention and utilization. And I say that to date because we are moving into new populations, we are moving more into basal. We are moving it more into non-insulin-using population, albeit still a smaller part of our user base. 
 And the hypothesis has always been we expect a high utilization in those spaces. We've always been positively surprised, but we are aware that as you move down the acuity curve, there is the potential opportunity for folks to use it, maybe a little bit less. That being said, we haven't seen it to date, but we'll keep you posted as we're moving through what we're seeing. To help you guys kind of get your arms around it, Kevin? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. And I would add, as we head into nonintensive insulin therapy, we think there could be a number of outcomes here. And there could be a number of use cases for people. One of the reasons to maintain our distribution on our own website to start with is to begin to understand those patterns and to understand what the purchasing patterns, how many people prefer the subscription model versus individual onetime purchases. And how often do they come back and then use our tools to find out what the experience is like, what they like and what they didn't. 
 The other thing I would add with respect to retention and attrition, one of our biggest barriers, particularly back in the day, was the copays of the first quarter when everybody was in the DME world now that we have pharmacy coverage, that barrier has been eliminated a bit. And that's not as big a reason as to why we lose a customer at this point in time. It used to be in the past. We've been very successful in working that dynamic. The flip side is our DME patients have very strong retention rates and very strong utilization patterns because of the attention our fine distributors pay to them. So it's a mix of everything, Bill, but I think we're in a good spot. 
 We will learn in the nonintensive insulin therapy world and figure out how to build product offerings to maximize our experience with those users. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Polark with Wolfe Research. 
Michael Polark: I wanted to ask on one of your sales force comments, Kevin. I heard about the expansion faster and higher quality talent than expected. Those folks are hitting street in 2Q. I got that. I also heard about a new team upgraded structure, and it didn't quite follow what you're doing there and why it's impactful. So if you could unpack that update for me, I'd appreciate it. 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. As we look out over what we need to accomplish and where we needed more emphasis in the field, there are a couple of things happen. Number one, we realized as we had our reps who are calling on high prescribers also calling on a number of people who weren't prescribers are doing a bunch of -- going and finding new prescribers that we may not be paying enough attention to our high prescribers. And so as we've set things up, we do have a set of folks who spend more time in the endocrinology and high-prescribing diabetologists world than with primary care. 
 At the same time, we needed people to call on more primary care physicians. Consistently, we have learned over and over again that what we call on people, we win. And so we need to call on more folks get more people out there. We've been much more aggressive with our sampling program over the past several months. We need to get samples to more individuals. We need to knock on more doors and have more relationships. 
 A third element of that is education. As we get to some of these offices where we have somebody who's only written 2 or 3 CGM scripts, we've always had certainly some account managers who are regional people use to help train patients if they don't have [ doctor ] training in the office. We made a little more investment there. 
 And then last, there are many doctors, particularly as we get to sell and as we get more into the primary care world who may not even see a rep. And so we do have more of an internal sales force, and again, on a regional basis to do more of that work. So we're trying to go broader and deeper at the same time, deeper with our high prescribers in the endocrinology world and then broader across all aspects of primary care, including training and supporting patients. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. 
Steven Lichtman: I wanted to ask about the non-insulin [ hypoglyic ] risk group, which obviously does have coverage now and I think you've estimated before is about the same size as basal. Are the sales force expansion and moves you're making that you just alluded to, Kevin, in the commercial organization, helping with those education efforts? Any updates overall you could provide on sort of where you're at sort of tapping this opportunity would be great. 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. And thanks for the question. You're right. It's a big opportunity for us, but it is one that has taken a little bit more time. Obviously, the focus is on basal with a known quantity, but the hypoglycemia unawareness or the severe hypoglycemia event, I should say, those are harder to educate folks. And so to your point, One of the things that we've done and Teri and her team have really focused on is really creating the educational materials and then arming the sales force accordingly to get out there. 
 And so if you have a situation where we are expanding our sales force and reaching broader and touch points, where a lot of these folks are seeing, right? 
 They're seen really across the gamut of the health care spectrum. That expansion does allow us to get out there and educate more. But the biggest challenge is the education. It doesn't come to top of mind for individuals and prescribers that when this event takes place, I qualify. And that's just some more work we're going to have to continue to do on education. Again, more touch points, a good thing and the team is working hard at that. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Kevin, you mentioned that you'll have numerous iterations of Stelo over the course of the first 24 months of launch. And I wanted to just see if there's any other color you can provide on those iterations and the mostly are going to be on the software side? Or is one of the iterations going to be an increase in the rate of sensors lasting the full 15 days? And how important is that expansion to the success of Stelo. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, we always work on sensor performance optimization, and we have a very, very strong program on that across the board. And Stelo on the G7 platform. So anything we do with G7 certainly can apply to Stelo. With respect to changes that we make, I think I can go back to what I said about G7. We literally had a software iteration every month since we launched G7 and we brought several new features into G7. 
 We expect a similar ramp with Stelo once we launch it, and we have a number of features on a road map over the next 12 months that we would add to it from a software perspective, particularly as we learn what engages people as we start. 
 But we've been very vague and we'll remain vague about the features we're going to have at launch and those that we're going to add for competitive reasons. We're just not going to give everybody else a road map. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt Miksic with Barclays. 
Matthew Miksic: Kevin, I just wanted to maybe go back also to some of the comments you made earlier in the call on the Stelo approval and kind of maintaining the time line for the launch. If you could just talk -- you said things like I want to make sure our manufacturing capacity is there and don't want to sort of rush the launch post approval. 
 It would be also great to understand just given the excitement about what this product could mean outside of the diabetes community, how you're thinking about prioritizing like supply and resources and business development, market development between those 2 opportunities going forward? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, again, I appreciate that. And again, we're going to stick to our launch timing here. We have made great investments. We are ready to go. We're on our schedule. We're on our plan. And we're ready to launch to ready when we launch it. Our approval timing was very rapid. We gave the FDA tremendous credit for working through us with that. And our team, great credit for doing a wonderful submission. They did a great job to be able to get where we got so quickly.
 But we're going to stick to that time frame. And we think one of the reasons this will be successful is we will have everything lined up and ready to go the way it's supposed to be when we launch it. In all fairness, I've lived through many product launches here. And every time we go too early, I end up dealing with 3 day -- I'm saying I because everybody is in my office with 3 days inventory and what are you going to do? 
 We are devoting the proper resources. We have several G7 manufacturing lines in Malaysia. That factory just came up this summer. We manufacture G7 here in Arizona as well. So we've got plenty of G7 capacity, and we will be running those lines and we have lines dedicated to Stelo and we'll go there. But we're going to stick to our plan. We're very comfortable with it. We'll be ready to go when it's time. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. We think about resource allocation. There's obviously a combination of resources, which is what Kevin referred to as supply. And that's absolutely something we have the capacity to go after it. But in terms of resource allocation, then on the support, right? 
 And what do we do from a sales and marketing and where do the resources go, we're making the decision that really, quite frankly, are in the best interest of returns to the company and then serving the unmet need. So expect us to continue to look at that accordingly. One of the things we are doing this year, and I think you can see we've made it a priority is as we go through the organization and drive efficiencies, it allows us to reinvest in the business. 
 And all those efficiencies we've been able to get and working through leverage in the business, has allowed us to do all the work we're doing around Stelo, which includes all of our launch plans. So we'll continue to do the robust work that we do around resource allocation, really important. It's really important for us to do so in order to continue to scale, but also to scale efficiently and appropriately. 
Operator: And we will take our final question from Mike Kratky with Leerink Partners. 
Michael Kratky: How are you thinking about the possibility of seeing additional pricing pressure for G7 as one of your competitors start to [ seeing ] AID integration, which has historically been part of your value proposition for payers. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, again, that's also on a geographical basis in the U.S., we're very comfortable with our pricing, our pricing contracts. That's been very consistent over the course of several years. When you look at the product offerings in AID world and if you compare what we have to offer, we offer a number of features that make our offering much superior to anything else that's going to be out there.
 With Dexcom patients can connect to 3 devices at the same time. They have the share follow system. They connect to the phone, they can connect to a pump. They can now connect directly to Apple Watch. We're very comfortable with our pricing position here over time. And our pricing is set up in our U.S. contracts regardless of whether it's AID or people who use sensors without it. 
 Certainly, if we go to the tender system in Europe, there's a 2-tiered system in many countries. We offer the Dexcom ONE product at a lower price point to be able to address those who aren't on AID systems. And our AID pricing in those countries, we have prices set for G7 that are set in the tender process. So we're very comfortable with where we are in those as well. 
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks. 
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, everybody, for participating on our call today. This really was a great quarter for Dexcom, and we continue to drive the most important innovations in our industry. We're continuing to widen the gap between Dexcom and our competitors by driving more firsts in our CGM user experience, particularly in the G7 platform. Direct-to-watch has been the most requested addition to our experience ever since we launched G5 many years ago and now it's here. 
 Our users are going to be able to, as I just articulated, have an incredibly discrete experience with CGM on an Apple Watch only, and that will include all of our shared follow system as well. So imagine, again, a parent who wants to send their kid to school without a phone, they will be able to do everything on a watch, what they used to be able to do on their phone. Access to CGM on a global basis continues to expand. We're very well positioned with our product portfolio to win these opportunities. 
 And last, I'll just talk a bit about Stelo. We went from a December filing with the FDA on Stelo to a March approval for the first over-the-counter CGM product platform in the United States. This is going to greatly enhance the lives of many, many people, and we'll learn so much about it during this launch in 2024, we will be very well positioned in '25 in years going forward. 
 And let's not forget the theme of this call, we continue to deliver outstanding worldwide top line growth, continued strong operating margin expansion. At the same time, we have not at all skimped on investing in our future products in R&D, and we have a very strong commitment to creating the scale necessary to drive this business where it needs to get and pursue all of our opportunities. Thanks, everybody, and we appreciate your support on the call today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dexcom Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Abby and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and a-answer session. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Aby, and welcome to Dexcom's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 performance on the Dexcom investor relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans, and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to Dexcom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in Dexcom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our fourth quarter and fiscal year earnings presentation for reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you everyone for joining us. 2023 was an incredible year for Dexcom, and I'd like to start by reviewing some of our key accomplishments. Total revenue grew by 24% on an organic basis, driven by another year of record customer starts. This translates into more than $700 million of organic revenue growth compared to last year as we built strong commercial momentum through recent coverage expansion and the performance of Dexcom's CGM systems. In 2023, we added over 600, 000 Dexcom users to our base and ended the year with approximately 2.3 million customers globally. Importantly, we delivered this level of growth again while enhancing scale and efficiency of our operations. The key milestone here was the opening of our Malaysia manufacturing facility around mid-year. Production at this site is ramping quickly, and the team is already delivering yields on par with our more established US facilities. This facility will help support our growth and cost ambitions for years to come. As a measure of our success for 2023, we not only generated $1 billion in Q4 revenue, we also delivered $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA for the year and generated record levels of free cash flow, which is up nearly 70% compared to 2022. By establishing a disciplined cost culture that focuses years in advance, we are striking the right balance of margin progression while still investing strategically in pathways to support our significant growth opportunities. From a strategic perspective, 2023 will go down as one of the most transformational years in our company's history. We launched G7 and Dexcom 1 into multiple new markets, significantly expanding our global access and advancing key technical and clinical work that will provide the foundation for the future of Dexcom. This started with the rollout of G7 in the US in February. G7 is the most accurate CGM ever launched, and the market's reception to G7 has been exceptional. Customers and clinicians have been thrilled with the new form factor, product performance, and ease of use, and payers wasted no time establishing coverage as they recognized the clear value proposition that G7 provides. We immediately started to see a change in prescribing patterns once this product reached the market, and this trend became even more pronounced as we completed the largest expansion of coverage in our company's history. In mid-April, Medicare coverage went live for people with type 2 diabetes using basal insulin only, as well as certain non-insulin using individuals with hypoglycemia risk. Between this decision and the broad commercial coverage that quickly followed for the basal markets, we have effectively doubled our reimbursed population in the US. This has completely changed the market landscape in the US. With broader coverage available and a new product that greatly simplifies the prescribing process, we have attracted a sizable new cohort of clinicians to our ecosystem. In fact, in 2023, we expanded our prescriber base by approximately 40%. And we're not stopping there. We have always known that the primary care channel would become increasingly important as our business evolves. Much of the work our commercial team has done in recent years has been tailored to this market. And we are now seeing the direct result of that effort as more than 70% of our new scripts are being written by primary care physicians. These relationships are not only critical to help us reach the millions of insulin-using individuals who have not yet started on CGM, but also the tens of millions with broader type 2 diabetes, pre-diabetes, and beyond. Based on the success of our team in 2023 and the magnitude of these future opportunities, we are excited to continue our investment in our U.S. salesforce this year. When we have a presence with prescribers, we win. Now it is up to us to continue to expand that prescriber pool. We are already seeing more clinicians want to incorporate Dexcom CGM earlier into patients' care plans as they recognize our unique ability to drive behavior change, sustainable outcomes, and greater accountability. This is why we are thrilled to be introducing our newest product, Stelo, later this summer. Stelo will be the first CGM designed specifically for people with type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin. Leveraging our leading sensor platform, we have built a custom software experience that is tailored to the needs of this population. Stelo will feature a 15-day wear time and launch as a cash paid product while we build our case with payers for broader coverage. With several trials currently underway, we will continue to add to the growing body of evidence demonstrating Dexcom's unique ability to drive greater health and economic outcomes for all people with diabetes. The launch of Stelo also presents a great opportunity to bolster our evidence with a large collection of real world data as we see the impact this product is having on our customers. We filed Stelo with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2023, leaving us well on track for our highly anticipated launch this summer. As our product portfolio continues to grow, it provides a greater glimpse into the future potential of our company. We have built a platform technology that we can customize to provide creative solutions for different populations. Our redesigned software infrastructure is a key component to this as it enables much quicker iteration and greater connectivity. Connectivity has always been a distinct advantage for Dexcom and with our recent filing of direct to watch with the FDA and new G7 pump integrations, we are further advancing this leadership position. We will also continue innovating on our hardware technology with our current efforts focused on launching an extended wear sensor across all of our product offerings. As we look at this significant opportunity ahead of us, we are as excited as we've ever been. As I said at our Investor Day this past summer, we are just getting started. With that, I will now turn it over to Jereme for a view of the fourth quarter financials. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliation to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release, as well as on our IR website. For the fourth quarter of 2023, we reported worldwide revenue of $1.035 billion compared to $815 million for the fourth quarter of 2022, representing growth of 27% on a reported basis and 26% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes currency in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $769 million for the fourth quarter compared to $606 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, representing growth of 27%. Between the ongoing success of G7 and our significantly improved access in recent months, the momentum in our U.S. business continues to grow. In fact, we delivered our fastest quarterly U.S. growth rate since the beginning of 2021 as our revenue accelerated for the third quarter in a row. International revenue grew 27%, totaling $265 million in the fourth quarter. International organic revenue growth was 23% for the fourth quarter. We continued to execute very well across our international footprint and again took share in Q4 as our global access work and product portfolio strategy have helped broaden our reach in many markets. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $664 million or 64.2% of revenue compared to 66.7% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. This year-over-year decline in gross margin was expected as G7 was a much larger percent of our product and customer mix in Q4 compared to a year ago. As a reminder, G7 has a higher cost profile than G6 today, but we expect this to change in the coming quarters as we drive greater volume through our G7 lines. As it reaches scale, we continue to expect G7's margin profile to improve upon that of our G6 platform. Operating expenses were $421 million for Q4 2023 compared to $372 million in Q4 of 2022. This quarter was another demonstration of our commitment to being disciplined and thoughtful with our spend. Our operating expenses grew at half the rate of revenue this quarter and we delivered nearly 500 basis points of operating expense leverage compared to last year. This extended our streak to eight straight quarters of at least 250 basis points of year over year OpEx leverage. Operating income was $242.7 million or 23.5% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $172.1 million or 21.1% of revenue in the same quarter of 2022. Adjusted EBITDA was $321.5 million or 31.1% of revenue for the fourth quarter compared to $237.1 million or 29.1% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022. Net income for the third quarter was $202.8 million or $0.50 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the year with greater than $2.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents. Having financial flexibility allows the organization to take advantage of opportunities. Case in point, we executed the $500 million accelerated share repurchase program mentioned on our Q3 results. Through this transaction, we were able to offset the remaining dilution related to our maturing 2023 converts while purchasing our stock at what we viewed as an attractive price. As Kevin mentioned earlier, our free cash flow grew by 70% in 2023 as our business continues to scale and become more efficient. As our cash flow profile continues to grow, it only adds to our significant financial flexibility. This allows us to continue to invest behind our meaningful organic growth opportunity while assessing strategic uses of capital on an ongoing basis. Turning to 2024 guidance, as we stated last month, we anticipate total revenue to be in the range of $4.15 billion to 4.35 billion, representing organic growth of 16% to 21% for the year. This guidance assumed continued momentum in the type 2 basal only population in the US, the expansion of Dexcom ONE on the G7 platform into new geographies, and the launch of Stelo in the summer of 2024. It also assumes the divestiture of our non-diabetes distribution business in Australia and New Zealand this quarter, which represented around $30 million of revenue in 2023. From a margin perspective, we expect full year non-GAAP gross profit margin to be in a range of 63% to 64%, operating profit margin to be approximately 20%, and adjusted EBITDA of approximately 29%. Our gross margin guidance reflects the ongoing conversion from G6 to G7 within our customer base and the associated scale that comes with that process. Below gross margin, we'll continue to be very diligent with our spend in 2024 while investing strategically behind multiple growth opportunities. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jereme. I would now like to open up the call for Q &A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time, and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Abby, please provide the Q &A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. I'll offer up for the second time. Congrats on a really good quarter. I wanted to tie two ideas together. The first is the great operating margins we saw in the fourth quarter. It came in well above the street. In the slide deck presentation, you have the slide about making progress on the 15-day sensor. The question here is really, one, any updates on the timeframe of when that G-Series 15-day sensor will be approved, and how to really think about where that could take the good operating margins you put up here and what you've guided for next year and where that could really take it in the future. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Robbie. This is Kevin. I'll take the 15-day sensor timing, and then Jereme can talk about the numbers and the effect on operating margins going forward. As we said earlier this year, we're in the middle of clinical testing and scientific evaluation of some fundamental science changes to the sensor that will make it more reliable for that 15-day period. One of the reasons that we've done so well, two things, the accuracy of our sensor and the performance of our sensor over time. But combined with the fact, people expect to get a certain amount of days from a sensor and we deliver what we tell them we're going to do. And we want to make sure that 15-day experience is every bit as good as the 10-day experience that we offer now. So we're making a few slight changes on a science basis. We'll run a clinical study, file that, and we certainly would expect you to prove. But right now, we're still evaluating some of the technologies. And we really won't provide a lot of color until we're filed and we see we're on a path towards approval.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, and then to your question, longer term on operating margins. We've done a really nice job to date, creating leverage and opportunities within our operating margin profile. And despite some of the moves and the channel mix changes we've made on the top line; we've been able to maintain a gross margin based on a lot of the work we've done around design to value and a lot of the scale that we've been able to achieve. But when you think about 15-day, it provides a real big opportunity for us to think about, both leverage from a gross margin and then operating margin profile, but also opportunities to grow the business in areas profitably that maybe would be a little bit more of a challenge with the 10-day product. So it is absolutely the number one effort going on in the organization. It does provide us lots of flexibility to either a, continue to grow the business or b, deliver operating margins that can be world-class over time. So I think longer term there's a lot of opportunities there, we are not ready to particularly lay what that is. We've obviously given our 2025 LRP and we'll execute to that, but I do think it provides real long-term opportunities for this company to deliver back to shareholders and take advantage of opportunities globally.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Danielle Antalffy with UBS.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on a really strong end to the year. It's great to see. I'm going to ask this question about; we're hearing more about potential competition coming to market. And I would just love, Kevin, if maybe you could highlight for us the competitive modes that Dexcom has built. Obviously, we don't know much about what this competitor is planning to bring to market. So, but maybe if you could just highlight where you think Dexcom is from a competition perspective and how defensible your share is here? Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: No, I appreciate that question. First and foremost, we can start with the core technology and then the fundamental beliefs we've had here as a company. The performance of our sensors has been unparalleled. We've got over many years, for example, and AID systems with great outcomes and patients who have done very well there. We built our platforms on connectivity. One of the features that I've talked with the engineers about and kind of complained about because it took a lot of time to engineer, we can connect up to three devices at the same time. This is the type of connectivity that our competitors have not put into their platforms, and is a feature that's very important to our patients, which is the reason, for example, why we just filed our direct-to-watch features with the FDA. One of the other things our competition thinks about as they look at us today, and they think this is where we're going to stay, we're not. We certainly have new pipeline efforts across all fronts on the technology side, better connectivity, communications, software investments. We've had to evolve from being literally a medical device software company to being a world-class software organization over the past couple of years, and it has been an evolution for us, and it's been a big investment. So we've looked at the areas to invest to make ourselves stronger and made investments there. Now that's on the technology side. Here's the other piece of this. We've spent hundreds of millions of dollars over the past three years getting fully automated factories up and running both here in the United States and our new factory in Malaysia that opened mid-year, and that is a tremendous facility. But we built out those automated lines there, and we've just turned ground on what will be our next world-class factory over in Ireland that would open in 2026. There's a huge investment that has to be made to play in the CGM business going forward, particularly at the scale and the performance that we see now. And we've made those investments and done those things and evolved as a company. So we think we're very well positioned, and we'll see where everybody else comes. But we're comfortable. Well, let me phrase that. We're never comfortable, but we believe we've done all the right things.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to focus on Stelo. You expect this product to add approximately, I think, 100 basis points to your growth in 24, which is almost $40 million in six months. So that's a pretty healthy number for only half a year. Kevin, what's informing your confidence in the launch? How big could this product be over time and what are the margin implications? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Larry, thanks for the question and we have guided at 1%. The purpose of this launch is to get this product out here and learn. And as we look at that 1% of revenue number, we certainly have models to build and support that and we believe in designing this product for the type 2 non-insulin user and others that we're targeting the right segment to go after that. Our most important experience with Stelo is learning and getting it out there and starting to develop and grow this new market. We're confident that this product over time can become a very, very large portion of our business and this can be a very large segment within our markets. This year's launch is all about learning more than anything else and we have a model for that 1%. I would love to exceed it, but if we learn all the lessons that we need to learn, this is not a backbreaker for our company and our guidance either. So the most important thing is to get the product out there and to learn more than anything else.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, and then to your question on margin, we're not necessarily talking about it from a gross margin perspective. That'll come in time when we start to release more details around it, Larry. From an operating margin, yes, this is something we're going to invest in. And so when you think about it from an overall company margin, certainly as we invest in this and we invest in launching it, there will be some sales and marketing, but it's an investment we're going to make this year. And we're going to make that investment in this product because we believe in the future and we're going to do so and still expand operating margins as a company. So you can be safe that we're going to be very, very careful and measured about how we invest our dollars, but know that this is part of the investments we've set aside as an organization while still again improving profitability.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mathew Blackman with Stifel.
Mathew Blackman: Oh, great. Appreciate you taking my question. And maybe for Kevin and Jereme, you obviously mentioned Salesforce and the PCP channel. Can you just remind us at least today what kind of PCP, Salesforce coverage you have? And then more importantly, sort of leaning into your comments, Kevin, about investing incrementally in that channel this year. What does that mean in terms of spend magnitude, spend timing? And how much more coverage you're expecting to add with these investments or any other way to frame what you're trying to accomplish? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So thanks for the question, Matt. So you think about the investment, we are going to expand that Salesforce. And today we have a good amount of coverage. It's tens of thousands of primary care physicians and predominantly the entirety of the endocrinologist space. But as you start to think about basal coverage expanding, the opportunity ahead of us certainly Stelo out on the horizon. We found there was an opportunity to continue to expand. And as we know, CGM, specifically Dexcom CGM can play a very important role in how folks manage their diabetes. We know that having those call points is helpful. So we are going to expand it. You can take a look at LinkedIn for the amount. There are quite a few openings out there in terms of the size of it. So we'll expand our salesforce and we will get more coverage. In terms of the cadence, the LinkedIn wrecks are out there right now. So you'll see us hire over the course of the first quarter. Obviously, then the fully loaded burden associated with those reps will take place over the back half of the year. So Q2s through Q4. So that's how to think about the cadence of that. But again, that's all contemplated in the overall guidance we've provided, the 20% operating margin. So expect it as part of typical work that we do around creating leverage in the business and investing where we need to. But if you're thinking about it for a cadence over the course of the year, expect the hires to be made over the course of the first quarter. And then for folks to ramp up and be part of our run, really Q2 through the balance of the year.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Marie Thibault with BTIG.
Marie Thibault: Thanks. Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask a question here on international. I think you've reminded us that you'll be selling a non-CGM business in Australia and also going direct in Japan. I wanted to understand the cadence for Q1 versus the rest of the year. And also any sort of comments you could make on G7 being on the Dexcom ONE platform, just an all-around international question there.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Thanks, Marie. And we'll give you some context. So the non-CGM business, that effectively is gone at this point. So that's why we've been comfortable pulling it out and talking about it to organic. So this quarter you can expect, we talked about the $30-ish million last year. The math on that, you can kind of do the allocation by quarter. That's out as of this point, for the most part. And so think about that in the quarter. Japan, certainly a similar type thing. We talked about it in Q4 being effectively nil. I'd expect a similar contribution in the first quarter. And then as we start to take that book of business so that business live in the second quarter, I expect it to start to contribute as we build that business back up over the course of the year. So those are really the international kind of timing. So Q1 will be the heaviest burden in terms of as we transition through that. As it pertains to Dexcom ONE on G7, great news is, I think we press release it a couple days ago, four countries have launched. And so that has come out, it is now out there today. Those four countries are our first foray and we're getting great feedback from early adopters within those countries. The expectation is we have a cadence of launches of Dexcom ONE on a G7 form factor, really over the course of the year. So I'd expect a lot more press releases around where and when we're launching that, but expect that to really take place over the course of the year, which gives us a lot of confidence again in Dexcom ONE being a really incredible growth driver for the long term.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Maybe I'll just keep it on that international point. I think this is the first quarter in a while we've seen international growth below the US growth. And if I look back the last few quarters, I think you've gone 40, 30, 23 here on the organic growth rate. Just help us understand kind of where that international versus US growth might settle out here in 2024. Would we expect them to be similar to each other? Does international continue to slow for any reason? And as I think about some of the competitive AID approvals that have happened over in Europe, especially with one year with a competitive CGM. Just how are you thinking about the stability of your maybe installed base on the AID side over there versus win rate for new AID systems there? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Okay, thanks, Jeff. So as you think about the cadence, so thanks to the question on international, as you think about the cadence over the course of the year, certainly Q4 was buoyed by a few different or weighed down, I guess, and say by a few different things. We talked a little bit about earlier about the Japan business and really the revenues were effectively nil as we make that transition. And so that's a negative grower in the quarter. And then, the non-diabetes business is was really a flat. And so when you think about the business being historically a pretty significant grower, those pull you down as you start to exclude those things, we are still growing quite well. In fact, all of the core businesses where we operate today, UK, Germany, Australia, et cetera, all continue to grow relatively consistently between Q2, Q3, Q4. There are some ebbs and flows, but for the most part, those all should do well. So then you think about what does that mean going forward? We haven't changed our stance that the o-US business, the international business, as a percentage of revenue by the end of 2025 will be bigger than it is today. And about two thirds, one third, or that split today is more like 70:30 or 72:28. So I think on the whole, expect the international business with all of the opportunity out there with certainly the under penetration we have today to grow faster than that of the US business over the coming. That's not to say that we're not incredibly bullish on the U.S. business. Look, if we can outperform on both of those, we'll do the work on both. But at least that's in our LRP. As you think about competitive systems and AID, we are highly confident in what we have to offer. Our product there's multiple different reasons why we believe our product is special in that space. Kevin alluded to a little bit about it earlier around Bluetooth connectivity as one. I'll just give you an example there. Someone can be on a pump can talk to their phone and can be on a direct-to-watch application all while on our product. No one else can offer that. We are the only one that can do that. And as you think about this population which really needs and deserves quite frankly the technology to manage their diabetes, we believe that that is a differentiator and a meaningful differentiator going forward. Add to that the many and many of years that we're compiling on these systems. We feel highly confident that when we sit in front of a physician, and we sit in front of an endocrinologist and we sit in front of a parent a child that needs an AID system we feel confident that we are the choice. We'll continue to battle and make sure that that message continues to go out there but as we think about that international book of business, we continue to feel very confident even post-launch of a competitive system we'll do incredibly well there.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt Taylor with Jefferies.
Matt Taylor: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you could update us on the cadence of data that we could expect to see this year not only around you mentioned before GLP-1 data that could come from you or from investigators and then also on Stelo. Are we going to see anything on that at upcoming conferences or from you before during or after the launch?
Kevin Sayer: Now this Kevin I'll take that we don't really, we don't need a clinical trial for Stelo as far as getting that product approved. There is a lot of data on use of continuous glucose monitoring, particularly Dexcom systems in this type 2 diabetes world that will be published by investigators over the course of the next several months, and we'll reference to that and we'll talk to you about that. We know, we have a very good idea where this data comes out because we've seen in all our studies, patients have better outcomes, they're healthier, we end up saving the system money, and those are the outcomes that we're hoping to drive with Stelo over time. With respect to GLP-1s, again, the list of studies ongoing is very large, and there are studies where CGM is an element. Again, we expect those studies when they're published to demonstrate the same things that we've talked about before, that the use of the CGM with the GLP-1 provides a better result than a study without it, and those studies we've published over time, we don't control those investigators, but we expect good data over the course of the year.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for the question. I just wanted to understand a little bit more, Kevin, that you could give some more clarity on how you think a reimbursement pathway for Stelo to look over the next couple of years, what you think is needed to open reimbursement up for that product, and how you think that would look if it would be done kind of in a more traditional way, or you think it would be done kind of a one -off, like the levels program with UnitedHealthcare.
Kevin Sayer: Our goal is to do this in a more traditional way over time. As we've said earlier, we'll launch the product as a cash pay product and have a cash pay option, a cash pay that people can get into and purchase the product. We will accumulate data from those users over time. We'll accumulate data, again, from the clinical trials that we see out there, and ultimately build a case for reimbursement for this product. I think over time, we certainly expect to go to CMS and have people with type 2 diabetes who are not insulin-covered at some point in time by that group, because, again, our goal is to spend less money in the healthcare system, and we're one of the few technologies that enables an outcome of that nature. So we see it being more traditional and working with payers and the various government agencies over time. The programs we will continue to support, we're happy to support them and be partners with them. But I think over time, we need a more traditional reimbursement path, and that can be -- the partnerships and the relationships can be the only way. On top of that, we'll continue to develop our tools around Stelo. This first generation that we launch is going to be our first-pass app. We will have numerous iterations over the course of the first 24 months of that product that really make it a much more inviting and engaging product and lead people to better experiences. So stay tuned for what we have to say on that front over the next 12 months. It's going to be very exciting.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joanne Wuensch with Citigroup.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon, and nice quarter. A couple of questions, queue are really boring. Can you give us the guidance for tax and how to think about net interest expense? And then the one that strikes me as somewhat more interesting is I think your LRP is for 21% operating margins. And this is the second quarter in a row where you bypassed that number. So why is 21% still the right number to be had? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, so we'll start with tax. I think this year we kind of dropped down to closer to that 26% range. Well, we don't necessarily guide year by year to tax. The goal is over the course of the next three to five years to get down into the low 20s. So I would expect it to continue to come down every year as we grow into the tax structure that we put in place. In terms of net interest income, some of that, it's one of those, it's a bit of a difficult one, but just given where interest rate is going to go over time, but it's pretty straightforward that our cash interest cost is pretty low, just given our converts. And so you can basically take a look at the cash on the balance sheet, multiply it by about 4%. And that gets you to about where you'd be for the year. Again, we'll have to keep you updated as interest rates change over time. But that's the way to think about it. And then from an operating margin perspective, we gave the 2025 LRP, that's a 21%. Your point is valid. If you take a look at our guide this year at 20% in our gross margin of 63% to 64%, if we hold true to our 65% gross margin in 2025, which is absolutely our belief, you're already there at a 21% off margin. So I absolutely understand the mathematics. It just means we're ahead. We're ahead of our LRP, but we're not necessarily willing to update it at this point. We'll come forward and we'll update it at some point in the future. But I think it's a good thing. We've done a lot of work around this, Joanne, around getting lean and making sure we drive leverage into the business. And the great news is, is we are ahead. And so that's a good spot to be in. And we'll continue to do so. One other maybe caveat is that I think it's important to note on the year I guess the question a little bit about the year and where we on the year. We're making some good investments this year in the organization, we're launching Stelo. And we talked about that being a significant investment in the business. We're certainly doing a lot of work around our salesforce and if you recall few years ago, we did some work around that we took step back on march, we are going to do all that and still step forward. We're going to go direct in Japan this year. That's another thing that we're making an investment in and then all the work Kevin referenced around the clinical work that we're doing around continuing to improve our product. We're going to make all those investments and still deliver an expansion of operating margin. So I think it just goes to show you we're building the levers in here that you can see that we're building and that you can rely on us longer term to continue to drive that through the business.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler.
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Looking at the domestic performance. There's been a clear acceleration in the back half of 23 on a two year stacked basis. And I'm wondering specifically if that's just basal that's helping there. It looks like it's as much as 200, maybe 250 basis points of the acceleration. Is that the primary contributor to the domestic acceleration? What should we think about in terms of basal contribution to the top line this year? And are we inflecting right now as far as basal adoption goes with CGM here in the States? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, that's a good question. Let me maybe just give some color as to how we're thinking about the guidance. As you see the performance in the back half of the year, a lot of that has to do with being the most accurate sensor, launching with a G7 form factor, and then of course having the basal coverage there. And so when you think about it, and you can see the share taking when you look at script data, we are taking share and having the sensor, the most advanced sensor on the market is the driver there. So that's taking share. Now within those spaces, basal is a contributor, no question. As that category expands and we take share within that category, that does contribute to the overall numbers. And so you are right, basal is a contributor, but it has as much to do with us taking share as it does with category expansion. So think about both of those as contributors. As you think about 2024, we've talked a little bit about the adoption rate, basal in total, adopting in the back half of the year around 9% to 10% per year on a per annum basis. The guide assumes about 8% there. And so, I think you can assume that was the case. Our long range plan was more like 6% to 7% per year. So we are seeing basal going faster than what was in our long range plan. And what's great about that is as we continue to take share and the category grows a little faster than expected, that will help contribute over the longer haul. So hopefully that gives you some context to how we're seeing basal. It absolutely is a contributor. I don't want to overstate the fact though that basal because quite frankly, our intensive insulin businesses continue to do really, really well. And you see us taking share there as well.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I just add to Jereme's comments, Matt, if you look at the second half of the year, that's when G7 rolled out. There's a direct correlation to G7 launching and the acceleration of our growth. It really was an important event. And the other thing that just as a consequence of what you saw, again, this supports what we're doing in the U.S. with respect to our field sales expansion. We do need to spend more time with physicians who aren't as familiar with our technology as they would have been in the past. As I said on the call earlier, where we call on somebody, we win. We do very well. So we need more calls. We needed more feet on the street and more voice, given the acceleration that we saw and the good things that we saw happen over the second half of the year. So it all flows together nicely.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Malgaret Andrew with William Blair.
Malgaret Andrew: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to maybe spin back to non-insulin. When we kind of run our market models, non-insulin adoption seems to have meaningfully increased probably for you as well it's certainly for the market the last couple of years. And again, our numbers probably aren't perfect, but maybe the market's not at a million users in the U.S. but could get there this year. That's a pretty sizable amount. So I guess one, are this meaningful patient adds to Dexcom already in 2023 and what drove that? And going back to the Stelo guidance of $40 million per year, we can obviously throw some assumptions around ASPs or patient adds. But regardless of what those inputs can be, it pretty quickly gets you to $200 million plus sales in 2025, which is a pretty meaningful chunk of the chain. So I guess, is that correct? Why could it be right or wrong and how much of that could be incremental to the initial LRP that you provided in 23. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Jereme can probably get into more detail than me. It is a part of our business today, Malgaret. We do have some non-insulin users. Our product, we have some plans that actually cover non-insulin users for CGM, and we've seen and had wonderful experiences there. We've also have not an aggressive cash pay program, but a cash pay program nonetheless where non-insulin users have access to our product through some very traditional distribution channels outside the pharmacy and outside traditional DME. So some of those individuals have purchased CGM and use it on the non-insulin front as well, and we continue to support programs. But it is not a remarkable chunk of our business. It has not been a tremendous driver of our growth. It has grown, but it hasn't been a significant percentage. As we look going forward, certainly again, we gave guidance of 1% for 2024. And we're committed to that and that certainly is our forecast and what we've guided. We're most committed to learning because what we're really interested in is a number like $200 million like you're talking about for 2025 and to be positioned with the right product there. With respect to pricing and how offer that product we're going to have tremendous flexibility as this is a cash pay program. And it's not labeled for the current population where we have reimbursement and where we're reimbursed for our products. So we believe we'll have again flexibility to grow that and grow it profitably is again we have a 15-day product going into that market. So we will have lower COGS and we're developing a lot of things around that that is a roll out as you see we really are changing the business model to serve this type of individual versus those we've served up to this point in time. We're going to offer a different experience that will definitely meet their needs across the board. So we're bullish on it over time. I mean it could be very big number in 2025. That's what we're -- that's what we're planning on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon. Excuse me. Just on gross margin. I think we came in the last year thinking gross margin would be lower in the second half. It wasn't. I'm guessing revenue levels play a part there. But outside of price and mix what weighs on gross margin in 24? And then just the related question, you had some encouraging comments on Malaysia and I think you alluded to it. But at what point do we see Malaysia and G7 starting to have a positive impact on gross margin.
Jereme Sylvain: Hey Jayson. Yes, thanks for the question. Last year when we made the assumption on what the margin look like, the assumption was is the G6 to G7 transition. We had a range of assumptions. But the assumption was the G6 to G7 transition would take place perhaps a little bit earlier. And some of that had to do with timing of when the AID systems were available in the market and coverage and how that that goes over time. And so it took a little bit longer. And as a result, we outperformed on margin and it gets back to G6 cost less to make the G7 today. And its still majority of our user, our legacy base still sits on the G6 system. With the launch of Tandem and Control-IQ integrated with G7 and obviously the limited launch with the Omnipod 5 coming out here in the back half of Q1, and then obviously a launch sometime later in the year, we do believe that base starts to move over quicker. And so what you have there is as that takes place, Jayson, you have that shift from a lower cost to a higher cost product weighing in the start of the year. And hence that's why the margin goes where it goes. Now in the back half of the year, assuming that base transitions and our models show that over the course of the year that should, that equilibrium should balance then tilt in the favor of G7. It puts us in a position exiting the year where G7 should be and we'll have to give you updates on the base as the year progresses, but it should be lower than G6, but then at that point it should be accretive. And that would be the exit rate leading out of 24. And then of course, then bodes well as we move into 2025 and beyond. So that's the big driver. It's just, when does that base transition and when it does, when do we have that cost kind of equilibrium? So again, we thought it was going to happen in the back half in 2023. It didn't take place. We outperformed there in 2023 as a result, probably going to take place here in the first half of 2024.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Genuity.
Bill Plovanic: Great, thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter. Just kind of a follow-up, just trying to get a color granularity, if possible, on, as you look at the growth in the business and kind of the Matt O'Brien's question, but the contribution from Basal, Hypo, Intensive and Type 1, just, is it kind of shifting to that order these days where it's more of the Basal and Hypo and the Intensive Type II is really the new patient growth, and then if so, how should we think about that cadence as you continue to move forward? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I mean, if you think about 2024, at least, 2024, the main contributor to new patients, or at least revenue from new patients, is still going to sit in the intensive insulin. So the type 1 and the type 2 insulin-intensive patients, and that still is where the combination of those two makes up a majority of the new revenue over the course of the year. Basal is catching up, and Basal doing a nice job of catching up, but those are still part of our core business, and it's still actually driving the underlying business. Now, over time, we do expect basal, given it's a larger population, to do very, very well. We'll have to give you more of an update as we get into 2025 and beyond as we get closer to that. So incredibly bullish on the long-term opportunity there with basal. But think about at least 2024. Our core business is actually still driving a lot of the growth with obviously longer-term opportunities in basal and then to your point Hypo which is quite frankly still a low contributor and then with Stelo kind of coming online as well. All of those are real opportunities in 2025 and beyond.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Polark with Wolfe Research.
Michael Polark: Good afternoon, thank you. I want to ask a follow-up on Kevin your response to the prior question on 15-day and timing. I heard we won't provide a lot of color until we're filed and see a path to approval. There kind of had been, it seemed like there was a thought that Stelo was kind of the appetizer this year for 15-day and maybe a broader rollout in 2025 and I don't want to, I'm not asking you to pin down timing but is 2025 a year where a broader transition to 15-day could be affected or might all this testing and innovation take a little longer?
Kevin Sayer: We would like to go as fast as possible. If it were on my time frame it'd be it'd be yesterday. Stelo at 15-day is a primer for that so we can learn and gather data from those users as they use it particularly with our current sensor configuration. As we go through the technology changes that we're making as we dial in on those features that we're going to put in the final product we'll get a pivotal trial started and we'll go but we're learning each and every day. We are not in a position like we were with G7 where we're submitting an entire new system with completely new hardware and new features and new manufacturing lines, new suppliers, new everything. This 15-day product we've built on the same platform our current G7 has built. So the time from finishing a pivotal to filing is not going to be near as intense and difficult as it was with the last product being such as security and Bluetooth and stuff. We worked through all those issues already. So right now it's really refining the science and getting the 15 days and getting that reliability and quality level that our patients expect from us. We don't view this as an extremely, I think 25 is a reasonable assumption, but I'm not going to give you an end date or as to when, because there's too many variables, but we're certainly headed down a path along that type of speed, and then we'll see where we land and give you more updates along the way. I just, filing things or starting things, what's important to us is getting things done, and those should be your milestones as well. So we'll keep you posted, but that's where we are.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Pasquale with Nephron.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks, and congrats on the quarter. I want to ask a couple of questions about Dexcom ONE and the progress there. I think you had said you expected it to account for about 30% of international new patient starts in 23. Curious if that's where you ended up and what portion of new patient starts you expected to be in 24.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, we did, we thought it was going to be about a third of patient starts in 2023 outside the US. It was closer to about a quarter of new patient starts, so a little bit behind there. Some of the tenders took a little bit more time to get on, and so it was still a really good year for us, but a little bit behind, where we had started the year, at least in the expectations. This year, we expect it to be more and a bigger contributor as a percentage. So if you think about last year, that was certainly the case that was on the G6 form factor, very excited about obviously coming out here on the G7 form factor here in 2024 and the four countries that we are to launch in. So our expectation is it's a bigger percentage while we haven't necessarily given that number, expect it to be bigger and the team wants it to be bigger as a percentage of new patients outside the US in 2024.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping to just ask a follow-up on the type 2 hypo, not it's on hypo indication, does have coverage. We didn't think you would, it would move as fast as type 2 basal, but I think you guys talked about a bigger patient opportunity in the US than the type 2 basal patient opportunity. Anything that's been a bottleneck in terms of penetrating that indication and just how do you see a deeper penetration going forward 24, 25, 26. Thanks a lot.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, thanks, Josh. It's an area that in all candor it's gone and we knew this was going to be a bit of a challenge. It's a big opportunity, but it's going to take a little bit more time on awareness and getting in front of physicians and letting folks know that, hey, look, if you've had a hypo event, you do qualify. And by the way, here's how to document it. So it has been certainly slower than basal. It's not been a real all that material contributor in 2023. What we do know, however, is Teri, our Chief Commercial Officer and her team are very, very focused in getting the word out and making sure that folks understand if they are suffering with hypo events, this technology can help and it can help change that and that they do qualify and there is reimbursement out there. And so it's working on that messaging and making sure that we get out there and understand where those events are taking place. That is, believe it or not, it is a challenge in understanding how to identify when those have taken place so that we can get out in front of those folks. But we are working on it. We have good data around that. And then making sure, we're making those physicians that are then serving those patients aware of what the requirements are for documentation so that they can qualify for reimbursement. So there's some work to be done, but there's a team working very, very intently on it and making sure that we do arm our salesforce and then arm the community with the information needed to help it grow faster. I think it's a big opportunity for us, but I think it's an opportunity that's going to take a little bit longer to penetrate. So to your point, I think it's a driver a little bit here in 2024, certainly an opportunity in 2024, but I think it's going to continue to slow roll, but over the longer haul, we do think this is a contributor over time that can be meaningful.
Kevin Sayer: I just add to that it feeds to the salesforce investment we're making in the States. We need to educate physicians and patients. And once you get a population of people who have positive outcomes in this space and they go back to their doctors and those conversations start taking place, this becomes easier, but there's a lot of seeding that we have to do to do it and we needed more, more feet on the street to do that.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Kratky with Leerink Partners.
Mike Kratky: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions. One clarifying one on basal. You've previously talked about framing the penetration within basal population relative to the trajectory you saw in insulin intensive type 2 patients. How would you characterize that comparison based on where you are today and also as you're looking out over the next few years?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, yes. So in our long-term guide, we had talked about basal effectively being about six to seven points of adoption as a percentage of the total population here in the US. And I'll start with the US because internationally, there's a coverage as we work through coverage there, there's opportunities. But we had talked about that in our 2025 LRP. In our first couple of quarters, we saw it mirror that to your question, to your point, I should say, that it was mirroring the type 2 intensive, which was about a 9% to 10% penetration rate. Our guide, at least for 2024, assumes the middle between those two, 8%. We got a couple quarters under our belt. It's very, very positive. But we also want to make sure we're prudent when it comes to guidance. And so that's why we've assumed about an 8% penetration rate over the course of 2024. Obviously, if it mirrors that, which we saw in the back half of 2023, there's opportunities to outperform. And clearly, we're tracking ahead of our LRP, which I think is both positive signals, I think, for the business in total. But we, again, our guidance has been 8% as a percent of penetration. Hopefully that helps you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Kevin, you mentioned, to an earlier question, different business models for Stelo. How should we think what the go-to-market could look like? Does it have a Dexcom ONE more direct-to-patient feel? And do you need to make any significant investments in back office support as the denominator really expands as you go after this large non-insulin group?
Kevin Sayer: That is a great question. And that is a very, very pertinent topic of discussion and meeting here within the walls of our company. We are very much evaluating very efficient ways to serve such a large patient group, had a patient group that may interact differently with us than those who've been on insulin over time as we build those models out. So we're looking at distribution models that appear different than what we're doing today, so we can most efficiently get that product to people. And again, starting with cash pay gives us some opportunities to do things a little different than we've done in the past. And so you'll have to stay tuned for that. It's a very thoughtful question and very much in line with everything that's going on here every day.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Matt Miksic with Barclays.
Matt Miksic: Hi, great. Thanks so much for fitting in. So one follow-up on margins and kind of mix as you drive G7 to be a bigger part of your business. You mentioned before, I think we understand the ramping G7 volumes improving gross, large, and profitability of that product line over time. Just wondering if you could share maybe how we should think about the long term. Like in other words, G7 is more profitable now. I mean G6 more profitable now, rather just maturity of those lines so G7 exceed that. Does Stelo trail G7? Does Dexcom ONE with G7 kind of trail that maybe, just some sense directionally of where those are headed over the intermediate and long term would be super helpful as you drive these volumes up. Thanks so much.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, so maybe what I'll talk about is how we're thinking about the cost of the product. And then I think from there we can kind of make some calls on how we think about margin from that perspective. And I'll maybe comment a little bit on the on the service model, which I think is also important because that'll help from the operating margin. So as you think about the G7, just the product itself, as of today, it costs more than G6. And so that'll eventually we expect over the course of this year flip. And as you kind of get your models kind of bent out into kind of laid out, we expect to get down to a $10 sensor, irrespective of whether it's 10 or 15 days as we exit the 2025 LRP into early 2026. So that gives you some kind of feel for where we'll get to the cost of each sensor. Now, each sensor, the hardware is about the same cost, whether it's Stelo, whether it's Dexcom ONE, or whether it's the G-Series. It's the support models, the software, the support, the R&D, the investment in it. And then of course the service models that ultimately then change it. And so as you think about all of the work that we put into the G-Series, the G -Series will have the highest reimbursement, but it'll also have the highest service model and then most investment in software and otherwise. Dexcom ONE is a little bit more of a different service model, and thus we are able to reduce the burden associated with some of the warranty and then the support cost that play into that. And then Stelo is in a 15-day form factor. And so that's helpful from a gross margin perspective as you think through that over time. So I think that's the way to think about the cost profile. We haven't launched the price of Stelo at this point, so we can't necessarily give you the specific margin at this point. Otherwise, it'd be pretty obvious how we're thinking about it. But over time, as that comes out, I think it'll help align the models. And I think there's real opportunities here as you think about a 15-day product starting with Stelo, but as that then makes its way through Dexcom ONE and the G-Series over time, again, more levers there where there's some real opportunities in those product lines to continue to drive profitability. So I think there's levers across all of these. I hope that gives you some context. I realize I'm not giving you a P&L for each one of them, but at least it gives you some context at the hardware costs, and we differentiate on the OpEx costs and service models, and then, of course, the days of wear on each one.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much. It's very easy during these earnings calls to talk about percentages and margins and future technologies, financial guidance, competitors, a whole host of important and engaging topics. But as we wrap up today, I really want to focus on 2023, which is truly the most remarkable year in our history. Let's review these numbers again. $700 million in organic revenue growth, more than a $1 billion in EBITDA, 600, 000 new customers in our active user base, standing up a plant in Asia without missing a beat, and, of course, launching our G7 product all over the world. While best-in-class technology is foundational and fundamental to these types of accomplishment, it doesn't happen without exceptional people going above and beyond. So as we close out 2023, I want to thank our, I guess we are, we're now more than 10, 000 Dexcom employees around the world. Incredibly well done. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dexcom Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Montieth [Ph] and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Christensen, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator and welcome to Dexcom's third quarter 2023 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our third quarter performance on the Dexcom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to Dexcom are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in Dexcom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our third quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today we reported another great quarter for Dexcom with third quarter organic revenue growth of 26% compared to the third quarter of 2022. This year is proving to be one of the most exciting periods in our company's history. Access is expanding faster than ever before and we are seeing new levels of enthusiasm for our differentiated products. This can be seen firsthand in our broader rollout of G7 in the US.  Building upon our legacy of being the most accurate sensor G7s focus on simplicity and affordability continues to attract new customers and prescribers to our platform. Similar to last quarter, the majority of G7 customers continue to be new to Dexcom and we took yet another step forward in expanding our prescribing base.  There are now nearly 18,000 physicians writing scripts for Dexcom, they were not prescribing our products before the G7 launch. This represents a notable increase in our prescribing community in only a short period of time as more clinicians recognize G7's unique feature set, ease of use and market-leading levels of coverage.  This combination has made it incredibly easy for physicians to prescribe Dexcom CGM and drive greater levels of engagement within their patient populations. Additionally, our new G7 software platform is enhancing our value proposition across all patient types. We've implemented new software updates almost monthly since launch with improvements to features like connectivity and alarm personalization.  As one example, we have established new lines of communication in our app to simplify the process of engaging with our customers. We are constantly working behind the scenes to improve the customer experience. And we will continue to operate with this type of focus to ensure that we have the most user-friendly and engaging products on the market.  Our customers know that when you join the Dexcom ecosystem, you get all the benefits today and tomorrow associated with our leading innovation. Our latest product cycle has also coincided with the largest expansion of coverage in our company's history. With significant reimbursement now established beyond intensive insulin use, there are more people with covered access to Dexcom CGM than ever before.  As a reminder, Medicare coverage went live in mid-April for people with type 2 diabetes using basal insulin only, as well as certain non-insulin individuals that experience hypoglycemia. Collectively, these two populations represent nearly seven million people on the US with approximately half being at Medicare age.  Encouragingly, commercial coverage continues to build for this group. We've established market-leading levels of basal-only reimbursement as payers clearly recognize the potential for better outcomes driven by Dexcom. This further supports our industry low out-of-pocket cost for our customers. With a full quarter of broad coverage now under our belt, we continue to be very encouraged by early prescribing trends for this cohort.  We know that last quarter that we experienced an immediate uptick in new patient starts once coverage went live and we have seen a clear continuation of this trend since that time. In fact, we delivered another record Medicare new patient start quarter in Q3 as physicians have quickly adjusted their prescribing patterns to match the new reimbursement landscape.  While early basal adoption trends look very similar to those we previously experienced, once broad coverage became available for intensely managed type 2 diabetes. We view this as a very positive sign of things to come. Importantly, when you combine this broader coverage with our leading center technology, we feel incredibly confident in our market position. Since the launch of G7 we have gained share across all reimburse channels and patient segments in the US and that trend continued this quarter. Even among non-reimburse channels we are seeing more and more interest in Dexcom CGM.  We are also seeing similar dynamics across our international footprint. We have never been better positioned to compete globally from a product, access or capacity perspective and we once again, took international share this quarter as a result. Our product portfolio continues to be a key contributor to this success.  By having multiple products available, we can tailor our offerings to meet the unique needs of individual geographies and reimbursement structures. A great example of this was seen in Francis past quarter where DexCom ONE secured reimbursement for all people on intensive insulin therapy, which represents around half a million people and we have submitted our evidence to extend ad coverage to the basal population.  In addition to advancing our product offerings, we've been continuously working to build greater commercial scale and flexibility to serve each market more effectively. As we discussed at our Investor Day, one way to drive scale is through the conversion of key international markets from distributor to direct operations.  Historically, these conversions have been followed by a notable uptick in performance, as we provide greater levels of support and focus to these markets once we oversee all facets of sales and distribution. Along those lines, we recently made the strategic decision to go direct in Japan. As a reminder, Japan became one of the first countries to establish broad reimbursement for anyone taking insulin late last year, representing more than one million lives.  Despite this the market remains in its very early stages, and we will continue to work to drive much greater CGM adoption over time as we initiate direct sales in the second quarter of next year.  Finally, at EASD this month, we added to our substantial base of distinctive clinical evidence with new data around long term Dexcom CGM outcomes and inheritance the impact of Dexcom ONE for type two, diabetes and performance within the pregnancy setting. Study after study, we continue to demonstrate Dexcom's position as a cornerstone within the evolving diabetes care, and metabolic help landscape.  Across a wide range of customers and care settings our product plays a unique role in providing real-time information that can drive behavior change, greater patient accountability, and more informed therapy decisions. Like everyone else, we have also been interested to see the latest data behind new drug therapies.  We believe these drugs playing important role in the care continuum and it is encouraging to see new solutions emerging and a growing appreciation around the need for better and earlier care. Data continues to demonstrate that clinicians prefer to use CGM together with these drugs to drive the best possible outcomes.  In fact, we shared claims data this quarter that showed prescribing trends for CGM increase once someone is initiated GLP-1 therapy as clinicians favor Dexcom for both its protective features and ability to support lifestyle management. As an update, we looked at trailing 12 month data through August 2023 would suggest this dynamic is even more pronounced among the newest generation of these drugs.  The data clearly showed that CGM usage grows faster and GLP-1users, then those who are not on therapy. This further demonstrates the complementary nature of Dexcom CGM across all therapy regimes in diabetes. As we look forward, we continue to ensure that we advance our unique role within the ecosystem of care as we progress, our mission of empowering people to take control of health.  This will include launching new products such as our non-insulin product coming next summer, as well as advancing our ongoing clinical work across much broader populations. We are still very early in our story in terms of potential impact and the number of lives we can ultimately touch. Our future is incredibly bright.  With that, I will turn it over to Jereme for a review of the third quarter financials. Jereme? 
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliation is to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website.  For the third quarter of 2023, we reported worldwide revenue of $975 million compared to $770 million for the third quarter of 2022, representing growth of 27% on a reported basis and 26% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes currency, in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired or divested in the trailing, 12 months.  US revenue totaled $714 million for the third quarter, compared to $573 million in the third quarter of 2022, representing growth of 24%. Between the ongoing success of our G7 launch and significant expansion of coverage for Dexcom this year, our US business is really hitting its stride. This is particularly noticeable when looking at our new customer start trends which again outpaced our expectations for this quarter.  This dynamic has now played out for several quarters in a row and we are seeing the direct result of that continued momentum. In the third quarter, we saw revenue growth accelerate compared to last quarter and we delivered our fastest quarterly growth rate in over two years.  International revenue grew 33% totaling $261 million in the third quarter. International organic revenue growth was 30% for the third quarter. We continued to execute incredibly well in our international markets. Our product portfolio strategy, ongoing access work and growing commercial traction helped us again gain share this quarter.  We had a particularly strong quarter across our European footprint as we saw growth remained similar to the accelerated level we saw in the second quarter. An item of note is we did have slower growth coming from our non-CGM business as well as relatively flat performance in Japan, as we worked with our distributor partner to start the process of transitioning to direct sales.  As a reminder, when we made our distributor acquisition in 2021, we also inherited a business that distributed products outside of the diabetes space. We recently made the decision to spin off this unit to focus entirely on our CGM and diabetes technologies in this region which we think will enhance our execution in the market. We expect the deal to close in early 2024 and we want to thank our employees for their continued strong work through the transition in the space.  Our third quarter gross profit was $630 million or 64.7% of revenue, compared to 64.2% of revenue in the third quarter of 2022. We are very proud of our gross margin performance in the quarter. This is another testament to the top tier work our operations team continues to deliver this year. Despite managing through a new product launch, we have improved yields on both the G6 and G7 platforms. In addition, Q3 gross margins benefited from a stronger than expected mix of G6 customers as our pump users eagerly await G7AID integration.  When this transition starts in the coming weeks, we expect an acceleration in our base shift to G7. While G7 currently has a higher unit cost profile than G6 and will over the near term, we expect this to become our highest margin product as we drive greater volumes and economies of scale over the course of 2024 and beyond.  Operating expenses were $392 million for Q3 of 2023, compared to $333 million in Q3 of 2022. Our focus on cost management again stood out this quarter as we delivered over 300 basis points of operating expense leverage. This now marks the seventh straight quarter that we have generated at least 250 basis points of year-over-year operating expense leverage. We will continue to invest in the growth of the business while finding ways to be even more efficient.  Operating income was $238.9, million or 24.5% of revenue in the third quarter of 2023, compared to $160.8 million or 20.9% of revenue in the same quarter of 2022. This margin represents a new quarterly record for Dexcom.  Adjusted EBITDA was $314.5 million or 32.3% of revenue for the third quarter, compared to $226.6 million or 29.4% of revenue for the third quarter of 2022. This margin also represents a new quarterly record for Dexcom.  Net income in the third quarter was $203 million or $0.50 per share. We remain in a very strong financial position as we closed out the quarter with greater than $3.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents. Our ability to generate consistent and growing free cash flow is becoming more apparent every quarter and we delivered the highest free cash flow quarter in our company's history in Q3.  This provides us a lot of flexibility to be thoughtful and opportunistic in our capital allocation decisions. Along those lines, we are excited to announce a $500 million share repurchase program today. Given our very strong underlying fundamentals and outlook, we see, this is a great time step into the market and buyback our stock.  This program also provides the added benefit of more than offsetting any remaining dilution related to our 2023 convertible notes as the remainder of these are reaching maturity in the coming weeks.  Turning to guidance, we are raising our full year 2023 revenue guidance to a range of $3.575 billion to $3.6 billion representing growth of 23% to 24% for the year. Our updated revenue guidance reflects an increase of over $60 million at the midpoint, compared to our previous guidance. It is more than $165 million higher than where we guided to start the year.  From a margin perspective, we are raising our full year non-GAAP gross margin guidance to approximately 64%. We are also increasing our non-GAAP operating and adjusted EBITDA margin guidance for the year to approximately 19% and 28% respectively.  With that, I will pass it back to Kevin. 
Kevin Sayer: Thanks Jereme. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. We also have Jake Leach, our Chief Operating Officer and Terry Lauver, our Chief Commercial Officer joining us for our question, answer session. Sean? 
Sean Christensen : Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from, Robbie Marcus with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Robert Marcus: Oh, great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on an absolutely fantastic quarter. There is a lot to talk about here but just keeping it to one question. What really showed just so much upside was the US number this quarter along with the profitability. So question really is, one, how much of that do we ascribe to the new basal indication with growth from both Medicare and commercial patients.  And we started to see this in France and Japan and I hear that a lot of European countries might over the course of 24 start covering for basal. So the question is really how much is basal contributing today? And how big can it be over the coming years if all of Europe starts to bring on enhanced reimbursemen something that would have been unimaginable just 12 months ago. Thanks a lot. 
Jereme Sylvain: Hey, thanks, Robbie. This is Jereme. Appreciate the comments. I can take that one and we address it from there. In terms of what the contribution was this quarter from basal, obviously we had a really strong quarter this quarter, record new patients once again and obviously raised the guide on the year. Now some of that does come from basal. There's no question there as we continue to open up reimbursement. The new patients are coming along and Kevin mentioned it. We're starting to see basal follow similar patterns to type two intensive, which, when you think about coming into this year, it's about 40% to 45% adoption, but really the curve is starting to follow that. So we're very excited about the opportunity there. And so that's in the US and certainly clearly that's playing out here.  In terms of OUS, it's a great opportunity. One of the things we've seen outside the US is as access is created creates significant opportunities for growth. And you've seen our actions over the course of the past few years. We've created a lot of access for our products, and in turn our international markets have grown incredibly well and there's a large population outside the US that that this would ultimately apply it to once you have basal coverage.  So it could be an absolute - an absolute tailwind for us for years and years to come. It's something obviously we're very excited about. We don't get ahead of ourselves, right? We have to get that coverage in place. But the bullishness you hear about the US experience is what we would expect to see as more and more coverage comes and so we leave very excited about the future holds. 
Robert Marcus: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor Andrew with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Margaret Kaczor : Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Obviously a lot of talk in the quarter and I'm sure a lot of people get through that. But one of the things that I wanted to share, was any dialogue you may be having with clinical societies around where CGM fits within the treatment paradigm. Specifically focused on non-insulin users and I ask obviously there could be a change in guidelines with GLP's right now. And so, can you use some of those discussions to pull forward CGM use as well? And again, if it's not now when - it doesn't even matter. Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, its Kevin, I'll take that. We have had discussions with the societies on expanding coverage for people with type 2 diabetes not on insulin. And those discussions continue. We've seen a gradual uptick for lack of a better word in the guidelines as CGM use from all professionals societies over the last several years.  And as we gather more data, as we see more data come in from studies were aware of over the next 12 months, we believe we can continue to build a better case. Every time we run a study or look at a study from this population in this group, people on CGM do better. It's just simple. They have better outcomes. They're more adherent to their meds. They have a feedback loop that they don't have any other way.  We're very excited about this opportunity. That's why we're going with the product where we've talked about filing before the end of the year and launching next year, our product is designed for people not on insulin. And we think it's going to be a great product offering on this front going forward. So we're looking forward to it, and I think we'll be able to write this script the same way we've written the script in our industry so far. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and reiterate my congratulations on a really strong quarter here. Jereme, I wanted to ask about the guidance and any comments on next year, the math if I'm doing it correctly it implies Q4 growth slows by about 400 basis points. You don't get the same quarter-over-quarter of lift you typically see.  And so, why is that in any - any reason why the, momentum for sales growth would slow next year and any -anything we should think about on the margins that should be implications from Japan. Thank you. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, so thanks for the question, Larry. So, in terms of where the guide goes, I think you're right, it does imply a tad of a d-cell. Most of that I would say is related to really comps historically over time. And Larry you've tracked us for a while. So as we move more out of commercial, DME and into pharmacy, typically we have enough uptick into Q4 in those DME environments. As more and more of our of our folks go through the retail channel, you kind of lose some of that.  So really you're playing about it's really about seasonality within the course of a year. So we're not trying to imply anything. Really what we're trying to say is, this is the trajectory we see it going with seasonality. This is our - again, our base case, as we start to look at guidance over the course of the year. And so the trends - underlying trends if there's nothing to say there. I mean the underlying trends in this business remains strong.  I don't think we're trying to imply anything other than that. We do expect you kind of referenced Japan. There could be around the fringes until we go direct a little bit of a stable as opposed to necessarily growing story around Japan. And so that is around the fringe, but that represents a really small piece of the business on the international side. Really what you're seeing is just us being mindful about seasonality in our base case and then certainly if we can outperform, we'll do what we traditionally do, which is tried to do so. 
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. And I will also say, congrats on a really great quarter. I was just curious, so Jereme, you alluded to the fact that basal seems to be starting to ramp similar to how the influenza census. Type 2 did when you got coverage there. What about from a utilization perspective? Any color you can give on how these basal patients are adopting technology? Is it similar to what you saw in the novel study. I know it's early, but we should have had some reorders right now. So just curious what you're seeing. Thanks so much. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, really appreciate the congrats. Thanks. What we see is and Terry is here. So what I can do is, I can give you kind of what we're seeing maybe numbers wise, but maybe Terry can kind of take you into the day-to-day interaction with patients. Numbers wise, we haven't seen much of a change at this point. The population does has reorders relatively in the same capacity as in the past.  And so that's a good early indicator, but maybe Terry can take you through what she's hearing and seeing in the field around the excitement around basal and who wants to use it. 
Terry Lauver: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy and thanks, Danielle. The trends as Kevin referenced that we see in basal in terms of uptake and intention to prescribe from the physicians mirror what we've seen in other segments of the marketplace And the coverage has certainly a big driver of that, We track coverage very closely for Dexcom for the industry. And in basal as with the rest of the market, Dexcom continues to be the most covered CGM with the lowest out-of-pocket copay.  We also have the benefit of being out in front of the payers and the healthcare providers with the mobile study demonstrating the benefit and the outcomes that Dexcom drives for this population. So we see a nice trajectory I think in line with what we would expect and we expect that to continue. 
Danielle Antalffy: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Matt Taylor: Hey, thanks for taking the question and congrats on the results. I guess, I just wanted to ask you, Kevin you talked a bit more here about the combination therapy or benefit that CGMs fee with GLP-1s. And I was wondering if you had thought about partnering with the pharma companies, or maybe running studies to show that over time. There is a benefit to using CGM with the drug. Things like that that might give investors even more confidence longer terms in the future of CGM in a good world. 
Kevin Sayer : Well, certainly, we think about partnering with the drug companies, but they're doing so well. Right now, they're very busy. We do have relationships them and have had discussions. With respect to studies we certainly talk about some of those internally.  We saw clinical evidence over at the EASD Meeting recently where that was a large topic of discussion that the team brought back and we're very aware of studies coming out over the first half of 2024 that are going to show some of these data for the use of these combo of these new drugs and CGM in combination and how that works for people.  So we know there's evidence coming in investigator initiated studies. And we're looking at some of our own right now. I think today will continue to support it. 
Matt Taylor: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. 
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Can you maybe Jereme you mentioned this, but you talk about the G7 integration that's upcoming here in the next few weeks. Is that is that literally sometime in November we'll start to see that? And then, just talk about what that's going to do in terms of trying to access new patients but also converting existing G6 users over to G7. Any kind of disruption that that could cause in Q4 for then early next year? Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer : Yeah. Hey Matt. We have Jake here right now who's familiar with. So Jake, what do you think? 
Jake Leach : Yeah, sure. So, we are very excited about transitioning our G6 AID users over to G7 once those pump partners have compatibility. Thats coming very rapidly. And we really think it's going to be important for those users to be able to access the benefits of G7. It's the most accurate sensor. So having that driving those AID systems, were really looking forward to seeing that out in the marketplace.  No real disruption. Those users will basically just switch over for tandem at the firmware update to the pumps and they'll just switch over to G6 or to G7 once they get their G6 supplies are utilized, and they get the new prescription for G7. So, very much looking forward to that product be in the field. 
Matthew O'Brien: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blackman with Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Blackman: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. So we did a big CDM survey last month and one of the most interesting takeaways were very positive early expectations for the non-insulin opportunity. Docs expecting peak penetration over time so to approach the 50 plus percent range and with a pretty steep adoption curve. So it really does seems so much similar to the type 2 intensive roll out. Just hoping for any color on how that tracks versus your expectations for non-insulin assuming some reimbursement over time? Just any color there would be helpful. Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer : You know what? I'll take that one. And I appreciate the question and that's long been our view. And in fact, one of the things I tell the guys here frequently is, well, it took us many years to build the intensive insulin marketing and get this technology adopted rapidly. I don't believe the curve is going to be near that long in this type two world.  Once people start using this product and we gear an experience towards what will be meaningful to them, because what is meaningful to them is different than the ones meaningful to our current patients again driven by the performance of our product, and they have accurate data. But once we get an experience that enhances their lives with respect to the performance of their medications for what exercise does, what they're various nutrition does in their lives and can add other insights from other sensors we think we can create a tremendous healthcare experience in this market.  And we do think we can ultimately push towards reimbursement and possibly we encouraged to have a new product category, altogether for those individuals. We are pretty thrilled about it. I think it's going to be a great, great opportunity. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And Matt it's and thank you for that study. Obviously, we saw it as well. In terms of timing, I think one of the things that our obligation as a management team is to make sure as we start to see it as we launch products that are geared to this population, we keep you in line with what we see. So we can have a collective understanding about where that market is going over time. So be assured as we start to get more line of sight into and obviously, you can tell we're very bullish on the opportunity. We'll make sure we communicate that as quarters proceed. 
Matthew Blackman: Thank you. Appreciate it everybody. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please go ahead. 
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much for taking the question and let me also say great quarter. One of the things that really stuck out to me this quarter was margins and operating margins, of course that you were tied but even your SG&A was well contained, does this create a new - I don't know, go forward rate? Or how to how do I think about this? Because that's for, that's quite nice. 
Kevin Sayer : Yeah, thanks for that question. I'll take the, the portion on gross margin and then Jereme can talk about operating margin. So, with gross margin, we're really thrilled with the results this quarter. It's really a testament to how well our operations teams are executing across both G6 and G7. Our yields on the G7 scale up were a little ahead of where we planned which is a fantastic thing to in place to be.  As we look at the transition from the AID patients from G6 to G7, one of the things that is implied in our guide there for gross margin for the year and into next year as we look in the long range, we are going to be switching those patients over G7, which G7 today is at a slightly lower gross margin just based on the where it is and its product life cycle. G6 is a higher margin product today.  Over time, as we do switch our base all over to G7 and continue to scale that product, we have a very good path to getting to lower costs than G6 on that over time. But what we're trying to be on that guidance transparent around the margin - gross margin for the product just as we do that transition. 
Jereme Sylvain : Yeah. And then to your question on operating margin and how our spend profile lays out, its certainly a great quarter and I think we're really happy with it. At the end of the day, we raised our full year guidance to 19% on the Op margin perspective and that's on the back of some of the work we're doing around it. At Investor Day we talked about a cost to execute initiative and a lot of that was around driving profitability. So I think you can expect us to continue to look at driving operating margin over time. There will be ebbs and flows as we invest in the business for growth. And so, I think it's reasonable to expect ebbs and flows, but I'll kind of rewind back to where we started the year, right? When we are JPMorgan we issued guidance of around 16.5% operating margin and now we're talking about exiting the year at 19%.  And that's just all around the work of just being highly efficient around how we deliver service, how we deliver support, how we look to acquire customers. All of the things that we try to do. You can tell we are absolutely focused on making sure we do so in an efficient manner while continuing to reinvest in the business. 
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. I will admit I missed most of the prepared comments. I jumped on right as Matt O'Brien was asking his question. But it was a G7 integration question for Matt and Jake from your answer, I just wanted to ask one follow-up question, I guess if I could. Weve started to hear just in the last week or two that maybe there's a, maybe newer version of G7 that has to come along to fully integrate with control IQ.  Just if you've been clear, if I what I'm hearing in the field or help me understand what I'm hearing in the field and that that newer version of G7 is only going to be available for the first couple months here in the DME channel and eventually in pharmacy as of January 1. So what's going on there? And is that anything at all from an investor perspective we need to think about worry about impact numbers at all?  It doesn't sound like to me, but just would love the insight there. Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer : Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the question, Jeff. So, yeah, as we continually scale the G7 platform, we've actually made several enhancements to the product both on the software side. But also on the hardware side items. And so we actually recently made an update to the Bluetooth capability on the product, both increasing the frequency that it can reconnect to a device, as well as the performance of the Bluetooth radio itself. So that product is compatible with the tandem pump and is already shipping globally, both here in the US and internationally. And we don't expect there to be any issue with people being able to upgrade their tandem pumps to the G7 compatibility. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. And Jeff, no, Marge and concerns. No question. This is really far for the course in what we do in terms of iterations over time. A lot of times you don't necessarily hear about it. We went through this with the G6, you'll remember it, We had a transmitter swap out which ultimately came through at a lower cost higher performance.  I would expect more of these types of changes over time whether it's software, and hardware as we continue to make improvements to the platform over time as part of just continuous improvement.
Jeff Johnson: The DME is only availability through the end of this year. Is that just to control kind of access initially or just anything I'm missing there? 
Kevin Sayer : No, there's nothing you're missing there. There's a product that'll be out in all channels. And so really I think what you're hearing is, is timing questions about when you burn through things. That's, I think more anecdotal than anything else. Everybody's going to be able to have access to this thing in short order. It might start through the DME, just because that's the channel that you can generally start through. But this product will be available everywhere. 
Jereme Sylvain: Well, and that also accommodates a lot of our tandem pumpers because they get a lot of their products. Supplies through the DME channel to you Jeff. So, this has been well thought out. 
Jeff Johnson: Perfect. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Travis Steed: Congrats everybody on the good quarter. Maybe just talk about the buyback, the thought process for the buyback. How much of thats related to the convert versus to seeing or stock at a attractive valuation and is buyback something we should think about - going forward now that you've got your free cash flow at a good level? 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, so we think about the buybacks in multiple different ways. Certainly, we want to limit dilution and that's something we always think about as we launch converts. One of the other things we do, when we launch converts is obviously they come at a lower cash cost. And so when we have the opportunity to take the incremental cash that we're making through those and give that back to shareholders, we certainly do so. And then, look, at the end of the day well it's not for us to comment on share price. Thats certainly for others. We are highly, highly, highly bullish on our business over the long term. And so when we see an opportunity to invest in our business, either in the form of investment and capabilities, or by purchasing stock back, we certainly want to take those opportunities,. Whether or not we, we do these all the time, look, its been two consecutive years we've done that. So it's something we'll certainly always look at. You can tell we're not shy about it, but we'll always take a look at it and make sure that we're opportunistic around it, as well as you know, representing the bullishness we have in our business. 
Travis Steed: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Marie Thibault with BTIG. Please go ahead. 
Marie Thibault: Hey. Great quarter. Thanks for taking the question. I hope you could just expand on the comment in the prepared remarks about a even more pronounced dynamic of complementarity between CGM use and the GLP-1s. Just curious to get more details on the magnitude of that and any thoughts on why that would be the more pronounced with the latest generation? Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer: Well, this is Kevin. I'll have Jeremy jump into because he's more familiar with the underlying data than I am. But the underlying data as we research as much as we can indicates with the new compounds of the physicians are also prescribing CGM for the GLP-1 users as they add GLP-1 to diabetes therapies they're already existing. They want to give these patients a scoreboard to let them know how they're doing and they're seeing very good results from the GLP-1s in combination with other therapies, they're on. And then you add a sensor to it, you can see. Okay, I've taken this drug and look at my habits have changed.  Look how my average glucose has changed over the course of a week or a month versus where it was before. And so we think we're a vital tool in a very good tool and the underlying data that we're seeing in prescriptions supports that. I dont know Jereme if you have anything else to add. 
Jereme Sylvain : No, that's exactly it. You're asking kind of the why the reason, Marie, I mean, we have clinicians tell us all the time to administer drugs as potent as these are and ultimately to ensure that they are effective both while they're on the drug and while they're coming off the drug and how they ultimately engage going forward.  There's a high correlation of interest in CGM and the more and more folks we speak to they're saying, why wouldn't you want to understand what's going on in the body has to how to better understand, one to titrate the drugs, but then how to change behaviors and get folks off the drugs over the long haul. So you're just seeing more and more of that and the script data proves it. 
Marie Thibault: Very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from William Plovanic with Cannacord. Please go ahead. 
Caitlin Cronin: Hi, this is Caitlin on for Bill Plovanic and yeah congrats on a great quarter. Just maybe I touch on the non-insulin product. I think you mentioned that it was going to come about next summer. Anymore color you can provide on the specific product features, you haven't talked about before and any updates kind of on the price corner where you are with payer conversations. Thank you. 
Jake Leach: Yeah, this is Jake. I'll take the first part about the product. So, yeah, we're extremely excited about it. We've already finished the clinical trial required for that submission for the end of this year, for the product. It's 15 day meets ICGM criteria. So, really, really excited about that. And the product is all about helping people really engage with their health.  So it is a different - completely different software experience than what our G series and Dexcom ONE products are. I'm not going to get into all the specific features yet. But rest assured, our focus is to ensure that people will get the benefit of CGM and basically helping them connect the dots to their lifestyle. And it's really important tool help them learn about no matter what therapy they're on. And how their metabolic health can be improved. And so, really excited. Teams just finishing up validations on the product. We're looking forward to launching it next year. 
Terry Lauver : And Caitlin, hi, it's Terry. Thanks for the question. This product, like, all of our products starts with unique insights into the needs of our customers. So, we're really excited to bring a product to the market that is designed specifically for those who are not on insulin. This is a highly motivated group, but it has different needs, different health needs, different lifestyle needs, and different products and feature needs versus those who are on insulin.  So we've designed the product specifically for that group understanding what additional medications they might be on. And we are excited to bring this to the market probably in summer of next year, is what we're tracking to. 
Kevin Sayer: And over time, we'll look for reimbursement. We've talked about this as a cash pay option to start and that's how we'll do it as far as the exact pricing that remains to be determined when we launch. We are not going to give that out yet. So we're excited as you can tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Jayson Bedford: Thanks and good afternoon. So, two questions that require one word answers. What's the, what's the timeline on basal coverage in France? And then, maybe for Jereme, whats the annual revenue contribution from that business they expect to sell off and looking the first half of 24. 
Jereme Sylvain : Yeah. So, easy answers, basal expected 2024 in France. Timing exactly will depend on the government bodies, but we expect it in the first half of 2024 and the approximate contribution from the business being spun off is $30 million annual run rate. 
Jayson Bedford: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Polark with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Michael Polark: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. In the prepared remark, you mentioned you believe you have gained share across all reimbursement channels and segments and then added even in non-reimbursed channels. I'm curious, I'm in clearly we know about the innovation work here and the product launch and that might be the answer.  But is there anything commercially you're doing different in the cash pay market today thats influencing that comment? 
Kevin Sayer: No, we do have a cash pay program right now with G7. But we've not done anything significant. I'll go back mainly to our coverage. I mean, G7 coverage is coming to a rate much faster than anything we've done before. Not just on the basal side, but also on the intensive insulin side in every place else. So we're widely covered and people find it very easy to get and very easy to pick it up in the channel that they choose to pursue.  And we offer the cash pay program and that there are people taking advantage of it. They like G7. They liked the different form factor. The ease of use in the things that we offer. So we have seen an increase there. But it's not something we're pushing really hard. 
Michael Polark: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer and Company. Please go ahead. 
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. Congrats guys. Obviously a lot of focus on basal as expected, but you do of course have coverage now for non-insulin hypo at risk, which is sizable population in its own right? Can you talk about what you're hearing from physicians on the use of CGM there? And are you hearing anything in the field that changes your initial view on how big that opportunity can be in particular? 
Terry Lauver: Thanks Steve. It's Terry. We're only about six months since the implementation of that CMS decision. So it's still an evolving landscape for the problematic hypoglycemia group. But we see a real opportunity to continue to build coverage with the payers to continue to educate them.  And to build education with the HCP community keeping in mind that this is a population where historically we haven't thought a lot about CGM use and utilization. But the data that we now have that supported the CMS decision and that we will continue to build to bring to the payers is really compelling. So we see a tremendous opportunity here and one that's still quite niche  and with a lot of upside in the future. 
Steve Lichtman: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Josh Jennings: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I know you have a lot in front of you with type 2 basal and the cash pay product being launched next year. But you did mention that you're pursuing reimbursement, Kevin, for type two, and non-insulin using patients. I was just hoping to better understand the roadmap that the clinical development program and should the investors would be thinking two to three years for that potential reimbursement to come in or its three to five years?  And then just on top of that, just what's giving you optimism that you can show a clinically meaningful and statistically reduction. If anyone seeing that type two non-insulin using population, I think you had some registry data and I know you had some registry data at ADA this year. But any other signals and drivers of your confidence. Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer: Like, we have done numerous studies and every time we introduce CGM to this population, we see lower A1C, higher time and range and all the other vital signs of these patients get better. And so, we're confident that we have a positive impact. I'll add a couple of other things that we've heard in my own travels and travels with the group.  One of the things everybody is concerned about is adherence to meds. With CGM, we can - patients can see what happens when they adhere to their meds. And when they taken it whichever type two therapy they're on, they can see what happens if they take their metformin every morning or their SGLT two pill or even the effect of their GLP-1 injection every week, they can see what happens and that adherence the drugs leads to better, health on overall basis.  And let's be clear. It's not like diabetes growth to slow down anywhere. Diabetes still continues to grow rapidly in the constant diabetes care, as great as all of our technologies have been continues to increase. So, if we can be a cog in that wheel to whereby we add an element of cost, it's not that significant when you look at the grand scheme of things, but can reduce many other costs and could reduce complications as they spend on other things and possibly slow down the train on some of the meds people have to move to. We think we have a great role to play here.  And that's how we look at it. I don't think it's going to take five years. I think this is more of two to three year journey, but you know what, that's the gospel according to me. I don't have anything else to base that on, but you'll see data continue to pile up in this segment particularly as we launch a cash pay product to start and then get some basic reimbursement from that from others for making our case.  Obviously, building a case with CMS like we did for mobile on basal that was data produced by Dexcom. We're pretty good at that. So we'll keep pushing. 
Josh Jennings: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic was Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Matt Miksic: Hey, good afternoon and congrats on the quarter and appreciate all the all the color today on the call. If I could follow up on a comment you made Kevin earlier about the number of new prescribers posts driven by the G7 launch and get some color if you could share it around, is that, that sort of getting further into the sort of simple, simplicity  simple user segment of the market? Is it linked to any way to the basal coverage? What you're assessment of what's been driving that? And, other than G7, just being great. But and then also, maybe the implications for share trends in the US if that continues? Thanks. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, hey, Matt this is Jereme. I can take this. And by the way, it's all intentional, right? We have a commercial team that's done an incredible job of identifying areas to go and doctors to really certainly focus on where we can come in with the products demonstrate obviously it's the most accurate, certainly, it's easy to use.  And with the coverage we have, I think it really demonstrates to the physicians and their prescribing patterns. Look, we can we have the lowest out of pockets for these patients and we can ultimately keep them on therapy and adherence for a much longer period. So, I think that in addition to obviously G7 and all the features it has inherent and it has allowed these physicians to make the change.  But it's so wonderful product, wonderful coverage and absolutely intentionality by the sales team. I mean just it's a great job by those - that team identifying who those targets are going out there and addressing it. So, it's no coincidence and that 18,000 incremental prescribers, a significant amount in the PCP space and a lot of folks are switching.  These PCPs are switching from who they prescribe today and moving over to Dexcom. So we're really proud of it and obviously it was a 1,000 in the first quarter, 8,000 in the second quarter and another 9,000 this quarter. So it is the message is getting out and its meaningful. 
Matt Miksic: That's great. Thank you for the color. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Kratky with Leerink Partners. Please go ahead. 
Mike Kratky: Yeah, hi everyone. Thanks for taking our question, Just going back to basal only, what's the latest basal only commercial coverage you have in place? And how are you thinking about what the cadence and what's needed to bridge that gap to get more full coverage? 
Terry Lauver: This is Terry. Happy to take that one. We track coverage very closely for Dexcom and for the industry and Dexcom is the most covered CGM with the lowest out of socket copay. That is true for the overall population in US commercial lives and it's also true for the basal population. That I would say, keep in mind that we were out with the mobile study in front of the payers, even before the CMS decision came through. So we continue to look into lead in the coverage for this population. 
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah, and then, your question was as how much - what more do we need to go. The answer is, it's not more. A lot of commercial payers were already really covering this. Now Terry referenced we have the most wide covered - coverage on basal. It's really now just - it's time. It takes time to get in front of payers, Medicaid payers, government payers.  And so, it's, it's just canvassing, and by the way, this is not something that we didn't face with type 1, it's not something we didn't face with type 2 intensive. And so just give us time, but a majority of people walking around with using basal insulin now have access to CGM technology. It's a wonderful thing to the population. 
Mike Kratky: Understood. Thanks very much. 
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session for today. I will now turn to call over to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. This was truly a banner quarter for us. This was our first quarter with over $200 million in year-over-year quarterly growth. And the second consecutive quarter of record financial performance and market share gains on all fronts. Our G7 launch remains in its early stages. There is tremendous amount of minimum left in this launch with our plan upgrades to the system and also, our upcoming AID integrations.  In addition to continuing to perform in these traditional metrics, our companys growth is a world-class organization on a number of fronts continues to be recognized. Dexcom is recognized by Forbes as one of the top five organizations to work for in the State of California. By the way, three of the top five universities, so we're one of two companies in that group. Were recognized by News Week as one of the 300 top green organizations acknowledging our great work our teams to advance our sustainability initiatives and we are considering this very thoroughly in all of our product development efforts going forward.  Finally, we've been recognized by FAST Technologies as one of the brands that matters. Great honors for our company. I want to thank everybody here at Dexcom who makes these great things happen and thank everybody for your continued support. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect  Thank you.  Next calm. Third quarter twenty conference. You may now disconnect

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dexcom Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Abby and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Christensen you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby and welcome to Dexcom's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President and CEO who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time we ask the analyst to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter performance on the Dexcom's investor relations website on the events and presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to Dexcom are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in Dexcom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today we reported another great quarter for Dexcom with second quarter organic revenue growth of 26% compared to the second quarter of 2022. Demand for Dexcom's CGM continues to grow as access to our product is expanding faster than at any time in our company's history. In the first half of 2023 alone, we broadened our product portfolio strategy, extended our geographic reach and meaningfully expanded reimbursed coverage for Dexcom CGM. As we sit at the midpoint of this pivotal year for our company, we have a lot to be excited about. In the U.S., our launch of G7 continues to gain momentum. Customers and clinicians alike are sharing consistently great feedback around G7's sevens ease of use, discrete form factor, faster warm up time and redesigned software platform. With this product, we've extended our leadership position in accuracy and product performance while taking a significant step forward in terms of simplicity. It has never been easier to use or prescribe a Dexcom CGM, and we are attracting new customers and prescribers to our ecosystem as a result. Similar to last quarter, we have seen a continuation of the trend that the majority of our G7 users have been new to Dexcom. Additionally, there are now 8,000 physicians writing scripts for G7 in the U.S that were previously not prescribing Dexcom. We designed G7 to hold broad market appeal, and these early prescribing trends are validating those efforts. Behind the scenes we continue to drive reimbursement for G7. As a reminder, we established Medicare and broad commercial DME coverage during the first quarter, while rapidly progressing our commercial pharmacy contracts. We further advanced this process in the second quarter as expected, and we are excited to share that all major PBMs now cover Dexcom G7. This occurred much faster than we originally anticipated and brings our total number of G7 covered lives nearly in line with our industry leading G6 levels. This further strengthens our position as the most covered CGM brand is we prioritize keeping out of pocket costs low for our customers. As a reminder, the majority of our customers are paying less than $20 a month out of pocket in the pharmacy channel, which is significantly less than our nearest competitor where the majority of customers are paying greater than $70 per month. We are also seeing G7 play a very important role for us as we move more broadly beyond intensive insulin management. We've taken a big step in that direction this year following the recent CMS decision to significantly expand coverage beyond intensive insulin use. As of mid April, Medicare coverage officially kicked in for people with type 2 diabetes using basal insulin only as well as certain non-insulin using individuals who have experienced hypoglycemia. This resulted in a true step change in coverage for the industry. As we estimate, these two populations represent around 6 million to 7 million people in the U.S with roughly half being of Medicare age. It has also been encouraging to see commercial payers quickly follow suit. We have already established greater than 60% commercial coverage for the basal population, which we view as a validation of Dexcom's value proposition by payers. We are thrilled to have this level of coverage established as quickly as it provides us much greater commercial flexibility to promote this opportunity. While still early, the initial response from the clinical community has been very encouraging. Physicians have wasted no time in prescribing Dexcom to their basal patients as they recognize a clear potential for better outcomes among this population. We have also seen excitement coming directly from members of the basal community who are interested in engaging with their glucose data to make more informed lifestyle decisions. As a result, we have seen a notable uptick in demand in our Medicare business. In fact, Q2 was our highest new patient quarter within the Medicare channel in the history of our company. Considering this was only a partial quarter of expanded coverage, we view this as a very positive sign of things to come. In our international business, our share gains accelerated in the second quarter as our ongoing access initiatives and product portfolio strategy have helped us reach many more people with diabetes across the globe. We expanded our international G7 launch in the second quarter into 6 new markets. G7 is being met with a lot of enthusiasm in our initial launch countries and we are excited to bring it to additional geographies in the coming months. This will include our launch of G7 into Canada where we recently received regulatory clearance. We have plenty of inventory on hand to support this broader rollout, particularly with our Malaysia facility now producing commercial product. Another key international lever for us has been our broader rollout of DexCom ONE. DexCom ONE has proven to accelerate our entrance into new markets, broaden access within existing geographies and even serve as a catalyst for reimbursement in certain regions. Perhaps most noteworthy this past quarter is that we officially launched DexCom ONE in Argentina, which marks our initial entrance into Latin America. We expect this to only be a starting point for us in that region as we continue to expand our global reach in coming years. Finally, we came away from the American Diabetes Association's 83rd Scientific Sessions as excited as ever about our future. This year's event added to the growing body of evidence demonstrating Dexcom CGM's ability to drive greater health and economic outcomes across the diabetes care continuum, particularly, we are seeing more data suggesting a clear use beyond the intensive insulin population and even outside of insulin use all together. For example, our team presented a real world study of more than 7,000 adults with type 2 diabetes who were not using insulin. After only 3 months, this cohort saw a 40% increase in time and range and a clinically meaningful improvement in A1c levels. Perhaps just as important was the high-level of engagement demonstrated as study participants wore Dexcom CGM more than 80% of the time. This was consistent with what we have seen in other broader type 2 studies, including the MOBILE trial where we saw high levels of utilization and a clear desire to continue to our Dexcom CGM full time. During ADA weekend we hosted an Investor Day where we shared our latest vision around the future of Dexcom. As part of the day we increased our LRP, provided new detail on the size of our recent access wins and shared our plan to launch a product specifically for people not on insulin. With this product we will leverage our G7 hardware, but provide a custom software experience tailored to this broader population. We expect to launch early next year with a 15-day wear time and cash pay option. This will simplify access out of the gate for users as we build the case with payers for broader coverage. Importantly, this new product also provides a glimpse into our future where we expect to utilize software to build tailored experiences and serve much larger populations. As we said at Investor Day we're just getting started. With that, I will turn it over to Jereme for a review of the second quarter financials. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the second quarter of 2023, we reported worldwide revenue of $871 million, compared to $696 million for the second quarter of 2022, representing growth of 26% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes currency in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired in the trailing 12 months. U.S revenue totaled $617 million for the second quarter, compared to $511 million in the second quarter of 2022, representing growth of 21%. We delivered another record new customer star quarter in Q2 with continued momentum in the U.S as our G7 launch gained additional traction and the recently finalized CMS coverage provided a new tailwind to our Medicare business. As Kevin mentioned, we continue to progress our commercial pharmacy coverage in G7 for the second quarter, which further reduced our need to utilize the bridge program. The impact from this program was negligible in Q2, and we expect this number to remain small going forward. With broad coverage for G7 now available across all channels, there will be fewer customers that need to leverage this program to access their product. International revenue grew 38%, totaling $255 million in the second quarter. International organic revenue growth was 40% for the second quarter. We have been executing very well in international markets as our ongoing access work and product portfolio strategy continues to broaden our reach. We have seen a robust customer response to this expanded access and have consistently taken share across our footprint in recent quarters. In fact, this marks the ninth straight quarter that we have gained international market share. The U.K continues to be a great case study for us. In the past year, we have significantly broaden our reimbursement in that market, seen new clinical recommendations around real time CGM use, and launched our newest generation product. Following these events, we have experienced an acceleration in this market. And in Q2, we posted one of our highest U.K growth rates in recent years. We also recently expanded our connectivity leadership in this market, as Insulet extended their launch of Omnipod 5, which is powered by our G6 system to United Kingdom. Given our long track record in the pump market with over 1 million patient years of cumulative experience and the forthcoming connectivity with G7, we expect to remain the clear CGM leader for the connected insulin delivery market. Our second quarter gross profit was $553.5 million or 63.5% of revenue compared to 64.6% of revenue in the second quarter of 2022. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was expected as we take a temporary step back to scale G7 production. It is worth noting that some of our expected ramp up costs extended into the third quarter, which increased Q2 gross margin relative to our expectations. It takes some time for our new manufacturing lines to fully scale, but the cost profile of G7 will gradually improve as we increased production volumes. Keep in mind, our Malaysia facility recently initiated commercial production. So you should expect to see a similar dynamic occurring in the near-term as we scale those lines. Operating expenses were $395.1 million for Q2 of 2023, compared to $347.6 million in Q2 of 2022. At our recent Investor Day, we highlighted some of our key cost initiatives, which we refer to as cost to execute. This represents our ongoing framework of how we think about operational efficiency, and how we ultimately see cost as a growth driver for our business. Our second quarter operating expense management was yet another demonstration of our commitment to this program, as we generated over 450 basis points of OpEx leverage. We are very proud of this result, as we have continued to support our ongoing investments and our global commercial efforts. We know this will ebb and flow over time based on the needs of the business, but it should serve as a reminder of this organization's ability to scale. Operating income was $158.4 million or 18.2% of revenue in the second quarter of 2023 compared to $101.9 million or 14.6% of revenue in the same quarter of 2022. Adjusted EBITDA was $232.6 million or 26.7% of revenue for the second quarter, compared to $175.5 million or 25.2% of revenue for the second quarter of 2022. Net income for the second quarter was $139.4 million or $0.34 per share. We closed the quarter with greater than $3.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents leaving us in a very strong financial position. This significant step up relative to our Q1 cash levels primarily reflects the convertible bond offering we completed early in the second quarter. With our 2023 converts coming due later this year, we saw an opportunity to refinance at very compelling terms, which provides a significant financial flexibility. This supports our ongoing capital deployment goals, with a primary focus on extending our organic growth opportunity. As we mentioned, we reached a key milestone during this quarter as our Malaysia facility began producing commercial product. This plant will quickly scale to become our largest operation and help support our long-term cost target of $10 per sensor. Turning to guidance, we are raising our full year 2022 through revenue guidance to a range of $3.50 billion to $3.55 billion, representing growth of 20% to 22% for the year. Our updated revenue guidance reflects an increase of over $65 million at the midpoint compared to our previous guidance. This reflects our strong start to the year as well as our expectation to carry this momentum into the second half of 2023. From a margin perspective, we are updating our full year non-GAAP gross margin guidance 63%, which represents the high-end of our previous guidance range. Our operating expense management has also left us well-positioned to raise operating and EBITDA margin guidance for the year. We now expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 17% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.5% for fiscal year 2023. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jereme. Our results this quarter read like a highlight reel. Q2 was our highest revenue quarter ever and represented the largest year-over-year dollar growth in our company's history. We again delivered record new customer starts worldwide and gained market share in nearly every major reimbursed geography. Our G7 launch continued to be marked by excellent execution across the board. We've now introduced this product into 13 international markets and quickly built broad reimbursement in the U.S. Through our commercial efforts we are bringing new physicians into our ecosystem, and our manufacturing initiatives are driving process improvements ahead of expectations. Additionally, our R&D team has already enabled five flawless upgrades to our completely redesigned G7 app. In addition, we are growing in a disciplined and sustainable manner. We have delivered over 450 basis points of operating expense leverage, doubled our earnings per share year-over-year and posted one of the largest free cash flow quarters in our company's history. I'm incredibly proud of our team for delivering this level of progress. When you experience results like these, it makes our stated vision much more tangible. We are truly on a mission to help people control their health through continued innovation and execution. With that I would now like to open the call up for Q&A. We will also have Jake Leach, our Chief Operating Officer join us for our question-and-answer session. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time, and then reenter the queue, if necessary. Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Robbie Marcus -- I apologize, Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon. Sorry about that. I didn't realize I was lowering my hands. So apologies for that. But good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. Guys, we saw a really nice revenue acceleration across the business this quarter. But that OUS number really does stand out, looks like one of your stronger growth quarters internationally in a while. Can you provide a little bit more color on the sources of that international strength as you think about the key regions that you've entered and extending both the G7 and the Dexcom ONE launches across these different geographies. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: You bet. Danielle, this is Kevin. I'll take that. And it was a great international quarter. There are three things that have driven that international business for us. The first the plan we launched several quarters ago to increase access across the board and make our product more accessible on all these markets. And we've seen results of that in all the geographies, particularly in Germany. Second of all, you can't underestimate the effect of G7 in many of these markets. We've launched in 13 countries, as I said, in our prepared remarks. G7 is going very well. The third piece is the portfolio strategy where we have Dexcom ONE supporting expansion into geographies where we haven't been before, and broadening access into countries where we already exist. Those three strategic efforts have helped us tremendously. I dont know, Jereme, if you've got anything you want to add to that?
Jereme Sylvain: No, I think the only thing I'd say is, really across the board, all the major countries we're in where there's reimbursement, we're taking share. And it's a common theme you're really seeing in our portfolio approach really allows us to do that. So wonderful quarter. And thank you for the question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robert Marcus: Oh, great. Thanks for the question and congrats on a really nice quarter. Looks like you guys raised guidance for basically 2x the size of the beat in the quarter. So I'd love to just hear where the confidence is coming from? How to think about U.S., U.S growth in third and fourth quarters we progressed and where that upside in guidance is coming from? And any color as it relates to type 2 basal within that guidance range? Thanks a lot.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, Robbie. Thanks. This is Jereme, I can take that. You're right, we did raise guidance and it really comes off of the strength you're seeing outside the U.S as well as some of the coverage and access wins we've had in the U.S. Of course, all of it buoyed in the background by the launch of G7, which as you know, most accurate sensor and one that we're really happy about. If you think about kind of geography wise, think about it, the first half of the year to a little bit reflect the second half of the year. And that's how the split would work, which I think you'll see that and as you kind of think about what that means, we have a little bit of a more challenging comp in the U.S in the back half of the year, at least related to the second quarter. So we've contemplated that. And we've also contemplated outside of the U.S continuing to do well. But just being mindful the fact that growing at a faster clip than we have in recent quarters, but being mindful about growing into markets as we're expanding. If you think about where it's coming from, what the driver is in the U.S around, basal, certainly some of it is there. While we're not just like giving a number around basal, basal is really now started to with the coverage we've been able to obtain. It's really starting to fold into the core business, but you can assume basal is there. And then you may ask the question, well, gee, there's -- is there opportunity? Look, we provided the guidance as what is that base case. We've increased our confidence in that base case, I think you can see that. And then of course, we'll look to outperform as time moves on.
Robert Marcus: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Johnson: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Jereme, maybe I'll follow-up on your U.S comments there on basal only. If I look back the last 4 or 5 years, you guys typically increased your U.S revenue sequentially from 1Q to 2Q, maybe 70 to 80 -- or $60 million to $70 million, I'm sorry. This quarter was a $90 million sequential improvement. So anyway to say half of that was basal or a third of that was basal. I know it was only -- not quite a full quarter contribution, but just help us maybe qualitatively how much of that sequential bigger than usual improvement might have been basal. And then just on top of that, just in France, any movement yet on basal only? I know obviously your competitor has gotten that, I think you guys were working towards that. Just any updates on basal only coverage for you in Europe. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, Jeff. I think what I would say is in the U.S in the quarter, a relatively nominal contribution from basal in Q2. While we did have quite a few -- quite a robust patient add quarter and this all too well with coverage really kicking in April, starting with the DME channel. It takes 3 to 4 weeks to get access to product. And so ultimately the contribution start to build over the course of the year. So yes, there was contribution in the quarter, yes, it did help. But a lot of it was driven just by taking share in existing markets. And so we're really proud of that. In terms of France, our expectation is we have G7 out in France. We're launching Dexcom ONE in France here in the near future. We expect to have a very robust coverage model. I won't speak specifically [ph] there because we are going through that process. But we do expect broad coverage to compete with that of our competitor. And I think what we're proving is in markets where we have coverage, and you've seen in our international growth over the past nine quarters taking share, we expect to do quite well and take our fair share in that country once we go live.
Jeffrey Johnson: Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, Jereme, let me ask on the guidance. I mean, it looks like you're guiding to about similar growth in the second half as the first half. One would think and the comps aren't too different when you look at it first half versus second half last year. And one would think that you have tailwinds, pricing coming down, the ramp of basal and G7. Is there anything you're seeing that that's concerning? Or is this conservatism and just if you could comment on just cadence, should we expect typical seasonality? Thanks for taking the question.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. Larry, there's nothing that gives us pause about the back half of the year. I'll start with that. I think if we come into this quarter, record quarter and new patients, we have no lack of confidence in saying that. And so we do expect a good back half of the year. We raised the guidance at the midpoint by a little over $65 million. So I know you're kind of inferring at the top and doing the work there. Look, there's nothing that gets in the way. What we've done is we derisked the base case. You see we've done that where now the base case is 20% to 22% growth, a record patient growth quarter and in Q2, obviously bullish in the back half of the year. But again, basal is new. So we're just being prudent in how we go about that and making sure we provide that base case. Of course, if we can do better, we will do so and we will certainly pass it along to you. In terms of cadence and seasonality, I think our expectation is at least Q3 looks to operate in a similar seasonality as to last year. At least that's how we're looking at it now globally. So think about it that way on a global basis. And I would expect that to play out -- really expect that to play out for the balance of the year, relatively similar seasonality to the past 2 years.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. Is there a way to quantify the contribution of Dexcom ONE in the quarter outside the United States? I'm trying to get my head around the international growth, how much of that is coming from Dexcom ONE? How much from G7, if you can share? And then maybe some of it is from the opportunity to partner with insulin pumps, like walk me through that, please? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Joanne, this is Kevin. We don't break those numbers out. But our growth comes from all of the above. Certainly Dexcom has once benefactor in those countries where we've launched it, but we haven't launched it in all of our international geographies yet. Our launch, as Jereme said earlier, we're about to launch in France. We just announced we're kicking off in Latin America here in Q3. And we've launched in a few other geographies, those geographies it's doing well. G7 has been a strong contributor, particularly in the U.K and Germany, where those launches are more mature. And our pump partners, particularly as automated in some delivery reimbursement has broadened in some of the geographies. That's helped us tremendously. Our direct efforts in Australia where we acquired our distributor that distributors performed extremely well and they've taken good share in the Australian New Zealand markets, in addition to that. So I mean, it's a blend of, of all the factors we talked about on the call.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And just to help you with the -- just to kind of triangulate some of our prior comments. We talked about a third of our new patient starts coming from Dexcom ONE. And that that's building business over the course of the year. So if that's a third of the new starts, and it's a building business over the course of the year, Joanne, you can probably then presume where most of the new patient starts come from, they come from the G series. And we don't necessarily distinguish between the two. We obviously know what the numbers are. The point is, is it's a series in a platform. And so a majority of the growth does come from that G series just based on what we've historically said and nothing's changed since that.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Miksic: Hey, thanks. Thanks so much for taking the question. So just one follow-up on OUS growth and just a bit a quick question on, I just happen to see some of your -- more of your promotional efforts, sort of market development and brand awareness and ads that you're putting out in television and elsewhere. I'm just wondering, how you're thinking about the success of those -- what the duration of those campaigns run whether its U.S or internationally. And I'll just include the quick follow-up on some of the international growth questions that you're getting to try to parse out, the stricter is, if you could remind us also, if there's any stocking of new geographies that happen, or as you're really stepping into a new area, there's some elements of that, that we should also think about that may not repeat next quarter, or the quarter after. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Hey, thanks, Matt. Thanks for the question. And I'll start with the second one first, and we can circle back. No, no significant stalking anything along those lines. This is really driven by robust patient growth. And so I think it's just taking share, deriving access and ultimately entering into these markets. In terms of your first question around promotional activities, we always look at what works. We use various versions of mixed marketing, mixed sales models to ultimately determine the effectiveness, and the return on investment of those and then how the response curves work. And Terry and the commercial leadership team, they do a wonderful job assessing that spend, looking at what makes in and then pivoting as needed. And so what you can expect to see is, there will always be mixes over time, but they will change. And so we'll have campaigns, they'll change, they'll change based on what works best and we'll continue to learn from those. And so I would expect to see continued promotional materials. I'll continue to see demonstrating why we think Dexcom is the right product for folks and making sure that they know that we are the right product for them. And so I think you are seeing good feedback, we are seeing great returns. I mean, at the end of the day, what you see is record new patient quarters. And you see that in our acceleration of growth in the quarter. So that's what we'll continue to do. That's what will invest. I don't know, Kevin, any other thoughts on promotional materials.
Kevin Sayer: So I just think our promotional materials continue to evolve. And you'll see those evolve over the course of the year as we have more to offer, and we direct that message more towards different markets. I think our commercial efforts have been very successful. But in all fairness, we're looking at everything really with a very close eye right now as we plan for next year and the year after that. It's not just -- not just a one quarter shot for us.
Matthew Miksic: That's great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hey, Jereme, thanks for taking the question. I guess just wanted to clarify on the basal guidance. Before it was like 1.5% of total revenue for the year. Is that changing at all or moving? And what's a fair way to think about a full year of basal. So we think about that exit rate and multiplying it by fours, just thinking about kind of a full run rate for basal. Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So, Travis, it's interesting. So we're not going to give a specific number on basal anymore, just because it's now really folded into our business. There was a time when we said, hey, look, we have CMS coverage and we don't expect Medicare Advantage to come that fast, or we think commercial is going to take a little bit longer. And it's happened much, much faster. So now it's just really part of our core business. To your question, though, is it greater than 1.5%? Absolutely. It's part of the reason we raised the guidance. It's part of the performance in the quarter. And so you'd expect it to be higher than that. The way I would think about it is just now about any other patient really population where you ultimately want to analyze it, you'll think about attrition. So far we -- there's been no differences in terms of attrition from the basal population that started today to our core population. And I think you start to annualize that exit rate and that's the way I'd apply it and going forward. And then of course, new ads. So I think you're thinking about it the right way, Travis and then in terms of is it greater than 1.5%? Yes, it is.
Travis Steed: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Matthew Taylor: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to ask you one about the competitive environment. Basically ask if you are seeing anything change and in terms of share or pricing, anything else notable there that we should be aware of?
Jereme Sylvain: Weve been pretty clear about our share position. If we havent been, let me reiterate it again. In all major geographies that are reimbursed, weve been gaining share and we gain share across most all of them this quarter. So we are doing very well. G7 has been accepted the way we wanted to. The majority of our G7 users are new users to Dexcom. Weve seen greater increased awareness in the physician community now that they have this product with its simplicity combined with it being the best performing product on the market. So we're very clear there. Our pricing trends, you can see our margins remain strong. And our pricing is where we want it to be across channels. We're -- we've been pretty clear on all those things and there's really no other changes to report.
Matthew Taylor: Great. Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Margaret Kaczor with William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret Kaczor: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to maybe focus a little bit longer term and talk about basal adoption trends. Historically, I think even your math just the same as coverage has expanded for intensive insulin users. We've seen like this. 1,000 basis points plus of kind of incremental market adoption, at least by our math. I know it's early at this point, so you guys are being a little bit hesitant to get ahead of yourselves. But how do you compare, I guess the early weeks or months in basal right now versus what you saw when commercial coverage had opened up for intensive insulin users? And then longer term, why shouldn't we see that same level where patient acceleration in basal? I know different market, but especially as commercial coverage is maybe come on faster than it did in those markets at that time. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, this is Kevin. I'll take it to start. And if the other guys have more to add, they can. I think as I've travelled about and spoken with physicians and stuff, we've learned a lot about basal, just launching. Just the journey of a basal patient, they've been on other meds for quite some time and that step to call on insulin is a big step. And it's a step that they've in many cases been afraid of for a long time. So providing this group with information necessary to truly manage their condition and to see that they're getting the right dose to see that what behaviors they need to use, to try not advance their type 2 diabetes is fast, we think there is a tremendous market here. And I think the reception and all fairness has probably been even warmer than I thought it was going to be, just as I've gone and spoken with people. We're also at a different point in time as far as CJM adoption and CGM awareness in general, as CGM is much more accepted than it was when we launched in other markets. Even from a distribution perspective, when we got Medicare approval the first time, I don't want to take you all back, but a Medicare patient couldn't use the phone app. When we got Medicare approval back in 2017, if they did, we had to give all the money back to CMS, we couldn't even get distributors to take our business. So that environment is all much, much more positive than has been before. The flip side of this is, it's new, there are a lot of them and there are still education to do and quite candidly, we're with a different physician group, because these people are usually primary care. While we've done everything we can or we think we've done a good job expanding into that market, we know there's more work to do there as well. So we're cautiously optimistic. We've seen great results so far. We've heard great things from the patients who use it. But it's just going to have to build over time. We considered all these things as we've looked at that market.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I would just love to hear a little bit more about G7 specifically. Those 8,000 new prescribing clinicians here in the state, can you talk about the composition of those between PCPs and then existing endos that are higher volume folks. And then internationally, I know, Jeremy, you said historically that G7 is a product where you're actually getting patients away from your competitor. Is the trajectory changing as far as the -- that dynamic as far as getting patients away from your competitor? Just looking at that international number in the quarter. Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So --and thank you for the question. In terms of those 8,000 prescribing physicians, those are really predominantly primary care physicians. And many of them were already writing CGM in the past. And so you can probably surmise that change is obviously what we think is taking share. And that's quite frankly, what we're seeing. And so those are folks that are seeing G7. They're seeing the ease of use. They're seeing the expanded coverage that we've worked on for years and years and years and that really we've led. And so that's really driven a lot of that change. Outside the U.S., and Jake alluded, or Kevin alluded to it and Jake tracks this all the time. Over half of the patients start still remain new to CGM and a good chunk of those are switchers. They're not new to -- I say new to Dexcom, not necessarily new to CGM. And so as you see that and you see a good chunk of folks saying, well, wow, this is the product we've been waiting for. We do believe we're doing incredibly well in those international markets, both in patients that are new to CGM in all candor, but also those that have decided to make the switch. And so we're really excited about the growth. I mean, I think you can see we've been really excited about G7 for years. And I think the market feedback is following that same excitement.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mathew Blackman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask on the PCP channel? Are you encountering any friction points in those offices above and beyond what you may have expected with basal? And I guess conversely, is there anything you anticipated would be challenging that, that may be playing out less challenging? And also, I'm curious, is your PCP sales force finding a meaningful number of type 1s in that channel? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. The challenges we're encountering and challenges we anticipated. The biggest challenge always is particularly in the Medicare environment is document -- getting the documents and getting to the proper distribution channel to serve these patients, because they pretty much all go through those who are not in Medicare, manage, go through the DME channel. And so document gathering, particularly in a PCP office where they don't see all people with diabetes all the time and the use of these documents is the biggest channel, but we anticipated that. And we've worked very closely with our distributors to streamline that process as best we can. They've done a very good job, helping us get our product out and help us continue to grow. As we talked earlier, our biggest Medicare new patient headquarter ever those folks all went through distributors. So that's a good metric for us, and shows that they're doing very well. I think it's been pretty much as planned. And we don't have a specific PCP sales force. Our reps have geographic territories, and they call on both specialty diabetes clinics and primary care physicians. So they truly have a business to run in their individual territories. And certainly we know who they call on, and where they spend the majority of their time, but it's their job to drive that business and bring those offices along. They do a really good job of that.
Operator: We will take your next question from 
Kevin Sayer: I think there was one -- you asked the question on type 1s, and we find them in the PCP offices. And the answer is yes, we do. We do and we find them as we go deeper and deeper into the primary care offices, we do find type 1s. Some of whom are not on CGM or in PCP offices where maybe CGM is a little bit less prescribed. And so there are opportunities there in those spaces to continue to drive awareness beyond Of course, the typical endocrinologist space.
Mathew Blackman: Thank you.
Operator: And we will pick our next question from Marie Thibault with BTIG. Your line is open.
Marie Thibault: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a great quarter. I wanted to ask my question here, we learned recently about a competitors DTC launch. I think in the U.K have a wearable to monitor glucose for people without diabetes, more of a lifestyle sort of tool with Dexcom device for non-insulin users coming next year, any early thoughts on how your device will be differentiated? Whether that's features pricing, how you're targeting that market?
Jake Leach: Yes, this is Jake, I'll take that one. Yes, we're really excited about this new product that we're going to introduce, specifically for non-insulin users. And what it say about it is it's specifically designed for the needs of someone who isn't on insulin, but is trying to manage their glucose and trying to improve their health condition. And so the feature set is very unique to the needs of those users. It's not -- you're not managing insulin, you're not trying to avoid hypoglycemia. It's all about connecting the dots between diet, exercise and how those things impact glucose. CGM is the only tool that can provide you that real time feedback. And so we're really excited about how it's going to play into that space. And over time, we likely will expand the patient segment for that product, but we are initially focused on the type 2 insulin, non-insulin users.
Marie Thibault: All right.
Jereme Sylvain: In price wise and most -- and Marie price wise in those things, there's a time in place, we'll ultimately talk about that. Today, probably not the best time obviously, it's information. We want to keep a little bit close to our vest until it gets a little closer to launch date. But very -- when I say we're very excited about it, it is an incredible exciting time around here at Dexcom.
Marie Thibault: All right, well understood. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jayson Bedford: Hi, good afternoon. And maybe just to follow-up on the last line of questioning, I think you mentioned that you're going to launch the non-insulin device early next year, which I think is kind of newish at least on timing in '24. Have you run a trial for the device? And I assume you'll file late this year or every file?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, thanks for the question. Yes. So it's important to note, right, that product is a 15-day product or non-insulin product. And we have completed a clinical study on the G7 platform, showing survivability out to 15 days with great performance. We met the ICG M criteria in that study. And so that study is going to be used for the submission of that product. So that's why we're confident in our ability to say we're going to launch that product next year.
Jake Leach: Okay. Thank you. And we will take our next question from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, everyone. I wanted to ask about basal and broader type 2 opportunity outside of the U.S., particularly in the EU, certainly another big opportunity. Are the new pieces that you were putting in place with G7 and Dexcom ONE enough to really go after penetration of that patient population, or are there additional reimbursement efforts needed there as well.
Jereme Sylvain: The access strategy is an ever evolving one. And that's why we have our product portfolio. Our portfolio approach that we've adopted, there are some geographies where Dexcom ONE will absolutely be the product. We go after that basal population with other geographies where quite candidly. If they're reimbursed adequately, we can use the G series and we break it down market by market. In some countries, it's literally state by state and region by region, where we select the right product within our portfolio to offer and gain the access and coverage that we need. We believe we have the products that we need to go do that. And we've talked a bit about this, but the Dexcom ONE platform is soon going to be -- soon going to be Dexcom ONE zooming to be on the G7 platform into next year. And when that happens, that is going to be just another step forward for us. And as we look to the future, as we extend life of our sensors, and things like that, as we talked about, in our Investor Day, we'll just have more and more opportunities internationally. So we have the portfolio to go attack those things. We still have to go through the process of filling out paperwork, making bids, meeting with the proper people and building that access team out over time. And that's infrastructure. We built from the ground up and we've been building over the past several years. And one of the things I'd say to that is remember, outside the U.S a lot of the products are available. OTC you don't really necessarily need to go get a script, now you might go to a pharmacy to pick it up. The script is required for reimbursement. And so as you think about some of these products that are coming out that are really targeted that you can already use them. And so there are ways we can work around that with the right form factor, with the right product. And as Kevin has alluded to, we think we've got the portfolio, the products, the software, the ways to iterate on that to be very effective in those markets.
Steven Lichtman: Great, thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good afternoon. I was hoping to just better understand how you've had success kind of driving the average out of pocket costs for patients prescribed with G6, G7, down to $20. And is that something that you can market or have been marketing to patients or physicians? And is that been a driver of share gains in the US? Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin Sayer: It certainly has been a driver of share gains in the U.S because we're, again, our focus is on that customer. And as we go for the lowest cost per customer, that's what we do, we do everything we can to keep that co-pay down. In some cases, it depends on the payer, the insurance company what the arrangement is, but we also are able to maintain a premium price due to the strength of our product and due to the fact that it provides such great outcomes and such good retention. Our retention rates are better than they've ever been as far as people saying our product and using it, and we know when people stay on the product, they're healthier. There's clinical data coming over the next several months from studies. This going to show that that extended use of CGM over time leads to just much better extended health. So you combine all those factors, the fact that patients stay in our product, the fact that it produces great outcomes, the fact that those outcomes are documented. We can go and command a lower co-pay. And we can go really position ourselves to do well. Now because of that you have to go through again, the access games or the access infrastructure that various payers play. One of our key initiatives right now is working on pre-authorizations into it, we have to keep those to make sure those are electronic to take that burden off the heads of the physicians' offices who prescribe our product, that's probably our biggest hurdle as far as ease of reimbursement right now. But we're working to do that as well. And we have very aggressive goals on that front over the next year. But the product and reputation and outcomes of Dexcom when able to do enable us to do that. One of the things we've talked about over the years is our strategy was to look at ways to get covered products make the easier burden longer term, I mean, think about people impacted by diabetes, there's already a significant burden on those individuals. And now you add in a large co-pay, that's a challenging things we've really worked on coverage. It's something we've known is out there, and it's something we worked on, and you're seeing it play through where us working very hard on coverage relative to that of perhaps our competitor has really driven us to be in a position where we can help patients better, longer term, because this is a long-term challenge. We want to be there throughout that.
Josh Jennings: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Polar with Wolfe research. Your line is open.
Michael Polark: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. My question is the non -- the product for a TOS not on insulin that's going to launch next year, the 15-day sensor. In 2024, is this largely, is the base case expectation that this is a cash pay model in '24. And then over a multi year period, there might be some uptake into traditional insurance channels or would you expect that next year? You will have kind of early at risk insurance coverage for this concept?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. I'll take that one. So yes, it primarily, an initial launch, it's going to be cash pay. We do feel though, we're targeting this, this segment of customer. There's 25 million people in the U.S who fit in to this category of with type 2 diabetes that are on insulin, so we feel a real opportunity to provide them with better outcomes. And we do feel that this product is specifically designed for this group can produce an outcome that a payer will pay for over time. But we got to generate that evidence in that population. We're starting to see evidence of CGM in that population and the benefits that can provide we feel like this custom tailored product is going to do a great job at delivering the outcomes that we're going to need. So it's going to take a little time. But we do feel that this is a place that ultimately will be reimbursed.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
End of Q&:
Kevin Sayer: Again, thanks, everybody, for participating on our call today. Just in wrapping up, I want to acknowledge all the great efforts here at our company, our commercial team around the world has had an incredibly successful G7 launch, not only in getting product out the door, but driving access, make it available, everything that we've asked them to do, we've done faster than we planned. And we're just very appreciative that our operations team has not missed a beat from supply chain and microchips and G6 manufacturing in addition to G7 along the way, our engineering team, this product is performed the way we wanted it to. It's done very, very well. They continue to work on making it better. We talked earlier about our app performance software is not just an add on, it is difficult. And those five upgrades of the app in this quarter. Seamless and delivering people better features every time. You can go through the entire organization , even the bond Offering this quarter. Kudos for that team. It is a great time to be here. And as I said earlier, in my prepared remarks, we're just getting started. And that's how we feel about things. So thanks, everybody for participating on our call today and we look forward to talking to you again soon.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 14:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Abby and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Mr. Christensen you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby and welcome to DexCom's first quar 2023 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks we will open the call up for your questions. At that time we ask the analyst to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter performance on the DexCom's investor relations website on the events and presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to our tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we reported another excellent quarter for DexCom with first quarter organic revenue growth of 19% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Momentum for global CGM adoption remains very high. and we continue to see a growing appreciation for the differentiated experience that DexCom provides. It has been an exciting start to 2023. Our teams advanced some of our most important strategic initiatives in the first quarter that will continue to build on our foundation for growth in the years ahead. There is growing momentum behind the rollout of our G7 system as we initiated our full launch of G7 in the U.S. This launch represents years of hard work to bring to market a product based on feedback from our customers that meets their specific needs. . G7 is the most accurate CGM on the market. It is simple to use and is supported by the most covered CGM brand. We expect this differentiated feature set will add to our leading customer satisfaction metrics. We were thrilled with the opportunity to announce this launch on the biggest stage with our second ever Super Bowl commercial. Over 100 million people were watching the game on our commercial air and the customer clinician outreach that filled was incredibly encouraging as we expected it would be. The ad generated 3x as many impressions for DexCom as our 2021 Super Bowl commercial, exceeding our initial expectations on engagement and awareness.  We also heard from members of the diabetes community who shared their DexCom magic moments and pride in feeling represent on a platform of this size. Awareness remains a critical element to driving broader access and adoption for CGM, and we designed this campaign to demonstrate the life-changing potential of our system and a G7 product is incredibly simple to use. Millions of people with diabetes to not use CGM, and this provided us an opportunity to both connect with them and advocate on their behalf. While we are still early in our U.S. launch of G7, we have been very encouraged by the initial response. We have seen a steady ramp of new users and the initial feedback from both customers and clinicians has been consistently great.  We have also seen this product attracting new prescribers altogether. Already in the early weeks of this rollout, nearly 1,000 health care providers have prescribed G7 who previously were not prescribing DexCom CGM. Perhaps most encouraging is the progress we have made in building reimbursement for G7 in only a short period of time. Medicare coverage was established for G7 only days after our Super Bowl commercial, which coincided well with the timing of our launch and came in about a month earlier than anticipated.  We also finalized our commercial DME contracts relatively quickly and G7 commercial DME coverage is now already on par with G6 levels. Commercial pharmacy coverage has also progressed rapidly. In our reimbursement discussions, payers are clearly recognizing the value proposition that exists with DexCom G7. As a result, we already have more commercial pharmacy coverage established for G7 today than our competitor does for their sensor platform. Payers continue to value our premium feature set, leading customer engagement metrics, best-in-class performance and proven outcomes backed by robust clinical edits. Overall, we have advanced coverage more quickly than anticipated, and we expect G7 to be covered by all major PBMs by the end of the second quarter. These coverage decisions for G7 also position us well as our industry takes a significant step forward in terms of access for CGM.  In early March, CMS finalized their proposal to expand access to include people with type 2 diabetes using basal insulin only as well as certain noninsulin-using individuals that experience hypoglycemia. With coverage officially kicking in last week, this decision represented the largest single expansion of access to CGM in our industry's history. As a reminder, we size the basal-only type 2 population alone at around 3 million people in the U.S. with around half being of Medicare age. We are incredibly excited to start serving this population more broadly going forward as we see a significant opportunity to help these individuals live healthier lives.  Our mobile trial demonstrated meaningful improvements in timing range, A1c levels and hypoglycemic events among this population wearing DexCom sensors, as sensor engagement proved to produce behavior changes within this cohort that supported greater glycemic control. We are in a great position to compete as this market develops as accuracy, performance and customer engagement will continue to be the defining features of delivering outcomes.  Customers and clinicians have historically indicated a preference for a differentiated product where reimbursement exists, and we expect this dynamic to endures access continues to expand. Along those lines, we will continue to leverage our mobile data as well as the updated ADA standards of care to build broader coverage. We are in active discussions with private payers in the U.S. to establish basal reimbursement and will similarly advocate for broader coverage in international markets.  Our international G7 roll at also continues to go well with good initial uptake and high customer satisfaction rates. Majority of our international G7 customers continue to be new to DexCom altogether, suggesting the new form factor and feature set is attracting both people new to CGM as well as those using competitive systems. We view this as a very positive sign as we broaden our rollout in the coming months.  In the second quarter, we will be launching G7 in 8 new international markets as part of our strategic effort to get this product to as many peel as possible. From a capacity perspective, we remain in great shape to support this broader rollout. We are ramping up production quickly and have plenty of G7 inventory on hand to support our growth ambitions.  Additionally, we expect our Malaysia plant to start producing commercial product around midyear, which will further support our G7 scale up. Finally, we look forward to seeing many of you in June at the American Diabetes Association's 83rd Annual Scientific Sessions in our hometown of San Diego, California. We are always excited to connect with thought leaders across the industry at this event, as we collectively work to map out the future of DexCom CGM technology in Diabetes Care & Beyond.  In conjunction with the conference, we are planning an investor event where we will provide our latest vision around the future of DexCom and share incremental detail on many of our key strategic initiatives. We hope to see you there.  With that, I will turn it over to Jereme for a review of the first quarter financials. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will discuss on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as our IR website.  For the first quarter of 2023, we reported worldwide revenue of $741 million compared to $629 million for the first quarter of 2022, representing growth of 19% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes currency in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $526 million for the first quarter compared to $451 million for the first quarter of 2022, representing growth of 17%. We experienced another quarter of strong new customer starts in Q1, as we saw a continuation of steady demand for our G6 as well as an encouraging initial uptake of G7 with our launch in the final weeks of the quarter.  As Kevin mentioned, we'll be able to progress our commercial pharmacy coverage for G7 faster than anticipated in the quarter. This caused the impact of our bridge program to be around half of the $15 million level we expected as more customers were able to access G7 through reimbursed channels.  Accordingly, the impact on revenue from this program should continue to shrink going forward given our established commercial coverage for G7. International revenue grew 21%, totaling $216 million in the first quarter. International organic revenue growth was 27% for the first quarter. For another quarter, we continued to gain share in international markets in Q1 as customers have been responding well to our broad access initiatives and new product launches. As anticipated, DexCom ONE is having a growing impact on our results as this product has enabled us to enter new markets and compete much more broadly within existing markets. In the U.K. access to DexCom ONE was recently simplified with the addition of the products transmitter to the national formulary with the entire system now covered by the drug tariff, this reduces the administrative steps for clinicians in a market where we already have considerable underlying momentum. We will continue to work on delivering these types of wins, making it easier and simpler for customers to get reimbursed access to DexCom products.  Our first quarter gross profit was $469.8 million or 63.4% of revenue compared to 63.3% of revenue in the first quarter of 2022. Our first quarter gross margin reflects the traditional step down relative to what we see in the fourth quarter as we serve a greater mix of pharmacy customers and less contribution from our DME users with high deductible health plans. This was a better-than-expected Q1 result for gross margin as we delivered incremental efficiencies in our G6 lines while managing production for our G7 launch. However, we continue to anticipate gross margins for the full year in line with our original guidance as we scale our global G7 production.  Operating expenses were $391.2 million for Q1 of 2023 compared to $347.8 million in Q1 of 2022. Operating expense management continues to be an ongoing point of emphasis for our team as part of our broader cost efforts, and it continues to be on display this quarter. In line with our expectations, we generated over 250 basis points of OpEx leverage in the first quarter even as we allocated greater commercial investment to support our G7 launch. We are very proud of the efforts our team has made and continue to make on these efficiency initiatives. Operating income was $78.6 million or 10.6% of revenue in the first quarter of 2023, compared to $50.3 million or 8% of revenue in the same quarter of 2022. Adjusted EBITDA was $145.9 million or 19.7% of revenue for the first quarter compared to $112.4 million or 17.9% of revenue for the first quarter of 2022. Net income for the first quarter was $68.5 million or $0.17 per share. We closed the quarter with approximately $2.6 billion worth of cash and cash equivalents remaining in a great financial position.  Our balance sheet provides us with significant flexibility to organically support our ongoing growth investments, including the build-out of our Malaysia manufacturing facility and continually assess our strategic uses of capital. As Kevin mentioned, we are expecting our Malaysia facility to start producing commercial product around midyear, which we view as a pivotal moment in our global manufacturing journey. This plant will provide a significant new capacity and be a key element of our long-term growth and cost reduction plans.  Turning to guidance. We are raising our full year 2023 revenue guidance to a range of $3.4 billion to $3.515 billion. For margins, we are reaffirming our prior full year guidance of gross profit margins in the range of 62% to 63%, operating margins of approximately 16.5% and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 26%. The increase of approximately $38 million at the midpoint of revenue guidance reflects our increased confidence in the business and the underlying market. This factors in our strong first quarter results as well as a benefit from CMS finalizing type 2 basal coverage earlier than originally anticipated.  With that, I will turn it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jereme. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. [Operator Instructions]. Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a great quarter. Maybe to start, the focus is all on the type 2 basal expansion that just started at the beginning of last week. Maybe speak to the expectations and cadence of what's in guidance here what the initial -- what do you think the initial reception and awareness is and how much you and your other CGM competitor have to do to educate the market. And then maybe on the back of the Super Bowl ad, what you think is the patient awareness and also acceptance to wearing a CGM full time is for type 2 basal.
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks, Robbie. This is Jereme. Appreciate that. In terms of guidance, maybe I'll start there and then I can turn it over to Kevin in terms of thought process around wear times. In terms of guidance, we had talked about basal prior to approval if it started in the middle of the year being about 1%. And our updated guidance has us higher than 1%, certainly more in that 1.5-ish percent range, but not necessarily changing integer. So hopefully, that gives you some context to where that's going. Certainly, we expect it to be a market change in terms of what I would say is reimbursement for the longer term. In terms of adoption, we're obviously just getting in those approvals and just getting in the reimbursement. So it's going to take a little bit of time for us to ultimately see how that cadence of adoption is. But you've got our expectations. And over the long term, we expect adoption to be, quite frankly, very, very positive. Maybe I can turn it to Kevin in terms of awareness in the channel and in kind of where times longer term.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Thanks, Jereme. With respect to wartime our best plan of reference is our mobile study that provided the really most important data in securing this approval. Over 90% of the individuals who were sensors during the study they want to give them up. They felt the information was very valuable, very useful and provided them very much a scoreboard and how they can manage their diabetes going forward. So it doesn't progress and they could have much better outcomes. And so we're very confident with the full-time were. From an educational perspective, we do have some work to do in the PCP community. We did a big sales force expansion last year in anticipation of going more broadly, we continue to evaluate our marketing and our full on direct distribution efforts to see what adjustments need to be made to create more awareness. We work very hard with our channel partners and believe we are in a very good position with them to go take on this front. So it's about creating awareness. It's about making it easier for patients to get their product and use it. I've been out in the field a few times.  And the one thing I'm definitely hearing as I speak with a lot of the primary care physicians who are going to serve this market is G7 is so much easier to use and so easy to use versus G6, they view this as a very real and a very strong opportunity for their patients to achieve better outcomes. So we know we have the right product. We'll just work on creating awareness at the proper places to get it out there. But we're comfortable that people will wear it all the time once they get started.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: So Kevin, I heard you talk about or Jereme, I guess, probably it was you who talked about the Bridge program and kind of half the impact of that you thought originally in 1Q. You didn't hear anything on the cash pay program, we're starting to see on GoodRx and Amazon Pharmacy and that some of these price points roll out in the $170, $180 range per month for your product. Just any updated thinking what are the initial responses you're seeing to that cash pay program, how additive do you think that could be to revenue this year? And how to think about the margin implications at those discounted prices?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Thanks for asking the question. So you obviously updated the Bridge program. The Bridge program is where a significant amount of folks are taking advantage of it. That price point is a little bit lower at this point. And great news, of course, is the coverage has come in a little bit earlier. And so certainly, we haven't had to have folks take as much advantage of it. In terms of those cash pay programs, we have seen some encouraging initial adoption, but it is relatively initial. So as you see those start to come through, longer term, we think it can be additive, and we believe it will be. In the shorter term, it's really not a material contributor, but longer term, again, Jeff, we're very excited about what this opportunity offers to folks. Longer-term margins perspective, we feel good about the pricing in those cash pay programs. We don't expect it to have a long-term drag on margins. . As you've seen in the quarter, we continue to do really, really well on designing cost out of our product, and we'll continue to work on doing that both with G6 and G7 to where these programs won't necessarily be dilutive to our long-term gross margin.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Congrats on a nice start to the year here. Jereme, 2 parts for me. I mean, the first quarter was about 20% if you back out the bridging program the guidance, 17% to 21%. Can you talk about the cadence through the year? And is there any reason why growth wouldn't accelerate from Q1 with G7 and the basal launches -- and just separately, what was volume in the U.S. volume growth? People are going to compare and contrast your, call it, 18% growth in the U.S. adjusted for the bridging versus Abbott's 50%? Just any color on what you think is going on there.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, I'll start with the volume question first. Well, we're not necessarily disclosing volume specifically in quarters going forward. What we can say is our patient base, if you look at where we were exiting 2022. Our patient base grew in the mid-30%. And so as we've talked about what that patient base looks like when we disclose patients, and we'll do that every year, so folks have an understanding. That continues to play through. To give you some context to the first quarter, the first quarter was a record for new patients. And so our unit volume growth continues to be very strong. So as you compare the 2, we feel very good about our unit volume growth relative to competitors, and we'll continue to feel good about that for the balance of the year.  In terms of how to think about the cadence of the year, I do think the cadence of the year will be a little bit heavier weighted into the back half relative to prior years. That's just given the timing of the basal approval and as that starts to get going. But as you think about Q2, we are -- we do recognize where The Street is today, and we realize that number will have to go up a little bit. And so as the overperformance you see in Q1, certainly record new patients, that will play through into Q2. And so you'll see some of the increase in guidance that is specifically related to some increase in expectations in Q2 performance. So hopefully, that covers your questions.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matt Taylor with Jefferies.
Matthew Taylor: So I wanted to ask you one about just how quickly the coverage has been established in the DME and the pharmacy channel. I thought it was an interesting comment that you made that you think you have more coverage in pharmacy than your competitor. Maybe you could compare that and talk about what that means for ultimately how much of the basal opportunity you think you can garner?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that, and Jereme can add a bit afterwards. On the basal opportunity, remember, Medicare sales process is durable medical equipment, and we have very good relationships with our distributors and in that channel, and we worked very hard to position them to be successful with the basal patients. And so we're very comfortable there.  With respect to our coverage, I think it's important to note our approach here. Our goal is to minimize the out-of-pocket cost of our customers. And by getting all this coverage, we've repeated the statistics several times, 30% of Dexcom users -- commercial users to go the pharmacy have 0 co-pay, and 70% have lower or at least equal to co-pay as our major competitor. Our goal is to get them through and to get them covered rather than rely on the bridging program forever. And our team is very successful and getting us through that. The bridging program is still out there, and it's still open, but many of the customers go to the drug store and don't need it. We've got that pharmacy coverage in place, which creates an opportunity then for them to spend less on a monthly basis, and it's very important to our users. That's why we've approached this coverage very aggressively. In all fairness, we've talked about G7 long enough, the payers were ready to have discussions. We were met with open arms. They're very excited at the opportunity to have this new product and in front of them again.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Margaret Kaczor with William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor: Kevin, I don't want to get too far away from basal which clearly a huge driver in the short term and where a lot of focus is. But I guess, can you give us some of the context on the steps that you're taking today to drive adoption and to even earlier stage type 2 patients, whether GLP-1s or orals and -- is this going to require a clinical data? Are you guys working on that? Or are the partnership programs, I guess, at this point, sufficient upscale where coverage can broaden, I guess, without something like a mobile study?
Kevin Sayer: We are working on all fronts there, Margaret. Thank you for the question. We see tremendous benefit to as type 2 diabetes treating gets more sophisticated. It's -- I was with the physician recently, and he talked about CGM being the scorecard. How do you do this? And how do you aggressively treat type 2 diabetes without knowing the scorecard and what's going on GM offers a tremendous opportunity. It offers an opportunity to reduce or increase medications for individuals who aren't succeeding and bring A1Cs down significantly in combination with therapies. We think it will become a vital part. We'll continue to gather data from programs like we have done in the past. We're contemplating studies but nothing we're ready to publish or announce. We don't announce our studies early on. We like to wait till we get done. But we are contemplating and seeing study proposals that could provide great data. The question is, do we want to go do 100,000 type 2 patient study and it takes 3 years, not right now. We don't think we need that type of evidence, but there is a very strong body of evidence in all of the individuals that we've seen that are on insulin that show CGM, again, provides a great benefit when you're using a DexCom sensor where you can rely on the acre information, and you can use it. So stay tuned on that market. We'll talk more about it in the future. But it is coming. We believe we play a vital role there in spite of all these advances that we're reading about.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler.
Matthew O'Brien: Jereme, can you talk a little bit more about the pricing commentary that you just made? I think you said volumes up in the first quarter in the 30s, but yet overall, and this is a domestic question. overall, up 17%, 18% in total. So that would mean pricing came down quite a bit. Is that a trend we should anticipate? And then with your competitor take pricing up, are you really just trying to close the gap entirely here and just be done with this pricing delta between the 2 of you?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I appreciate the question. And that's not what I was necessarily trying to and I was talking about is our underlying patient base is up in the mid-30s. And that was based on the patient base we gave you as part of our kind of pegs we give you once a year. I wasn't necessarily coming on specific volume within the quarter. But what I would say is the volume in the quarter was relatively -- it was robust. It was another good quarter for us, and it was on the backs of a record new patient add. So I didn't want to get into specifics on volumes. What I can tell you, just in generalities around price. Price and volumes do tend -- are continuing to converge over time. That is us moving less from pharmacy -- I'm sorry, from DME to pharmacy, that channel has started to stabilize quite a bit. There is still some annualization going on. So make no mistake, we are still going through that annualization plus we have the -- what we talked about earlier, which is the bridge program playing through. albeit to a lesser extent. So the prices up is moving how we would have expected. So I won't really trying to insinuate that there was an increasing delta between the 2. I was just trying to give some context around a strong, robust underlying patient base for the quarter. So I didn't want to read too much into that, and I apologize if you gave you the wrong impression.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Danielle Antalffy with UBS.
Danielle Antalffy: Congratulations on a good start to the year. Just that -- I'm going to try to ask this question qualitatively, Kevin, because I appreciate you guys are going to give us an update in 2 months here at ADA. But as we look at the basal opportunity, we were kind of thinking of looking at insulin intensive type 2 as a proxy there. And I guess my question for you is, it looks like insulin-intensive type 2 is ramping to 50%-plus penetration around 5 years after securing Medicare coverage I mean, is there any reason to think that could be true as well for basal and arguably could basal ramp even faster given that we are significantly ahead of where we were in 2018 from a technology, from an awareness perspective. Anything you could say around that without front-running the Analyst Day?
Kevin Sayer: No, it's a good question, and it's one we discuss a lot internally. Remember, to start reimbursement with Medicare patients only, and that's about half the population. It has always been our experience that we've got to drive reimbursement from the private payers as well and then through the Medicaid programs also to get extensive penetration and with type 2 intensive insulin therapy. We're now pretty much there across most of the payer landscape. A bit of work to do on the Medicaid side still, but we're there with Medicare and the private payers. So you'll see reimbursement evolve early on, and we get more coverage. And then I think we've got to generate these experiences with these users over time. Danielle, but in a 5-year period, I can definitely see that. And maybe it does go faster because we have such a large group of end users who are going to have reimbursement on the Medicare side. At the same time, they're not all seeing endocrinologists. So we've got a broader base of education with respect to their health care providers that we have to cover as well. So we'll factor all that in as we go, and we'll talk more about it later. But those are all the factors we consider as we look at it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Just two quick questions that require short answers. Jereme, you mentioned I think 1Q was a record for new users. Just a little clarification there. That was for -- it was a 1Q record? Or are you saying that you added more new users in 1Q than you did in 4Q?
Jereme Sylvain: We've added more users in 1Q than we ever have in any quarter in DexCom's history.
Jayson Bedford: Very clear. And then, Kevin, I was intrigued by your comment around actively talking to payers in Europe around basal reimbursement. I'm just kind of curious, is this something that you would expect in '23? And if not, is this something that could happen in '24?
Kevin Sayer: It will take time. It's not going to happen overnight. Our outcomes data that we provided with the mobile study gives us a good first pass. I think as we see success with users in the United States and we see outcomes and possibly gather more economic data as we work some of these patients. It's going to require that type of evidence. So we don't have -- I don't think we have enough yet personally, the team may disagree with me, but I think we need to develop more. But certainly, it's on the table. And it's certainly something we can now discuss because when CMS approves the policy of this nature, the world takes note. And so we are now getting audiences to discuss that internationally, and we'll continue to push.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: Nice start to the year. I want to make sure I understood this new user comment. I'm going to assume that, that also includes DexCom ONE patients that are in there. that might be adding to the difference between the dollar growth and the user group. And then I'm curious in how many countries DexCom ONE is in currently?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. It does include DexCom ONE user. So this is the entire group. DexCom ONE is now, and I want to say it's about 12 countries, 10 to 12 countries. I'm trying to do the math in my head across all. It's about 10 to 12. We're starting to really see some uptick in some of those smaller countries that we initially launched. And then, of course, some of the bigger countries where we have coverage like the U.K., we're also seeing some nice uptick as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: Just a quick follow-up on DexCom as well. I know you talked about entering the year, thinking about 1/3 of new patient starts, OUS, stemming from DexCom ONE. Just curious if you could talk about where you are right now in 1Q? And then as you think about geographic expansion contributions to that going forward through the year, just your expectations there as well?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. So I can answer that. The expectation still is 1/3 of new patients. And as you can see, some of the encouraging things, for example, with the U.K. formulary decision to include transmitters, on there just makes it easier. And so the way easier we can make it, the easier it's going to be. So that's still our expectations. And right now, a majority of the DexCom ONE product is sitting in the EU region. So when you think of geographies, think of the European region, including the U.K. in that as well, where I think you'll expect to see most of the growth associated with DexCom ONE and really most of the growth for the foreseeable future until we can launch in other jurisdictions meaningfully across the world.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew Blackman with Stifel.
Mathew Blackman: Another international one for me, just curious for an update on Japan now that you've got a broader reimbursement with G6. Can you really just give us a sense of how much that business is annualizing at and how important a component it is in your 2023 outlook?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take it. It's still a relatively small component in our 2023 outlook. We are working with our partner, Terumo, there and with the broadened coverage we'll obviously see an increase, but it is not a material part of our plan this year. We're looking forward over time to getting G7 launched over there. We think G7 provides us a quite candidly a stronger opportunity in the Japanese market with all of its great features. We've grown a bit in Japan, not as much as we'd like. And so as we look at the year, we're looking at ways to go faster. G7 will be one of those. And be a bigger part of our '24 plan than it is '23 substantially.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Marie Kibble with BTIG.
Marie Thibault: You started the call by describing how much prescribers seem to like the G7 format and that you had new prescribers coming on to DexCom. I just want to clarify, are these competitive wins are these prescribers coming completely new to CGM. And then how much of the launch or the intro is complete as and how many of the potential prescribers have you been able to get G7 in front of?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that. We have a lot of prescribers to go for G7 because it's going to be a very broadly used product, particularly as you look at the basal opportunity we have. ahead of us. We know we have new prescribers we have to gain and we structured our sales force and designed their workflow and goals for the year to, in fact, go after and to go educate those that we need to go to. A lot of the prescribers who are prescribing G7 could, in fact, be new to CGM. What we do know is they're new to DexCom and that's what's most important to us. So if they're new to DexCom, it's 1 of 2 things. Either they're new to CGM in general or they've come after using competitors' products, both of which we view are good. And with G7, again, the excitement in the doctor's office is the ease of use. It is just so easy to use and so easy for somebody to get started on G7 with a 0.5 hour warm up with the easy insertion with a small form factor that we have. If a patient chooses to use a receiver, that receiver experience is much better than what they've had before. We really are getting great feedback on the new receiver and the accuracy of the system. The system, what we're hearing back performs extremely well, and people are very happy with what they're seeing. So word of mouth has been very strong on this product. Our campaigns have obviously been aggressive, but the strength of the product has supported what we've said.
Operator: We will take our next question from Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: I guess, I wanted to touch on margins. Gross margin in Q1 was actually above the full year guidance. So I want to understand the bridge on gross margin? And then maybe talk a little bit about OpEx leverage while we're on the margin topic and maybe the potential to see upside longer term above that long-term margin guide.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question. You're right, Q1 came ahead of expectations. And what we saw was we really saw continued efficiencies on our G6 lines that really played through in the quarter. which certainly is favorable. And given there's a large portion of our base, of course, that sits on those G6 lines that played through. So it was ahead of the full year. We do expect, as more and more folks move to over the course of the year as we're turning on Malaysia, ultimately ramping up our G7 launch and therefore, the throughputs on those lines. We will go through a bit of a margin dip as we make that transition. And so I still expect that over the course of the year, we still do expect the year to fall in line with the 62% to 63% gross margin. But you are right, Q1 came in strong. And I think it just -- just shows the capabilities of our teams. When you give them time what they can do in terms of designing cost out of product on manufacturing lines. We expect something similar to like that to happen on G7 into those future years.  In terms of margin profile, operating motion profile we gave the long-term guide certainly of getting to 20% margins by 2025. If you assume the year was at 65% gross margin, we're starting to get pretty close to there even in 2023. And that just goes to show you the leverage we're building into the business. While we're not in a position to change our long-term guide.  To your question, do we think that there's opportunities to lever this business over the long haul -- we do. And we're putting the levers in place in right now that's part of what we're doing as an organization. So we're very excited about that opportunity. I'm glad you pointed it out. We do believe there's opportunity in this business longer term to continue to generate more profits and we'll continue to work on doing so.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Pasquale with Nephron Research.
Christopher Pasquale: I want to ask a couple of questions about the middle of the income statement. SG&A grew quite a bit faster than sales this quarter. Just was there anything specific that drove that. And then R&D spending has been down year-over-year now four quarters in a row. Should we expect that trend to continue? Or does it start to ramp back up as we go through this year?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, it's a good question. It's really a function of timing. So I'll start with R&D. R&D, if you think about this time last year, we were wrapping up a lot of the work around G7 as well as wrapping up a lot of the work on prototype lines for development. And so what you saw running through the P&L was an elevated period of spend. And as you saw it go through the rest of the year, you saw R&D kind of come back down as those G7 costs started to either dissipate or move up into different areas of lines because you validate those lines as much anymore. And so you saw that change happening. Over the course of the year, I would not expect that type of leverage on R&D. We'll still continue to leverage it as a percentage of sales, but it won't be what you saw in this quarter. It's just the inverse for SG&A. So we -- obviously, last year, we did not have a Super Bowl commercial or a G7 launch in the first quarter. This year, we did in the U.S. And so you saw an elevated level of spend associated with that, which we expected in coming out with our long-term guide. It was all expected, but that's why you saw the change.  The other part is you do see the Malaysia costs as we're building up that factory, we're getting closer to go-live and so we're ramping up costs. But until we go live, those costs sit in G&A. So what you'll see is the -- we'll start to actually leverage SG&A a little bit more as the year goes on. And conversely, we'll leverage R&D a little bit less, but it still ultimately leads to leverage by the end of the year across both of those lines.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matt Miksic with Barclays.
Matthew Miksic: Some follow-up here on the basal opportunity. So clinicians we speak to describe something like a fair amount of pent-up demand in this community of Medicare patients on -- basal patients. If you -- just wondering if you have any sense of how long -- that's the way you are also seeing the set up? Like how long do you think it will take to work through that pent-up interest in the community? And then just if I could also on pricing and margin for this category, given that we're talking about sort of mix factor for all these different types of channels that you manage. What is this -- how does this compare to your sort of core business or maybe some of your other channels in terms of margins and pricing and mix?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll start, and then I'll let Jereme go from there. We do see pent-up demand, and we do see people very excited for this opportunity. We've got to get as I said earlier, we worked very hard with our channel partners to prepare and so we're ready for that with our DME distributors to handle the influx of users that will come through that. With respect to pricing in models, Jereme can go a little more specific, again, this is the same Medicare pricing that we have in our Medicare business for those who are on intensive insulin therapy. So the only thing that would change is a larger portion of our patients could become Medicare patients and subject to Medicare reimbursement. And on an overall basis, Medicare is very favorable for us. So we're in a very good position there. with these patients. We're very excited to serve them. Jereme, do you want to add to that?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, I think that's exactly. I mean, at the end of the day, it depends on what the reimbursement would come through at that will ultimately determine margins. Thus far, the reimbursement has come in generally in line in a favorable manner. Over the long term, we'll keep an eye on what that reimbursement looks like. And then we'll have that conversation to make sure you guys understand where this is going. But all throughout this process, we'll be looking at -- we'll be looking at reimbursed, and we'll also be looking at how we deliver our products at what we to be a lower cost. And so that will be our way of helping manage through that as well.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kyle Rose with Canaccord.
Kyle Rose: Great. Good evening, everyone. I guess I'll be the guy that asks what's next when you're in the early stages of a new product launch. But just wondered if you could set some expectations with respect to extending the days of use as well as adding back some of those software features that you pulled at the request of the FDA in the second half of last year, just help level set expectations for R&D on a go-forward basis here.
Kevin Sayer: Why don't I start on the software side. We've made significant investments in software. We'll be adding back, for example, the -- we shut the alarms off feature for up to 6 hours in the U.S., certainly before the end of the year. That feature will be added back to the app. And we're looking for a steady stream of upgrades to the app over the course of time. What you're going to see from our software team is continual upgrades and launches on a much more regular basis than we have in the past. Part of G7's engineering was to create a software platform that we could do more with and that we can upgrade much easier than we have done in the past. So that feature will be back before the end of the year, and we're excited for that as our -- as our users.  As far as what comes next, the #1 initiative in our R&D group is to get those extra days of sensor wear out there. As we've talked about this publicly, we've got some work to do on the patch. We have a new patch that we're going to put into manufacturing and it's a new manufacturing processes there, and we have a couple of other programs that we know can extend the life and make it better.  What we struggle with and the reason we started 10 days is we want the appropriate reliability experience for our users and what they expect. By upgrading the patch and a couple of other changes, we're quite confident we can be there. And you'll see that life extended here in the not-too-distant future. It is our #1 priority, and our team is making very good progress.
Operator: We will take our final question from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Guys I was wondering on -- as we think about the LCD, obviously, a lot of focus understandably on basal-only I was wondering how you're thinking about the opportunity within the noninsulin-using patients. I understand it's going to be a subset based on the LCD and hypoglycemia risk. But the overall numbers are very high. So just curious how you're thinking about that? And are you approaching commercial pay there as well?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, it's a good question. Maybe I can start, and then certainly, Kevin can fill in. Obviously, massive market. And within that market, there's different use cases as you kind of go through the acuity, even the subacute within that market. So we are thinking about it from multiple different levels. from a combination of a few different areas. One, is it an area where we want to reimburse were we worried about hypo? Is there a software change we need to make to target maybe a hyperglycemic approach. So we're thinking about how to either fit form software and product feature and/or does the existing product makes sense, which, again, in many cases, we think it does. So we are working with payers and thinking about how we go after that market. In terms of price point and use cases, I think that's the 1 we're still working on because the acuity level may be different. There may be someone who's kind of moving more on the acute side that's going to want to use it very similar to a basal or an intensive user, where it's going to help maybe reverse the progression of the disease as opposed to someone that's maybe more diagnostic on the front end to help maybe curb changes earlier on. That's something we are working through. I think there's going to be a bunch of different use cases. So it's hard to model that price out because I think it's going to be different based on who exactly is using it and what stage of the disease state they're in. Kevin, any other thoughts?
Kevin Sayer: No, Jereme, I think you've hit it very well. It is a different market, and it will be a different use case. And it's up to us to determine the proper value equation for that somebody is getting what they expect to be paying for. And the problem isn't as severe as somebody is integrated with an AID system.  On the other hand, the results can save the system as much, if not more, money over time. So we're looking at that balance and looking at how best to position our technology in that market. But we're very excited to address it in the future.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Listen, I want to thank everybody for listening today. This was a great quarter for us, record new patients, a great beat on the top line, continued leverage on our -- on the operating expense line in general, based on what we know, given the fact that it's the first quarter of the year, we couldn't be happier here, and it's going to be a great year for DexCom. Thanks for listening. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference, and we thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Abby and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Abby and welcome to DexCom's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives; followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are also slides available related to our fourth quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our fourth quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I'd like to start by reviewing some of DexCom's key accomplishments in 2022. Total revenue grew 20% on an organic basis driven by another year of record new customer starts. This translates into more than $475 million of organic revenue growth compared to last year as we saw another step forward for CGM awareness and DexCom brand loyalty. We added nearly 450,000 DexCom users to our base in 2022 and ended the year with close to 1.7 million customers globally. Our team did a great job generating this customer engagement and growth while simultaneously enhancing the scale and efficiency of our organization. Our operations team demonstrated world-class performance this year, ensuring adequate supply in a difficult macro environment and providing on-time delivery rates of greater than 99%. We drove over 500 basis points of operating expense leverage in 2022 despite broad inflationary pressure. This was not the result of reactionary cost cutting. Instead, it reflects decisions made years ago at our company to foster a culture of cost discipline as we grow. From a strategic perspective, we will look back at 2022 as a pivotal year for our company. We advanced several of our most important initiatives, including multiple new product launches, significant access wins, new market development and a further extension of our market-leading performance in connectivity. Everything we achieved this past year helps build a foundation for years of sustainable growth ahead. For example, in October, CMS published a proposed local coverage determination that would meaningfully expand access to CGM technology for the Medicare population. This proposal would broaden coverage to include people with type 2 diabetes using basal insulin only as well as certain non-insulin-using individuals that experience hypoglycemia. This result was led by the publication of DexCom's MOBILE study and furthered by a strong partnership with the diabetes community. We heard broad support and enthusiasm from key stakeholders during the comment period and expect the ruling to be finalized in the coming months. As a reminder, we size the basal-only type 2 population at 3 million people in the United States. Between this Medicare ruling and broader commercial coverage which we expect to follow shortly, this population has the potential to nearly double our addressable reimbursed market in the United States. Outside the United States, our team has been equally focused on building greater access. We drove many positive coverage decisions from Mobile payers over the course of 2022. These access wins were in response to the strong clinical evidence we continue to generate as well as the introduction of our portfolio strategy in many of these markets. 2022 was the first time that we brought multiple DexCom products to a single market and this strategy has enabled us to significantly extend our reach. By offering multiple products, we can provide a unique value proposition that meets the specific needs of our diverse base of customers, clinicians and payers. A great example is in the U.K., where DexCom ONE was added to the national formulary for all people with intensively managed diabetes. Collectively, our international access initiatives have helped us expand our reimbursed coverage by 3.5 million lives over the past 18 months. 2022 will also be remembered as the year of G7. We received both CE Mark and FDA regulatory clearance for G7 and initiated a full launch outside the United States. The feedback from our customers has been everything we'd hope for. We are hearing consistent praise for the new features, such as the 60% smaller form factor, shorter warm-up period and more engaging and consumer-friendly app. Perhaps the most encouraging is that 97% of initial users surveyed have found G7 easy to use. We designed this product to simplify the lives of our customers and we are thrilled to see that emphasis resonating. All of this leaves us incredibly excited to bring G7 to the U.S. In fact, we began shipping this week into our U.S. distribution channels to support our rollout. We have quickly ramped up production capacity to support the launch with our automated G7 lines already capable of producing more than 100,000 sensors a day. We want to get G7 into the hands of as many people as possible. So in conjunction with our launch, we've established a bridge program to simplify access for our early adopters. This program will provide new and existing customers access to G7 immediately and allow us to go to market in a broad and expedited manner. Behind the scenes, we continue to advance our discussions with payers to build reimbursement. Our conversations have progressed very well and we are well on track with our G7 coverage plans. More importantly, we are not going to be bashful about what we think of this product. G7 is the new gold standard in diabetes technology. This is the most accurate, easy-to-use and accessible CGM ever produced and we want to share this message with the world. As a result, we will be releasing our second-ever Super Bowl commercial this Sunday. We're again teaming up with one of our most recognizable DexCom warriors, Nick Jonas, to announce the G7 is here. This is a great opportunity to connect not only with our loyal G6 users but with the millions of people with diabetes that still do not use CGM. We want these individuals, their caregivers and their loved ones to know that DexCom can help them live healthier lives. With that, I'll turn it over to Jereme for a review of the fourth quarter financials. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the fourth quarter of 2022, we reported worldwide revenue of $815 million compared to $698 million for the fourth quarter of 2021, representing growth of 20% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes currency in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $606 million for the fourth quarter compared to $517 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, representing growth of 17%. Our recent momentum in the U.S. continued into Q4 as we delivered another strong quarter of volume growth and solid new customer starts. We were very encouraged by the prescribing trends we saw in the fourth quarter and we closed the year with around 75% of our commercial scripts going through the pharmacy channel. This represents the endpoint of a multiyear channel journey. And we believe our current structure maximizes access for our users as the most covered CGM and supports greater customer choice in how they access the most accurate CGM. International revenue grew 15%, totaling $209 million in the fourth quarter. International organic revenue growth was 27% for the fourth quarter. We continue to take share in international markets as the introduction of new products and access wins over the past year leave us in a wonderful position to compete for new users. For example, in response to the sizable U.K. coverage decision we received last August, our revenue growth has accelerated over the past 2 quarters in that region. Even though this was already one of our largest OUS markets, there has been a clear uptick in demand following this broad expansion of access. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $544 million or 66.7% of revenue compared to 67.7% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2021. Foreign currency was an 80 basis point negative impact on gross margin in the quarter. Operating expenses were $372 million for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $461 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. You may recall that in the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized an $87 million expense associated with the contingent milestone under the 2018 collaboration and license agreement with Verily Life Sciences. Absent this, our operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2022 would have been relatively flat year-over-year. This represents another quarter of very disciplined cost management as we generated 800 basis points of OpEx leverage. Operating income was $172.1 million or 21.1% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $12 million or 1.7% of revenue in the same quarter of 2021. Even excluding the Verily charge from 2021, this highlights incredibly strong operating expense leverage in our current year which more than offsets our step backwards in gross margin. Adjusted EBITDA was $237.1 million or 29.1% of revenue for the fourth quarter compared to $67.3 million or 9.6% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2021. Net income for the fourth quarter was $136.3 million or $0.34 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.5 billion worth of cash and cash equivalents. This cash level provides organizational flexibility to support our organic growth opportunity and assess strategic uses of capital on an ongoing basis, such as the accelerated share repurchase program we executed in 2022 and ongoing development of our Malaysia manufacturing facility. Turning to 2023 guidance. As we stated last month. We anticipate total revenue to be in the range of $3.35 billion to $3.49 billion, representing growth of 15% to 20%. This reflects another year of strong underlying volume growth which will again exceed our revenue growth rate for the year. To help provide some insight into the makeup of our guidance this year, we recently provided some additional color around our expectations. First, earlier on this call, Kevin discussed our plans to support our initial G7 customers with a bridge program. We expect this program to impact our revenue per customer early in the year as we provide G7 access at an affordable cash rate as we build reimbursement. We expect this impact to narrow over the course of the year as broader coverage is secured. Internationally, we estimate that around 1/3 of our new customer starts will come in through the DexCom ONE platform. Therefore, this business will start to have a more material impact on numbers this year as that customer base builds. For the type 2 basal opportunity, we anticipate CMS reimbursement to be finalized for this population by midyear and begin contributing to our results in the second half of 2023. We expect this population to contribute approximately 1% of our total revenue in 2023. Turning to margins. We expect gross profit margin to be in the range of 62% to 63%. This assumed year-over-year decline is primarily related to the impact of the broader G7 launch. As with any launch, we will initially be running at lower production volumes and it will take some time for our new manufacturing lines to scale. Importantly, this is a temporary dynamic and we still expect G7 product costs to be less than G6 at scale. Despite the step backwards in gross margin, we are guiding for operating margins to be relatively flat year-over-year at 16.5% which reflects another 150 to 250 basis points of operating expense leverage in 2023. This is the result of ongoing cost initiatives at our organization which continue to drive leverage even as we allocate greater investment to support our global commercial infrastructure and G7 launch. Finally, we expect adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 26% in 2023. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jereme. To summarize, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity ahead with G7 and we're rolling out product to our distributors as we speak and we're ready for a big launch in the U.S. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. [Operator Instructions] Abby, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jeff Johnson with Baird.
Jeff Johnson: Let me ask you just a 2-part question on G7, if I could. Kevin, on your website, you talk about adding more commercial coverage for G7 every day. I guess, could you give us a number of what percentage of covered lives or lives are covered currently in the commercial channel for G7 and where you expect that to go maybe over the next quarter or two? And I think Libre 3 has now been in the pharmacy channel for about 4 months or so in the U.S. Obviously, your business looks like it's probably safe with the AID users in the Medicare channel. But for your stand-alone T1 users, have you seen any change in your attrition rate? Anything as we kind of look at that Libre 3 versus G6 dynamic that has changed in the last few months that Libre 3 has been out there?
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks, Jeff. Yes, I appreciate that. This is Jereme. So to your question on coverage, we're still in the throes of the commercial DME and the Medicare coverage. We talked about on G7 taking about 90 days. But on the pharmacy side, we're actually a little bit ahead of schedule. Kevin referenced, we're well on track to the point where I talked about, about a $30 million-ish hit in Q1 as a result of our bridge program. That number is more like $15 million now and that's because some of those pharmacy contracts are coming in earlier. So we are making great progress and we continue to get that every day. And the signs lead to more and more contracts coming over, maybe even ahead of schedule. In terms of the question then on competitive dynamics, maybe I can start and then Kevin will obviously have a few thoughts there. We had a record new patient start in Q4. If that gives you any context to we had another solid new patient quarter. So while we have seen competitive product out there, we continue to do very, very well with G6 to the point where we have seen incredible strength there. And that's, of course, on the heels of a G7 launch which as we referenced, is coming out here in the next coming days. Kevin, I don't know if you have anything else to add there.
Kevin Sayer: No. I would tell you what we're also hearing is a great deal of excitement from our user base for G7. So with respect to your question regarding how our G6 users doing, they're very anxious to get G7 and very excited to go. So we're feeling good about where we are right now.
Operator: We will take our next question from Larry Beigelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Beigelsen: Kevin, I wanted to ask about the ramp in the type 2 basal population. I think people were a little surprised you only expected 1% growth contribution in '23. I guess, that would be about $60 million on an annual run rate. At the last investor meeting, you said you expect $700 million in revenues in 2025 from sources other than insulin-intensive patients and I think this was mostly type 2 basal. So the question is, do you still expect $700 million by 2025 from these non-intensive sources? And how do you see the ramp in the type 2 basal population?
Kevin Sayer: Well, Larry, our -- I'm going to talk for a bit. I'll turn it over to Jereme. Our initial estimates, it's 1% of our total revenues would come from that. And that's a reasonably sized number. We plan for July, second half of the year, approval and rolling it out from there. It may go faster than that but we've been conservative in our estimates and we will make every attempt to beat those. As we look out to 2025, that non-intensive insulin space is not just basal users. We believe our CGM product will be very valuable amongst a number of markets in the type 2 space and also in metabolic health. So it's not just basal users there. It's a lot more than that. And many of the basal users, as you well know, move up to be intensive insulin users as well. So we view that population as moving and shifting with us as they go. Jereme, you have anything else to add?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Larry, so the $60 million number you're referencing would assume, say, everybody started on July 1 and they went through the end of the year. The reality is that some folks will start in July, some folks will start in December. And so really, the exit velocity is much higher than that on a run rate perspective. If you were to blend it, average it over the course of the year, you're really only getting 3 months of revenue contribution. And so you kind of do the math there and the exit rate is a little bit higher than I think what you're implying. So we are really, really bullish on it. But it is a recurring revenue business. So what we need to do is get those -- get that coverage out there, get the scripts in. And so, look, I understand the question. It's a big, big market with a big, big opportunity. We plan on playing in it and we plan on playing it in a big way. But obviously, we want to be prudent around guidance. And certainly, if things go better than that, then we'll always try to do so. We'll report back to everybody.
Operator: We will take our next question from Margaret [ph] with William Blair.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to maybe take Larry's question a step further and just kind of talk about the potential pace of adoption within type 2 basal, maybe not just this year but really more over an 18-month, 24-month period? And is it fair at all to compare it to, I guess, what attritional type of insulin diabetic population is? Is it going to be easier, harder, I guess, to drive adoption or are there guardrails on penetration? And then just because you brought up metabolic health to non-insulin diabetics, 2025 is just around the corner. So should we expect, I guess, a more meaningful impact from here as early as next year?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So let me start on the base and then I can turn it over to Kevin from that perspective. And so the ramp in basal is going to be a bit interesting. We'll give you kind of the way we think about it. Think about it as -- I generally start with type 2 intensive and you think about that ramp and you think about coverage and how that takes place. And if the coverage takes place over a similar time, you'd expect a relatively similar ramp. Now, I'd caveat that by saying there's more awareness today. And hence, the Super Bowl commercial is a good opportunity for us to continue to raise that awareness. However, the place in which the basal patients cede is a wider swath of physicians. And so we don't have an exact crystal ball here. If you're using prior analogs, the best analog is type 2 intensive would be about the adoption rate. But I think as time moves on, we'll be able to give you a little bit more color. But that's kind of our best crystal ball. And then maybe, Kevin, if you want to give just some general thoughts about metabolic health and the opportunities there.
Kevin Sayer: No. As we look out to the future, Margaret, particularly with our easy-to-use G7 platform that we're launching today, we believe our future is very bright as we deal with metabolic health. We've changed our mission statement to help people control their health, not just diabetes anymore. We continue to see very positive results from several programs who are using sensors to assist people in these endeavors. And over time and particularly with type 2 management and all the type 2 drug alternatives on the horizon, we believe CGM becomes a very important part of that health equation. And we're continuing to work on product offerings and business models. So it will be differentiated from what we do today and geared towards that population. We're really excited about the opportunity. And it will continue to mature over 2023 and then we'll see what happens in 2024. We've got a lot of basal patients to reach first. So let's go after them and then we'll continue to move to the other areas as well.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Congrats on a nice quarter. Wanted to ask about the European or OUS experience. And it looks like you're gaining share, you're doing well. How much of that is being driven by G7? And what's the feedback there? And any head-to-head color you could give us versus Libre 3 in the markets where it participates? And then also sort of same question on DexCom ONE and the impact you're seeing there.
Kevin Sayer: I will start off. With respect to the sales and the revenue numbers, G7 and DexCom ONE are still early enough in their launch life cycle that while they're additive, they're not what's driving a lot of the adoption, a lot of the growth that we've seen in European markets. A lot of that's been what we've established with G6, the additional coverage that we've obtained, as I talked about in the prepared remarks, in 18 months, we've added 3.5 million more reimbursed lives. That being said, initial response to G7 has been everything we'd hoped for. People love the app. They love the receiver. Again, in many of these markets, the receiver is a very, very strong tool. My most recent conversation with the G7 user focused completely around the 0.5-hour warm-up. A 0.5-hour warmup has eliminated 90 minutes of the longest 2 hours of somebody's life who ever used the G6. And certainly, in the comparative front compared to the hour warm-up, again, it is a much better experience. The majority of our G6 users are new to DexCom. They're not DexCom upgrade -- I mean G7 users, I apologize. The majority of our G7 users are new to DexCom. Some of them come from the competition. Some of them have not used CGM before but they're all finding it very easy to use and having great experiences. So we're very happy with the product to this point in time. We've done very well.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: So I'd like to spend just a minute on the gross margin and how you anticipate those ramping throughout the year. And then while I know we're sort of early to think -- be thinking about 2024, I do think people are looking at that as sort of a more normalized margin rate and if you could sort of shed any light on how to think about that.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Thanks, Joanne. Appreciate that. And you start off with, obviously, the fourth quarter. We had a really strong gross margin. I think it's a demonstration of what's to come with what our teams can do when you give them time with a new product launch. So I think as you think about the year, the cadence for 2023, we do expect in the first half of the year margins to be a little bit lower. And that's because of, as Kevin referenced earlier, the bridge program. Certainly, that has an impact. But most importantly, it's the launch of G7. Volumes won't be at where they would have been, say, in a more mature launch and we'll still be going through some of those early manufacturing scrap and yield challenges we always see. But what we've proven time and time again is if you give our engineering and R&D team time with these lines, they continue to get yields better over time. And so our expectation is as we start to exit the year in 2023, we start to come closer back to that long-term guide of 65% gross margins. And there's nothing longer term structurally that we don't believe, especially as G7 gets to scale, that gets us back to those long-term guides that we've originally provided. So we'll continue to work towards that. Think about 2023 as the first half of the year as a little bit lower. As we ramp up those lines in the back half, you start to tackle some of that absorption of those fixed overheads.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler.
Matthew O'Brien: Just on the bridging program, can you tease out a little bit more, maybe, Jereme, on expectations there? I think you had said $20 million to $30 million. You said you're trending better than that for Q1 which is great to hear. But I don't think you ever said how much the bridging program is going to cost you for the full year. It seems like it's going to be even better than expected overall versus maybe what you were thinking starting off '23. But then also bridging is supposed to be more of a headwind on the gross margin side, too. And if it's less of a headwind, maybe that helps out the gross margin profile a little bit more, maybe sooner than expected. So I'm just wondering like based on all these things on the bridging program specifically being better than expected, should we start to creep up a little bit more as far as our expectations for top line growth and then even gross margins for the full year?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. I don't think we're at a point where we'd necessarily change our guidance. But let me take your question head on which is in isolation, what does this do? So certainly, what the bridging program, what this effectively means is we have contracts in place a little bit more ahead of when we ultimately expected. And so ASPs will be a little bit higher and that's as a result of most folks going through coverage as opposed to the bridging program. So that does a couple of things. Certainly, it does help revenue and it does help margin. That all being said, we're not changing guidance for the year. But I think what this does mean is, one, it's a great thing for patients who want to access the product. We talked about coverage being a key strategy. That's wonderful. It does help longer term for those margin profiles. And while I wouldn't necessarily guide you outside of our ranges, you are correct. It does help on revenue and gross margin on the full year. And the other question was how much for the full year. We expected a majority of it, almost all of the $20 million, $30 million, in the first quarter. We do expect a nominal amount in Q2. We haven't expected any of it beyond Q2. Really, a majority of your concern would be in Q1.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Marie Thibault with BTIG.
Marie Thibault: Congrats on a strong quarter. Wanted to ask a little bit more on kind of the backlog around the Medicare decision making. I'm very curious how physicians and patients, how aware they are of that decision, whether we might see a bolus of patients sort of come on once that Medicare coverage took place.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks for the question. It will be up to us to drive awareness in that community to make sure people are aware of that decision. There will certainly be those very familiar with DexCom and with continuous glucose monitoring will be aware of it and will pick it up quickly. But it will be up to us to drive awareness in both communities. the physicians and users of the product to go and ask for it and to create that environment. So we're not going to sit back and wait. We're going to have to push.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: So U.S. growth the last couple of quarters has been around 17%. So second half of the year, I think, was record patient growth for both quarters. So trying to think about ex the contra [indiscernible] for the bridge program if we should be seeing an acceleration here in the first quarter and the U.S. growth specifically and how that builds over the course of the year. And then on the Super Bowl ad, what kind of impact did you see on U.S. new patient starts last time you did that?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So I'll start with how we're thinking about Q1. And the way we've generally thought about Q1 is in terms of full year contribution, absent any sort of bridging program, to be a very similar contributor as a percentage of total year revenue in the first quarter. So that's total company, not just U.S. total company. And then, you add the bridging program and then you pull it down from there. And that's generally how we think about the quarter which is just an indication of continued strong new patient growth. Clearly, we'll be working through driving new patients and driving growth over the course of the year. In terms of the Super Bowl and then how to think about the Super Bowl and how that contributes, last time we did it, there were hundreds and hundreds of thousands of inbound leads. Not all of those obviously translated into patients but there was a lot of interest. One of the challenges, though, if you rewind the clock a couple of years, is there wasn't as much coverage there. And so I think what we're hoping this time around is, one, the awareness is the most important thing. And the awareness, as that gets out there, will be very, very helpful. But as coverage starts to come through and we have this bridging program in place, it's a real opportunity to take advantage of it. We're not ready to give exact patient numbers out there other than to say that the return on capital is a very strong investment. And so, you should expect we do that math before we sign up for this. And we wouldn't be doing if we didn't expect a return on investment that was commensurate with what you and we would expect.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Just maybe an OpEx question. It looks like it's a bit bigger of a step up implied in '23. I know the Super Bowl ad is a contributor. But just wondering if you can comment on what are the sources of the OpEx growth and maybe hit on any planned changes to the sales force in support of G7.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jayson. This is Kevin. I'll take it, rather big picture. We'll continue to invest in R&D. Our spend will grow some but not as rapidly as it has in other years. And quite honestly, as a percentage of revenue, it's probably come down a little bit. Same with -- on the G&A side, we'll continue to invest in infrastructure and build things out for our continued growth. But a lot of that investing has been done. Our biggest dollar investment, our biggest increases are going to be on the commercial side and in all areas, create awareness in the sales force, marketing across the board, we'll be spending on the commercial side. Those expenditures will -- could adjust and move over the course of the year as we learn more. We've always been very adept at channeling those dollars where they can be the most effective. We're analyzing some of that now. We certainly have a plan but we've never been afraid to deviate from it if it makes more sense. And so we're looking at all those things. A lot of international investment this year, quite honestly, as a percentage of our investment. International is getting a bigger piece of it than they have in the past because we really look at these opportunities. We've got G7 and several of these companies combined with the DexCom launch and all those covered lives we've added. We think there's great growth opportunities over there but we've got to invest in that infrastructure.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And just to kind of add to that one, Jayson, just to give you some context. We launched outside the U.S. with DexCom ONE and G7, call it, in the first couple of phases. But we have more phases to go. And so we're going to make the marketing push obviously with G7 in the U.S but there's also a second phase of G7 launchings outside the U.S. and a second and third phase of DexCom ONE outside the U.S. So sales and marketing is really where we want to put our investment and we'll get leverage elsewhere. But hopefully, that gives you kind of some context for how we're thinking about that spend in 2023.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt Taylor with Jefferies.
Matt Taylor: So I just want to get some thoughts on gross margin longer term. I know you touched on this year. And obviously, with the new product launch, there's some initial depression and then you get spring loaded with leverage over time. So help us think about G7 over the next couple of years. Does that expand? How can that impact gross margins with and without the potential for a longer wear label?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I can start there. You're 100% right. I mean, obviously, there's the levers to get the actual cost of the product and we've been very transparent about it. We want to get to basically $1 per day and a 10-day sensor or a $10 sensor. And then we want to go even beyond that. But that has always been kind of our public goal. Then, of course, as you move to a 15-day sensor, that cost is spread out over a longer period. So we have intentions over the long haul of doing all of that. Now the math, if you do that, would indicate there's some real opportunities in gross margin even beyond potential long-term guide. The one thing we want to be mindful of is we don't want to shortchange ourselves and other opportunities to either partner or otherwise over the long haul. So while the long-term guide remains intact, there are certainly levers and opportunities for us to do well there. And so I think you're hitting on all the right points. That all being said, we really hold to that long-term 65% gross margin. That's what we'll work to. And if there's other opportunities to get fill you in on some other things we're doing in the future, we'll certainly do so.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mathew Blackman with Stifel.
Mathew Blackman: Jereme, just curious, I appreciate all the inputs that you gave us that roll up to the 15% to 20% guide. I'm just curious, have you contemplated in that 15% to 20% range any competitive pressures in the event that your competitor gets approved to integrate with a pump sometime in 2023?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. Yes, we do. We've considered all of that when providing that guidance. I mean, when we think about all the competitive pressures and then we think about all the opportunities ahead of us, we consider all that in the guidance. And you are right, there is the potential out there, at least according to some of the commentary, that there could be some potential pressure out there. I would say that we've contemplated it. At the same time, we feel very confident in our product offering and what it ultimately does, how it integrates and the safety features that people rely on our product for the accuracy, the ease of use. So I think we feel very confident about it. But yes, we did contemplate that in our guide.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Pasquale with Nephron.
ChrisPasquale: Love the update on how you guys are thinking about price. You said in the past, your U.S. channel mix could start to stabilize once you hit 75% of the pharmacy. You're there now. But you also have D1 making a bigger portion of the OUS starts which I would imagine might pull down your international ASP a bit. So can you tell us what impact price had on revenue in '22 and then how you're thinking about the potential impact this year?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So we'll talk about 2022 since we gave kind of a guide there which was around $200 million in the U.S. and around $50 million outside the U.S. And the full year of 2022 was generally in line with that. It was, I think, just south of $200 million in the U.S. and just south of $50 million outside the U.S. So basically right in line with that. So I think you can feel good about what guidance we gave there. Going forward, the expectation is in the G Series, that delta -- that price-volume delta starts to come down over time. What we would expect to see is -- and we're not going to give a specific number for 2023 since most of that migration is done but we will have to lap the 2022 migration. And then if there's drift, say, 75 say drifts to 80, you wouldn't expect material moves there. But those are all things we've contemplated in those figures. To your point and I think you're hitting out the way we model the business, we model the business as a G Series and a DexCom ONE. And I would suggest you do that going forward. And then to your point, DexCom ONE modeled as a percentage of total business will allow you to then understand the contributions to ASP there which is why it was important for us to give you our expectation of new patient starts in 2023 that 1/3 of them outside the U.S. will be on DexCom ONE. So I think the way you're thinking about the model is exactly the way we model it internally and that's the way I'd go about doing that for 2023 and beyond.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kyle Rose with Canaccord.
Kyle Rose: I wanted to ask an additional question just on the commercial strategy moving forward. I understand the DTC advertising and you doubled the sales force a few years ago. But just as you prepare for basal approval in the U.S., how does the focus or the call point of the actual sales force need to change? Do you need to make additional investments in people? Just help us understand how the targeting goes moving forward.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that. Jereme gave us a bit of color earlier. 75% of our calls already by our U.S. sales force are in the PCP arena. And I think you'll continue to see that expand as our team spends more of their time addressing that marketplace, at the same time, not ignoring the places where we've been so successful in the past with the intensive management diabetes. So we will look at that structure in great detail. On a geographical basis, even within the U.S., there may be some places where we need to expand geographically versus large expansion across the entire country. We'll analyze that in great detail as we go. We're in the process of doing that now. We just brought on a new Chief Commercial Officer, as many of you will remember, in early January. And she's deep in the middle of that today as we manage those thoughts and the launch and everything else going on but we'll look at it very strongly.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
SteveLichtman: Question on DexCom ONE outlook. Can you talk about any major new geographic regions you expect to roll out the platform this year? And should we expect to see any movement in bringing DexCom ONE onto the G7 platform this year? Or is that a longer-term play?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. It's a fair question. Let me just say, we're not necessarily going to give the playbook as to what countries we are going into. Now we have launched recently in Croatia, Romania and Greece for DexCom ONE. That is out there now. So hopefully, that gives you some context but we will be launching in more countries. But rather than give the playbook publicly, we'll let our commercial team execute that and give you that feedback. But just know, we will go into more countries. So hopefully, that gives you at least some context. We will go. In terms of the movement from DexCom ONE to the G7 form factor, we are absolutely going to be moving to that factor. It's going to take a little bit of time and the reason it's going to take a little bit of time is, as we get economies of scale on G6 which we have today across the existing user base as well as DexCom ONE as well as a lot of opportunity for new users on G7, we want to make sure we prioritize G7 and that form factor for those patients coming on to therapy on the G Series. Make no mistake, though, as soon as possible, right after that, we will be moving DexCom ONE to that G7 form factor. Stay tuned. We'll have some updates as the years progress on. But you're thinking about it the right way. We will move there in relatively short order.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Jennings with Cowen.
Josh Jennings: I was hoping to follow up on the pricing question. And I'm not sure if you've given a recent update just on how investors should think about the average reimbursement DexCom receives in the U.S. for a G6 or a G Series patient. And then just a follow-up on that is, will that change with the G7 introduction for one? And then two, is it important the share shifts in the pump market just considering the reimbursement DexCom gets to the DME channel with the Tandem pump versus the pharmacy channel with the Insulet pump?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. It's a good question. Look, I think the way to think about the ASP is it's really more about channel than it is about version. And so as you think about where folks and who folks -- who gets access, the general way to think about it is Medicare which is publicly out there, I think after the increase, it's around $250 a month. There's a delta there which goes to the distributor who ultimately fulfills that. So the net price to us is south of that. But ultimately, that would be our price in that range; that's publicly available. Generally, commercial DME is higher than that and pharmacy is lower than that number. And so that's the way to think about it. In terms of then how ASP moves over time, think about it less of generation of product and think about it more as where folks want to get their product. And so I think you're thinking about it the right way. As we talked about, 75% of our lives covered in commercial. 75% of those patients, those patients obviously then come through at a lower price point. If that drifts to, say, 80%, you could see that having a potential tick on there. Again, most of that is behind us but that's the way to think about the split there. And then in terms of pump partners and how folks ultimately access it, it really depends again consumer preference. You're right, Tandem is generally accessed through the DME and Insulet's generally access to the pharmacy. So it makes sense that folks get their CGMs through that channel. That all being said, it's ultimately consumer preference. And we believe the consumer experience through the pharmacy is great. We have some really great DME partners. They do a wonderful job fulfilling product through that DME channel. And so we believe that, that folks can be fulfilled either way.
Josh Jennings: Great. If I could sneak in just a quick follow-up. Just thinking about your CGM platform attached to pumps, is there a premium reimbursement that DexCom receives in that scenario versus standalone? Or is it all consistent across the board? It just depends on the channel, as you said?
Kevin Sayer: No. Right now, there's one class of CGM products and reimbursement is consistent across the board.
Operator: We will take our next question from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: I was hoping to follow up. You talked, though, the last quarter just about rolling out cash pay models in the U.S. Just curious if you could provide more color as you're thinking about that opportunity today. And then for 2023, specifically, how we should think about potential incremental contributions from that?
Kevin Sayer: You bet. This is Kevin. I'll take it. Big picture, our cash pay program for G7 to start with is going to be our bridging program. And people will be able to pay cash for G7 that way. Ultimately, as we get access and coverage of G7, when people's co-pays will be significantly lower than the bridging program cost, we'll phase that out and have a cash pay program on G7 that individuals will be able to access. We continue our cash pay program on G6 but that is not a major portion of our revenues. It's just a piece of them. We do this to create access primarily where people's insurance doesn't cover it and they can't get access through the federal or the other governmental channels as well. It's not a huge percentage of our revenues. We need to continue to be cognizant of it and address those patients' needs. And that's why we have it there.
Operator: Next question from Matt Miksic with Barclays.
Matt Miksic: If I could, just 2 quick follow-ups on some of the topics that were covered earlier. So on ramping production for G7 to the gross margins and the impact and improving on scrap rates and all that. And just wondering, by the end of the year, we're sort of hitting what you say about your manufacturing and sort of representative margins maybe in the facilities that you have. And the other was just on the comment you had on contemplation or competition on the pump integration front this year. And if that were not to come, I'm just wondering, not to put you in a tough spot or anything like that or credit margin the guidance range. But if that were not to come, does that -- is that sort of a slight tailwind to the -- to the top end of your guided range or how to think about that?
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that bigger picture. Jereme has been very familiar with the numbers but I'll give you a bit of my perspective. With respect to no competition in the pump integration point, we may pick up more, we may not. What I do know is everybody using those pumps integrated systems right now uses a DexCom. And they're achieving remarkable results with the technology we've developed over the years and we'll continue to receive such. It is our position that the experience that they're going to have with algorithms based upon DexCom's CGM that have been developed through the data and the performance of our sensor will continue to make us the leader in that space regardless of who the competing sensor is. And so we're very confident there that we will continue to have a very strong product offering going forward. With respect to the margin change over the course of the year, there's a couple of factors in there. Obviously, Jereme has talked about the bridging program in the first half of the year bringing margins down a bit because the revenue per patient will be a bit lower there when we start. But as we see that pick up, we'll pick that up on the revenue side. Then you have basal come in and Medicare reimbursement is strong; so that will help on pricing. The flip side of that is it's sometimes lost on folks, everything we do with G7 is different. All these lines are completely different. All the capacity is different. But the only thing that's the same is we're building in Arizona and we're building it in San Diego. And that's not going to be the same for a good portion of the year because we expect the factory in Malaysia to be up and running in the second half and producing product there. So you have a number of variables with respect to scrap, with respect to purchasing components, with respect to how these lines run as we get them up and running and functioning at full speed versus where they are today and then bringing on a new factory. We have tried to contemplate every one of those variables as we've started and we'll update you as to how things are going as time goes on. But whenever you do a product launch, particularly when this significant because when we did our last big G6 product launch, we had similar margin activity but it was on a much smaller scale because we're so much bigger than we were before, there's just more variables that we have to plan for. We've tried to be conservative and thoughtful in our guidance based on the performance we expect of our teams. We also expect our teams to be better than this too. We don't ever lower the bar for them, as they will tell you. But we've looked at all -- every one of those things and contemplating that and we meet on this literally every day to make sure we're covering all of our bases. This launch is really important to us as are our margins. But it's really important to get product out to all the users that want it.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Michael Polark with Wolfe Research.
Michael Polark: I just wanted to follow up on first quarter to make sure I have my modeling square. Jereme, I heard in response to prior question using the full year guide, you're thinking about 1Q consistent with seasonal patterns. The last 3 years, I have 21% of full year revenue in the first quarter. If I use the midpoint of your range this year, that's $720 million. But then you made the comment about the bridge program down from there. So that would be another, say, $15 million or $20 million for the quarter. So I'd be at $700 million or $705 million. Have I put this together correctly? If not, can you help?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. I mean you're not far directionally off. I mean you are right, we do expect the Q1 contribution and really the sequential decline from Q4 into Q1 to be very similar to what you've seen in the past. And so that will help you get a little bit closer as you think about sequential decline as well from Q4 into Q1. That will put you into a ballpark. And then from there, you're right. We updated our number. It's about $15 million now as a result of the bridging program as opposed to the $20 million to $30 million. But that will get you in the ballpark. You're not far off but there's probably a little bit of tweaking to do around the edges there. But use that 21% contribution but think also 10% sequential. Those little rounding differences ultimately matter in there. Hopefully, that gives you the context you need though.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with no further questions at this time, I will turn the call back to Kevin Sayer for any additional or closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We spent a lot of time in our fourth quarter call talking about 2023. I want to just step back again and thank all of our great people here at this company for their hard work in a year where we delivered on our revenue targets, we controlled our costs. At the same time, we've advanced our technologies, our infrastructure and we've advanced coverage and accessibility for our product all over the world to enhance people's lives. But we are very excited for this launch. This is my fourth major launch here at DexCom. And every single time, it's taken our company to another level. The first time was G4 and that was when accuracy really came to bear. And we truly established what accuracy standard should be for CGM and we will remain the most accurate system in the world. G7 is going to be a better experience than G6. Every time we try to make the product easier to use and this is the biggest ease-of-use advancement we've ever had as we look at the responses from our users so far. And as always, we will make this product as accessible as we can. DexCom has always been the most accessible brand CGM as far as coverage and we will continue to do so. That's our commitment to drive that very hard for our end users. It is going to be a busy and great 2023. I am very confident we'll be sitting here a year from now and I'll be able to say the same things. Thanks, everybody and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I will be your operator for today's conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Sean Christensen. Sir, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our third quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our third quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Today, we reported another strong quarter for DexCom with third quarter organic revenue growth of 20% compared to the third quarter of 2021. Our teams executed incredibly well as we work to advance our strategic initiatives while preparing for the largest product launch in our company's history. In the U.S., we saw continued momentum after our strong second quarter new customer starts with ongoing loyalty among endocrinologists and growing traction with primary care physicians. We are finding these physicians eager to engage with our teams as they learn more about the clinical benefits and superior outcomes that DexCom CGM can provide their patients. While we expect these primary care relationships to be critical to our long-term customer aspirations, they also help us better serve the intensive insulin-using population in the U.S. today. The domestic core market still has a long runway of growth ahead as we expect the vast majority of the population to adopt CGM to help them better manage their health. Outside the U.S., our team continued to deliver customer access wins this quarter. One example, in August, the NHS announced the inclusion of DexCom ONE on prescription via the England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland drug tariff for everyone with type 1 diabetes and type 2 intensively managed diabetes. This announcement meaningfully expanded access to DexCom within these markets as our previous reimbursement was generally limited to a smaller population of higher-risk individuals. Importantly, this is a clear example of how we can leverage our portfolio strategy to reach many more people with diabetes across the globe. Whether we use DexCom ONE to enter new geographies or to improve access within existing markets, there is a large opportunity to expand our reach. In many cases, these are segments of the market that have lacked product choice for customers. So providing DexCom's leading real-time CGM solution is being welcomed enthusiastically from customers and health systems alike. As many of you have seen, we were also very excited to initiate our full OUS launch of G7 following a successful limited launch. G7 is now available in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, Austria and Hong Kong. We have been looking forward to this day for a long time as we view G7 is not only a major step forward for DexCom but for the entire diabetes technology market. This is a game-changing launch. As we often say, G7 takes everything about G6 and makes it better. It has a 60% smaller form factor, 30-minute warm-up time, 12-hour grace period to allow customers to choose a convenient time to change sensors, an improved app experience and more. All of this while building upon the product performance and accuracy that has earned the trust of our customers and clinicians. These advancements were specifically designed to improve the lives of our customers, and that is being recognized by our earliest G7 users. The feedback from our launch has been incredibly positive, which adds our confidence that this product will take DexCom to the next level. We are moving quickly to make this life-changing technology available broadly around the world, and we'll be rolling out G7 across a steady cadence of additional geographies over the next several months. In the U.S., we have responded to the FDA, and our G7 regulatory pathway is tracking in line with expectations we shared last quarter. We completed the necessary software changes in response to the feedback we received from the agency and subsequently validated the data to ensure the software is operating as designed. These efforts position us well to receive G7 clearance before the end of the year. This is a very exciting time for us. We believe this is the product of the future for DexCom, and we are working diligently to make that product accessible to a much broader population, not only the intensive insulin-using population but moving into people with type 2 diabetes on basal insulin only, noninsulin-using type 2s, gestational, hospital, metabolic health and beyond. Along those lines, there is a growing body of evidence demonstrating outcomes beyond the intensive insulin-using population, including a recently published study in Diabetes Technology and Therapies. This study assessed the benefits of DexCom CGM for a population of predominantly noninsulin-using type 2 individuals. Similar to our mobile study, it demonstrated meaningful reductions in A1C levels and improvements in time and range across the study group. Notably, the largest improvements in time and range came from the cohort being treated with one or less medication per day. This suggests that a sizable opportunity exists to help individuals earlier in their diabetes journey, potentially preventing escalation of the disease. This has meaningful long-term health implications for those starting on CGM and also holds promise to reduce the economic burden on our health system associated with progression of diabetes. CMS clearly recognized this potential in 2017 when they became one of the first global payers to cover CGM for people with intensively managed type 2 diabetes and they appear ready to lead yet again in customer care. In early October, CMS published a proposed local coverage determination that would again meaningfully expand CGM for the Medicare population. Once finalized, this proposal would expand Medicare coverage to include the basal-only population as well as noninsulin-using individuals that have experienced hypoglycemia. This proposal is in direct response to the clinical outcomes demonstrated in our MOBILE trial, where DexCom proved to meaningfully improve time and range for this population. Since publishing that data, we have been expecting a reimbursement decision and applaud CMS for taking the lead. Coverage for the basal-only population alone would allow us to help significantly more people in the U.S. as we size that population approximately 3 million individuals. This will be the first major reimbursement expansion beyond the intensively managed space and one that we expect to be the first of many. Historically, CMS has often led commercial payers on coverage decisions, and we anticipate the same dynamic to occur here. However, we're not stopping there. We will continue to advocate for the millions of additional individuals that could benefit from access to real-time CGM. There is a massive opportunity ahead for DexCom. With that, I'll turn it over to Jereme for a review of the third quarter financials. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the third quarter of 2022, we reported worldwide revenue of $770 million compared to $650 million for the third quarter of 2021, representing growth of 20% on an organic basis. As a reminder, our definition of organic revenue excludes currency in addition to non-CGM revenue acquired in the trailing 12 months. U.S. revenue totaled $573 million for the third quarter compared to $490 million in the third quarter of 2021, representing a growth of 17%. Momentum continues to grow in our U.S. business. We saw initial signs of an inflection in late Q1 and have been encouraged to see those positive customer trends continue in the months that followed. This resulted in a reacceleration in revenue growth in the third quarter. The investments we have made in our salesforce over the past year are starting to pay off. We instituted new salesforce tools earlier this year to make calls more efficient. And today, our team is yielding productivity metrics in line with our high expectations. We have also taken steps recently to simplify access for people in the United States by creating multiple cash pay options. We are seeing growing demand coming from outside our current reimbursement landscape, including the type 2 non-intensive space. So we established these programs to help serve these customers as we work to broaden access. International revenue grew 22%, totaling $196 million in the third quarter. International organic revenue growth was 28% for the third quarter. Our international business continues to deliver impressive results as access initiatives completed over the past year are helping us gain market share. For example, in Australia, we are seeing very positive response to the recently expanded reimbursement for G6. Within weeks, we saw an uptick in demand. And currently, our new customers are trending around three times higher than prior to this expanded access. We have seen this dynamic play out again and again, where broader access can serve as an almost immediate catalyst to demand. As a result, we will continue to prioritize our efforts to make DexCom CGM accessible to many more people across the globe. Our third quarter gross profit was $494.2 million or 64.2% of revenue compared to 68.7% of revenue in the third quarter of 2021. Similar to last quarter, the launch of G7 creates a difficult year-over-year comparison on gross margin as G7 development costs are now included in COGS. This dynamic accounts for some of the expected step down compared to 2021. Additionally, there were 70 basis point negative impact on gross margin from currency. Absent this, gross margin would have been approximately 65%. Operating expenses were $333 million for the third quarter of 2022 compared to $320 million in the third quarter of 2021. Our focus on cost management was on full display this quarter as we generated over 600 basis points of operating expense leverage despite ongoing investment to support our growth. We drove leverage in every category of spend this quarter, while simultaneously offsetting inflationary pressures. Our focus will continue to be on generating leverage in non-variable expenses while reinvesting those savings into our global commercial infrastructure. Operating income was $160.8 million or 20.9% of revenue in the third quarter of 2022 compared to $123.8 million or 19% of revenue in the same quarter of 2021 as our significant operating expense leverage more than offset gross margin declines in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $226.6 million or 29.4% of revenue for the third quarter compared to $173.5 million or 26.7% of revenue for the third quarter of 2021. Net income for the third quarter was $111.9 million or $0.28 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.4 billion worth of cash and cash equivalents. We reached a new high watermark in terms of free cash flow this quarter, generating over $180 million of free cash. This provides us the flexibility to support our ongoing growth opportunity, while also assessing any strategic uses of capital on an ongoing basis. Our largest use of capital continues to be the buildup of our Malaysia manufacturing plant. Construction continues to progress on schedule, and we expect this facility to be producing commercial product by mid-next year. This facility will provide us the necessary scale and manufacturing efficiency to support our long-term cost targets. During the third quarter, we also executed our previously announced accelerated share repurchase program, purchasing over 550 million of outstanding shares. This allowed us to reduce the dilution associated with our 2023 convertible notes while buying back our shares at what we viewed as an attractive price point. Turning to guidance. We are updating our full year 2022 revenue guidance to a range of $2.88 billion to $2.91 billion. For margins, we are updating our full year guidance to the following. We are reducing our gross profit margin guidance to approximately 64%, down from 65% previously. And we are maintaining our previous operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin guidance at 16% and 25%, respectively. This guidance factors in another sizable uptick in currency headwinds relative to expectations we shared a quarter ago. We now expect approximately $55 million of foreign currency headwinds for the full year relative to our prior estimate of around $40 million. This currency impact is the primary reason we found it prudent to reduce our gross margin guidance for 2022. However, we reiterated our operating margin guidance as we expect to offset the additional foreign exchange pressure through ongoing operating expense leverage. We have been able to navigate through a shifting economic environment well to date, but we are certainly not immune to macro pressure. Leading economic indicators continue to point to additional uncertainty in the coming quarters. So we are working proactively to offset these impacts where we can. All these dynamics could create incremental challenges to work through in the near term. We are as bullish as ever about our underlying business and the opportunity ahead for DexCom. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jereme. Our third quarter was characterized by sharp execution and delivering results in line with what we said we were going to do. We're committed to launching G7 internationally in the third quarter, and now we have G7 in five different countries with more following closely behind. We said that our growth rates in the U.S. would reaccelerate as the underlying trends in the business remain strong, and we delivered on an acceleration in the growth rate. We committed to advancing our G7 regulatory process in the U.S., and our efforts this quarter leaves us on track for a clearance before the end of the year. We said that the basal-only coverage would be a matter of when, not if. Now we have more clarity around when. We will continue to operate with this type of focus on execution going forward. Finally, as we move into Q&A, we have Jake Leach with us. We recently announced the promotion of Jake to the role of Chief Operating Officer, providing him with end-to-end responsibility for product. With almost two decades of experience at DexCom and serving most recently as our Chief Technology Officer, nobody knows G7 and our product road map better than Jake. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open. Please proceed.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Kevin, I thought I'd start with a question on your international business. You guys have been benefiting in the last few quarters from recent access wins. You talked about those in the prepared remarks. One of your competitors this quarter was dealing with some company-specific issues. So it's kind of hard to get a good feel for what's going on maybe underlying demand trends outside the U.S. So I guess the questions are, are you seeing anything tied to macro uncertainties in your international markets? And with a lot of your international markets paid for through nationalized health care systems, do you consider international to be more or less, I guess, macro sensitive compared to your U.S. business? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Jeff, I may ask Jereme to help me on that. I'll take a first pass. We have learned in our U.S. markets getting access and getting reimbursement through these government agencies is absolutely critical and key to driving growth. As we've had wins in the UK, we've had wins in Spain. We've continued to have wins in Germany as we've shifted price to create more access. That's what's driving our growth. We're getting access to more people who can use our technology and use our better product. For right now, we haven't seen any macro trends that would make us feel that this isn't going to continue. As we get more access, we will continue to grow and do well. DexCom ONE is going to be a home run for us. G7 is doing very well out of the gate. We look very much forward to a great year internationally in 2023. I don't know, Jereme, if you want to add to that?
Jereme Sylvain: No, Jeff, outside the U.S., historically, there's been a cost-sensitive approach towards care, health care. And that's where DexCom ONE has really played a major role for us of winning some additional access outside the U.S. So we do believe that providing these opportunities around multiple systems to address the need both more acute and less acute, it provides us really a differentiation. So we continue to expect to do well there. And we'll keep you posted if we start to see anything change in terms of macroeconomic demand starting to dampen individual access. But for now, what we see is a great opportunity and an opportunity given our product portfolio do very, very well there.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a really good quarter. Maybe I'll ask about the basal opportunity, and this is really exciting here. I just want to try and set expectations for how we should think about updates to the model. First off, when do you think this can really start to - when should it start to impact the model and add new patients? And I realize it's about one-third of patients are Medicare. And then expectations, if you have them for reimbursement, should this be at the normal Medicare rate, meaning higher than the pharmacy right now? And when should we start to think about commercial plans coming online? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: You know what, I'll start with the big picture things. We're starting commercial plans and talking about this now. This is such a big event for us and such a big win that we'd be stupid not to. So we are thinking about this now. Our product offerings, our distribution strategy and all those things, Robbie, as far as when it's exactly going to hit and go into your models, that's something we'll discuss later. We know the time frame for this can be anywhere from like four, five to nine months out as we work through this. But we're confident we're going to get through it. We're just thrilled with the ruling, and we are thrilled that we could be part of this. Our data from the MOBILE study was a large component in pushing this initiative across the finish line because we saw how well those people did. Jereme, if you want to get into more specifics on the numbers side, go ahead.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Absolutely. So Robbie, the way we're thinking about it now is really - it's likely a second half 2023 event just given the time. And so expect that, but we'll give you more clarity as to how much the contribution is as we guide for 2023. In terms of commercial payers following, we do expect to see that as you certainly think of Medicare Advantage plans. But even as you have folks really progressing throughout their journey, we know that this product ultimately reduces cost from the system, improves lives and outcomes. And so we do expect those to come along as well. In terms of reimbursement, the way that CMS typically reverses it is based on qualification, and this is an expansion of the category of qualification. And so thus far, it looks like it's reimbursed in line with the existing qualifications. And at the end of the day, it's incumbent upon us, and we think we continue to show it that the economic benefits of putting somebody on CGM far outweigh the costs. And so it's on us to continue to show that evidence, and we think we can continue to prove that as more and more evidence comes. So we'll get back to you a little bit later in terms of the expectations of 2023 contribution. But that should give you a feel for what we expect over the coming year.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Matthew Blackman with Stifel. Your line is open. Please proceed.
Matthew Blackman: Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for taking my question. I have another question on basal. Also, as we try to think about modeling the annual value of these basal - patients, what is a reasonable way to think about where frequency for a basal patient? We've heard varying feedback from clinicians. And frankly, it's been tracking higher than we would have thought, maybe a 20-plus days per month, but I can't tell if there's any early adopter SKU in that. Just any thoughts there would be helpful. Appreciate it.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. I'll maybe draw you back to the MOBILE study, which the MOBILE study was really targeted at folks wearing it full time, which was the basis for CMS coverage. And so I think what we would see is as folks get on to therapy, we would expect a relatively similar utilization. There might be dips in between it for here and there, a day here or there, a day here and there as product is coming in. But for the most part, we expect full-time wear, and that's how we've seen folks get the most benefit. So I'd expect it from there. Clearly, this is a new market for us, but all the early work we've done around patient satisfaction, patient results, these folks have wanted to wear it. They wanted to wear it full time. And so we expect that to be the baseline going forward.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Margaret Kaczor with William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to talk a little bit about U.S. growth. Obviously, you saw a really nice acceleration from Q2 to where we are in Q3. So can you provide any context around the growth in new patient adds, how that's trended going into Q3 and more specifically in Q4? And I know you'll love this, but going into 2023, all of this growth is coming in advance of G7 in basal. So why shouldn't we assume even more of an acceleration to occur for several quarters from now? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Happy to talk about the patient trends. So what we saw kind of rewind back Q2, a record for us. Q3, early feedback is it's at least equivalent of that of Q2, and we'll even get more data here soon. So Q3 was another very strong new patient add quarter for us. And so when we talked last about and expecting a reacceleration that was on Q2 and an expectation of a strong Q3. I think we had a very, very strong Q3. And quite frankly, we expect a strong Q4. That's where you see that reacceleration in the U.S. So, very bullish on that particular opportunity. And you are right, that is with G6. And so we obviously are very offer G7 to the U.S. population. As it pertains to momentum and moving into 2023, we'll talk about that as we give guidance in 2023. But I think the takeaway here is we are still very bullish on this business, very bullish on the opportunity and ecstatic about the opportunity to offer G7.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Matthew O'Brien with Piper Sandler. Your line is open, sir.
Matthew O'Brien: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe, Jereme, just if you could put a little bit finer point on basal for next year? I know you said second half of next year, and you're expecting a lot of wear. But it's going to be pretty early days. A lot of things got to work through. So is it fair to think of it as a fairly modest contributor next year? And then this might be a kind of a question, but you have G7 coming out next year and then you're going to have new basal patients. Just talk about manufacturing for all these products you're going to need over the next several years? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Let me start with the - maybe the model expectation. We have Jake here. And I think it will be good for him to talk through the manufacturing. So in terms of how to model it out, Kevin alluded to it earlier. Generally, there's about a six to nine month period where look, there's a proposal, and things have to go through. And so as folks start to open up coverage, that's why we expect that coverage to really start in the back half. And again, this is a recurring revenue business. So there will be a contribution we expect in 2023. How material, we're going to size that up, and we'll make sure that we - as we size it up for you, we'll give you the context for how we're guiding to it in 2023 so you understand our assumptions. If things come earlier or things go faster or slower, we'll certainly give you that clarity so that you have it. But our expectation is there's a contribution. How material, it's going to take a little bit of time as that grows, but still a contribution and really momentum exiting 2023 into 2024. But in terms of capacity, maybe let me turn it over to Jake to give you some context there.
Jake Leach: Yea. Thanks, Jereme. So from a capacity perspective, we've been gearing up for this G7 launch for quite a while. So we've got G7 lines installed here in San Diego as well as in Mesa. And so we feel really good about our position to meet the needs of our full G7 U.S. launch as well as the international launches that will continue throughout the year. Also to remind you that we've got our Malaysia plant coming online the next year. So that should also help boost our capacity. And so I feel really good about the ability to both provide G6 and G7 product.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you for taking question. Sorry, I don't know, if you heard any of that. But...
Kevin Sayer: Let's start over.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening and thank you for taking the question. DexCom ONE launched in, I think you said six geographies outside the United States. How is that ramping? How should we think about that contributing? Because I was starting to put together in my mind like your core base business, you layer on top of that G7 benefit. You layer on top of that DexCom ONE and, of course, basal. What's the layer for DexCom ONE?
Kevin Sayer: I'm not going to get into numbers, and we'll get into models later, Joanne. I can tell you again, I'll reiterate our comments on the call. There are many geographies where CGM is accepted where we have been isolated to higher-risk patients, patients on pumps or severe hypoglycemia. And we were reimbursed more, but we were narrowly viewed. In many of these geographies now with DexCom ONE with our lower-cost offering, but with real-time CGM and the accuracy and other features we deliver, we're now able to go compete for those customers. That will be a very important level of business for us, particularly in Europe going forward and other countries and other places where we need to launch it. That will be a layer - I mean, our core business, our core G Series product is going to be our primary source of revenue for a while. But over time, you will see all these elements grow bigger and take a bigger piece of the pie. And Jereme, you build the models. You - why don't you add a little more?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So Joanne, I completely understand the question and how to model it. I think what I would say is in 2022, this is a business just getting started. So it's not a material contributor in 2022. However, we understand the challenge. And so we will make sure that we're able to identify what the contribution looks like as we start to give forward-looking guidance over time. So just rest assured, as that business gets bigger, we'll start to give you line of sight into that. For now, what's most important is we've unlocked an incredible amount of TAM. And that's super important as we think about how many new patients we're certainly going to be bringing in. So more to come there we'll certainly help you with models going forward. But for now, just know DexCom ONE is a relatively small contributor this year, and we'll talk about 2023 here in a few months.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon. Thanks. Just a quick one. I may have missed this, but did you talk about volume growth in the quarter? And if not, can you? And maybe comment on any geographic differences? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So we were in the unit volume in the mid- to upper 30s globally. In terms of the performance, the U.S. was slightly below that but still in the mid-30s, and OUS was slightly above that in the upper 30s and so really just continued strong momentum in that patient cohort or that underlying patient volume.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Nathan Treybeck: Good evening. This is Nathan Treybeck on for Larry. In terms of your comments around G7 U.S. launch timing by year-end, is there anything that still needs to be done? And then how soon after the approval do you expect a full launch? And how should we think about the ramp? Is there any reason why it should be different than the G6? Thanks.
Jake Leach: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is Jacob. I'll take that one. So yes, we responded to the FDA in Q3 with the answers to their final questions. And so we feel really good about how that positions us for approval in Q4, so before the end of the year. We're really planning our launch to occur in Q1. So that will be a full launch and the - our status with the FDA is we've gone back and forth. We're feeling really good about this being kind of the end of the review period. And so we're very confident in that Q4 approval timing and a Q1 U.S. launch.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from [Matt Tyler] with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks very much for taking the question. I actually wanted to double-click on some of your commentary on DexCom ONE and thinking about your portfolio strategy as you get G7 out there. I guess, can you talk a little bit more about how you're going to use G7, G6 and one together to kind of meet customers where they're at in different markets around the world? What are some of the different flavors or different ways you could use that portfolio?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. I'll take that at a high level. Certainly, our G Series product, our G7 is going to be our flagship product, we roll it out. And that will be - we're very comfortable with that being a home run. There will be some countries where G6 is so new. It's not going to be prudent to go rush G7 into those geographies. We can let that customer base grow while we expand others. So we look at G6 and G7 in a very similar light as far as their features, the connectivity and all the things that they do. With DexCom ONE currently on a G6 platform, we have areas where we need to grow, and we need to get there fast. And that product will remain on the G6 platform. We're not ready to move it to G7 anyway. We're going to use our existing G7 capacity to sell G7s in the beginning and strengthen ourselves in our current business and where we are doing very well now with our partners and everybody else ultimately DexCom ONE will shift to that platform. And we'll roll out that way. So as you look at DexCom ONE, we've said many times that product is for two major purposes. The first one is to go into new geographies where we can do an online e-commerce type business and launch it as we have in those first four countries, in countries where CGM is reimbursed. But again, we have this situation where there are two types of CGMs they will pay for the - that for the high-risk patient and connectivity and with those features that we've always had on the G Series. And then the other area, we are using DexCom ONE as a vehicle to get into those markets and utilize our capacity to go sell sensors and serve customers there and give them a better experience than they've ever had before. And that is the plan for right now.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Marie Thibault with BTIG. Go ahead, Ma'am.
Marie Thibault: Thank you so much for taking the question. Wanted to ask one here on your comments on cash pay in the U.S. Unless I'm mistaken, I believe that's a recent shift or a new shift for DexCom strategy? Would love to hear a little bit more about how that's being rolled out and how patients and providers are hearing about that cash pay option? Thanks so much.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. This is Jereme. It's a bit of a change. I'd say it's an addition or an augment to an existing strategy. So we've always believed that access is incredibly important. And we believe that over the long term, access is at the basis of adoption. However, there are some certain populations out there that have high interest in the product that continue to want to use the product to manage their diabetes. And we felt that this was a way to allow them to do so while we work on that access. And so what we are doing is we're launching multiple different versions of cash pays. We'll have those being promoted here shortly to targeted populations. And what the goal here is that folks don't have coverage, while we work in the background to get coverage, basal is a good opportunity, a good example, I should say. They can't get the product for a discount price. And the price is less than 50% of what - the cost of them is 50% less than what it historically would have been. So real good opportunity, multiple different options, multiple different ways we're going to be rolling it out. You'll see some marketing materials around it soon. But I would - I think this is a great thing for access. I think it's a great thing for folks who have been looking to get on a DexCom that, for whatever reason, haven't been able to allow them to do so.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Kyle Rose with Canaccord.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you for taking the question. So obviously, the G7 launch, you're starting in a few countries now, going to move into the U.S. in the Q1 next year. Just how should we be thinking about gross margins when we - when you turn on those facilities and then in particular, the Malaysia facility coming online as well? Just how should we think about the COGS line over the course of the next 18 months?
Jereme Sylvain : Yes. So the best way - good question. The best way to think about it is in the first quarter in which we turn on lines, you generally have a dip in gross margin. And that's the initial set up the yields. We'll give you guys a little bit more line of sight into cadence as we get into 2023 guidance. But as you turn on those lines, the first sets, the yields are a little bit lower. You're absorbing in depreciation, and then as those yields start to improve, you start to get a better gross margin run on those. So I think the expectation is, is you'll have some blips there in the periods in which we launch into certain countries, specifically U.S. And then as more and more folks transition off of G6 to G7 and those increase, you're going to see those margins improve. Longer term, G7, we can make at a lower cost than G6. And so it's just this transitory. We'll help you out on the modeling as we get into 2023 guidance, but as you're trying to get your head around what the cadence looks like when we turn online, that's the expectation of when you'll have the dip and then a recovery after that.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And the next question in the queue is Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. As we think about some of these new opportunities from the LCD, I'm wondering in the near term how things are progressing on the intensive type 2 side. With - given the comments you made in terms of primary care doc progress as well as the work you've done on coverage, can you update us on where you guys - do you think the market is in terms of penetration intensive type 2s? And are the pieces in place for that just to continue to expand meaningfully in the coming couple of - 2 years?
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks for the question. We continue to do very, very well. So if you think about kind of where that type 2 intensive penetration is, it's surpassing 35%. In terms of how we're doing, I think couple of maybe data points, which I think is helpful. First off, record new patients, Q2. Q3 is in line with that based on early feedback, could even be a little bit higher. And so you're seeing patients coming in, which is just an indication of more and more folks adopting where a good majority of those are coming from that type 2 intensive population. It's our fastest-growing segment. I think you also think about it from a context of who we call on. And as we look at our sales team, we talk about productivity, more than third-quarters of the calls we make are now to primary care physicians. And that's because that's where we're looking to expand over time. So I think what we've done in expanding the salesforce last year and really focusing on those sales tools, thinking about the type 2 intensive and then beyond, basal and beyond, I think you're really seeing that play out. And you're seeing some very strong growth in that type 2 intensive segment, and it sets us up well for that basal segment.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays.
Matt Miksic: Hi. Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just a follow-up on some of the questions about how the ramp-up of G7, it is a little bit of a modeling question, not really at all sort of a guidance question. But just in terms of how the portfolio comes together and works maybe following up on Kyle's question on ramping up these new lines. Can you talk a little bit about channel, how the sort of middle of the P&L might respond or flex as you kind of get into some of the opportunities you're talking about? Is there a channel synergy across all of these? Do you expect to have to kind of spend into some of these opportunities and then get leverage over time? Maybe if you could talk a little bit about that, that would be super helpful. Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, sure. So the line - the way you think about the lines and this is the way we've set it up is DexCom ONE physical form factor cost to manufacture, not necessarily cost to support and how we service it, but really the physical product. DexCom ONE is very similar to G6. There are other features that G6 has, but hardware is very similar. And it's very similar in G7. G7 lines and eventually DexCom ONE will migrate to a G7 line. And so as you think about these products, then it becomes a question of price point and then how we ultimately service the patient there. So that's the way to think about it. Over time, as we go into certain markets depending on price point, it's got much less to do with what I would say is the physical product itself. We grow into those markets over time through economies of scale. And so that's one of the reasons we believe with DexCom ONE, there's a real great opportunity here. The economies of scale for us are massive. And by going into those markets, we certainly can grow into that profitability profile. So as you think down the middle of the P& L, certainly, as you go into DexCom ONE, there could be a slight margin differentiation, but those economies of scales help offset it. We also look at the service model, and we're able to manage the service model in a different way. So the ultimate operating margin contribution is the same. So that's how we think about it. And so as you're modeling it through, that's how I would think about it.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. I'd just add to that. And I don't want this lost on the call. Take a look at our operating performance this quarter. Record cash flows as a former CFO is something I love to hear. And so we have managed our business very tightly. As we look at these, we're works new product lines, your question is very appropriate. And we do have work streams about our cost to serve our patients, our cost to develop our new products, our manufacturing costs given all these new things we're doing. We are looking at the cost structure of the company every bit as much as we're looking at the product launches. So we can make sure that when we get to the end of this road with these launches and with these products and new markets and new products that we have operating margins that are acceptable to us as we increase our customer base dramatically.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question in the queue comes from Joshua Jennings with Cowen.
Joshua Jennings: All right. Good evening. Thanks for question. I wanted to just ask about the sequential acceleration in 3Q of revenue growth. And either if you could quantify or just qualitatively describe the contributions from your new pump partner. And just on that topic, if you can just remind us the requirements once G7 is approved to integrate G7 into the Tandem insulin pumps. Any steps that you can highlight and what your expectations are on that front? And can anything be done in front of G7 approval with year-over-year partners? Thanks for taking the question.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure, I'll start with the contribution. And let me turn it over to Jake, who is our maestro on product development and understanding products. In terms of contribution, look, we're very excited about both Tandem and Insulet products. And as they launch more and more products that we are obviously integrated with, we expect it to contribute. Now quantifying that and having those contributions, it's a little bit difficult to do given some products - some folks were already on DexCom CGM who bring in a pump, and some folks pull over. So as time moves on, we'll be able to really tease that apart. But I think what we would say is we're still bullish on the opportunity of folks ultimately using our product with these incredible pump partners. I'll leave it at that just because it gets hard to contribute. Again, we'll be able to retrospectively give feedback as time moves on. But let me give it to Jake in terms of the connectivity and the timelines on G7.
Jake Leach: Yes. Thanks, Jereme. So on G7 integration with our pump partners, basically, the steps are to make a few updates on the pump side to take advantage of the new features that are within G7 such as the fast warm up as well as the grace period. And so those groups are already - they have been already working on that for quite a while. And so we do see great progress on those integrations. They've gone through kind of final steps of development and validation. So a lot of that work can be, to your point, done ahead of time. And so when it comes to a specific timing of approvals and launches, we'll leave that to our pump partners. But we're progressing very rapidly, and we do expect them to be integrated soon. One thing I'll note is that on our other side on the digital health partners, for example, in Europe where we have G7 out, those that are connected up to our real-time API already have G7 integrations. For example, Sugarmate is a group that's already consuming G7 data within their app at the beginning of the launch. So very excited about the opportunity to bring more to the ecosystem with G7.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We have no further questions at this time. I will turn the call over to Mr. Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks a lot, everybody. This was a great quarter for us with growth, with excitement related to our product launches, expanding global access and performance on the bottom line as well in a time when the world is in a lot of chaos, we've done what we said we were going to do yet again. Our teams are just executing very well as we press towards the end of the year and look to build momentum next year. I want to thank our team members for their hard work to strive towards these goals. It is all hands on deck to get G7 done, to get DexCom ONE out in these markets and do all the things that we are trying to do. But I want to close with a special note. I want to thank all the members of the diabetes community that have been working together to help improve access to CGM technology. The recent CMS proposal represents a big win for people with diabetes. And we're only one member of a large group advocating for this result. This was a collective effort from the diabetes community on behalf of the diabetes community. We want to acknowledge the hard work that led to this proposal, both inside and outside of DexCom and share our excitement to help so many more people with diabetes in the U.S. live healthier lives, and it's only the beginning. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This will conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Daryl, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Operator. And welcome to DexComs second quarter 2022 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexComs Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our second quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that lets review our Safe Harbor statements. Some of the statements we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexComs annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our second quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you everyone for joining us. Today we reported another strong quarter for DexCom with second quarter organic revenue growth of 16% compared to the second quarter of 2021. Momentum for global CGM adoption remains high and we once again achieved a worldwide record new customer starts in the second quarter. Following some disruption early in the year related to the Omicron wave, office access has continued to improve and we experienced a return to a more normalized customer journey, which helped us deliver this record. Customer satisfaction also continues to reach new levels as our U.S. net promoter score hit another all-time record in the second quarter. Our own customers value the differentiated experience at DexCom provides with consistent praise for our real-world accuracy, connectivity, actionable features and customer support. Product performance has been a hallmark for DexCom throughout our history, customers and caretakers alike rely upon the accuracy of DexComs CGM and can be confident performance across all aspects of glucose management backed by numerous clinical trials and borne out by real-world experience. We have long viewed software as an avenue to differentiate enabling unique user experiences, supporting greater connectivity and enhancing our ability to move more seamlessly into new markets. In support of this vision, we have invested significantly in building our software infrastructure in recent years and now spend more of our R&D budget on software than hardware, a tangible example of this can be found in our rollout of DexCom ONE. This product leverages our G6 hardware and we will use our G7 platform in the future. By using software to provide a different experience in our G series systems, this has allowed us to meaningfully expand our market presence in recent months. Entering new markets and winning tenders internationally that were previously not available to our G Series product, this is just the beginning of our journey of leveraging software to create products that meet the needs of our end users. Our software infrastructure is also positioned us to be the partner of choice for technology companies are looking to build new and innovative experiences around CGM data. Our list of real-time API partners continues to grow, as we are the only company that can provide partners real-time CGM data in an FDA regulated solution, our software capabilities are also laying the foundation for our success beyond the intensively managed population. For example, two partners focused on the use of CGM for weight management and metabolic health signals and levels helped have clinical trials underway that are leveraging our real-time API capabilities. We are excited to see the outcome from these trials as they provide a glimpse into the future for CGM technology that could serve as a much broader end market than today. The second quarter saw a number of strategic accomplishments in the international markets that continue to strengthen our competitive position. The excitement continues to grow for our portfolio of CGM systems G6, G7 and DexCom ONE, and we have made significant strides in both direct and distributor markets to broaden access to our technology. We launched DexCom ONE in both Spain and the U.K., and have secured reimbursement for key segments of the population. Opening large parts of these markets have previously lagged reimbursement for DexCom CGM. We also announced a partnership with Roche to distribute DexCom ONE in Italy. This relationship will allow us to leverage Russias well-established commercial infrastructure to bring DexCom ONE to a much larger Italian market. In Australia, the government recently committed to providing subsidized access to our G6 system for all people living with Type 1 diabetes, which is a significant improvement in coverage and a great win for Australians deserving access to CGM technology. Our limited launch of G7 in the U.K. continues to be met with significant enthusiasm from our customers, who provided consistently positive feedback on product size, ease-of-use, the shorter warm up time, the app experience and more. Many customers shared that they would often forget they were even wearing the G7 during the recession and indicated they cant wait to continue wearing the product full-time in the future. The period has proven to be incredibly valuable, allowing us to assess the functionality of the sensor, adapting a real-world setting, and providing feedback on ways to refine our support system to make the broader rollout as streamlined as possible. We are excited to get G7 in the hands of more customers and plan to expand our launch in the third quarter starting in the U.K. In the U.S., our 510(k) submission for G7 remains under review at the FDA. As part of this process, we are making a subtle change to the G7 software based on feedback from the FDA slightly delaying our expected timelines for clearance and U.S. launch. We expect FDA clearance and limited launch later this year and a large commercial launch in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2023. Encouragingly, our preliminary discussions with payers have progressed very well. They understand what this product will mean for our customers and people with diabetes broadly, giving us increasing confidence in the ability to ramp up commercial coverage quickly. Finally, we were very proud to showcase our expanded CGM portfolio two of the largest diabetes conferences of the year TBD in Barcelona and ADA in New Orleans. These events provide us an opportunity to connect with thought leaders across the diabetes space and we continue to see a clear consensus on real-time CGM being the standard-of-care in diabetes management and a growing appreciation of the health and economic benefits of extending the use of this technology beyond the intensively managed population, including the broader Type 2 population and use in the hospital. Between these two events, there were dozens of presentations, abstracts and posters highlighting success stories of CGM to-date on what the future hold for this technology. I started attending diabetes conferences almost 30 years ago. As I look back even two years or three years ago, these types of conversations around the broad potential of CGM were non-existent. Now its become very apparent that CGM data will become the basis of where diabetes management and glucose control in the future is headed. We are very excited about the opportunity to add to DexCom. And with that, I will turn it over to Jereme for a review of the second quarter financials. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in todays earnings release, as well as on our IR website. For the second quarter of 2022, we reported worldwide revenue of $696 million, which included $12 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact. This is compared to $595 million for the second quarter of 2021, which represents growth of 16% on an organic basis. We have slightly changed our definition of organic revenue based on feedback from our stakeholders to exclude currency and acquisition-related revenue in the trailing 12-month period. Volume growth for the second quarter came in around the mid-30% range on a global basis. U.S. revenue totaled $511 million for the second quarter compared to 462 million in the second quarter of 2021, representing a growth of 11%. Customer demand remained strong in the U.S. and our unit volume growth continued to grow at a very healthy clip this quarter, relatively in line with recent quarters. We have been launching a number of new tools for our sales force in the U.S. that leverage technology to make each physician visit more efficient and effective. These tools inform our team what each doctor is prescribing, the makeup of their payer mix and even out-of-pocket costs for each customer. This data can make each visit more impactful and help us continue to address the competitive mix that still exists in the market. We continue to see an ongoing impact in revenue growth from our strategic shift to the pharmacy channel. But as discussed previously, we believe this will ultimately set us up to serve meaningful, more customers over time. International revenue grew 39%, totaling $185 million in the second quarter. Organic revenue growth was 34% for the second quarter. Our positive momentum continued this quarter as the number of global initiatives we implemented in the past year has significantly improved our competitive position in international markets. In addition to the DexCom ONE new market wins Kevin highlighted before, we also continue to drive greater reimbursement in our initial launch countries in Eastern Europe this quarter. While we previously announced that patient reimbursement in Bulgaria and Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have now established full or partial reimbursement for individuals with Type 1 diabetes. This is a great example of how our CGM portfolio strategy can help us enter completely new markets and be a catalyst for access. Through new product launches and reimbursement efforts over the past 18 months, we are happy to share that we have increased the reimbursed access to our product by more than 3 million customers and look forward to getting this much needed technology in the hands of as many people as possible. Our second quarter gross profit was $449.5 million or 64.6% of revenue, compared to 70.1% of revenue in the second quarter of 2021. Given the initial launch of G7 in the U.K., this is the first quarter where G7 development costs started to flow through COGS, accounting for some of the expected year-over-year step down in gross margin. Additionally, there were greater than 50 basis points of impact from currency in the quarter. Our second quarter gross margin was a nice step-up from the first quarter and leaves us on track to hit our margin targets for the full year. Operating expenses were $347.6 million for Q2 of 2022, compared to $315 million in Q2 of 2021. Similar to last quarter, we generated meaningful operating expense leverage despite incremental investment to support the G7 launch. We saw OpEx as a percentage of sales this quarter drop by 310 basis points year-over-year, as we continue to leverage our R&D and G&A expense lines. Operating income was $101.9 million or 14.6% of revenue in the second quarter of 2022, compared to $101.5 million or 17.1% of revenue in the same quarter of 2021, as a tough year-over-year gross margin comp was partially offset by operating leverage in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $175.5 million or 25.2% of revenue for the second quarter, compared to $156.6 million or 26.3% of revenue for the second quarter of 2021. Net income for the second quarter was $69.5 million or $0.17 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the quarter with approximately $2.8 billion worth of cash and cash equivalents. This provides us the flexibility to continue to invest in our organic growth opportunity, including the ongoing build-out this year of our Malaysia manufacturing facility and to assess any compelling strategic investments that present themselves. Along those lines, we announced today, a $700 million share repurchase program, which will allow us to offset the dilutive impact from our 2023 convertible notes. We are always assessing the best uses of our capital and given the recent market pressure, we view this as a great time to invest in our own business, as we remain incredibly bullish on the sizable opportunity ahead for DexCom. Turning to guidance, we are updating our full year 2022 revenue guidance to a range of $2.86 billion to $2.91 billion. For margins, we are reaffirming our prior full year guidance of gross profit margins of approximately 65%, operating margins of approximately 16% and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 25%. This guidance factors in a significant uptick in currency headwinds relative to the expectations we shared a quarter ago. We now expect around $40 million of foreign currency headwinds for the full year relative to our prior estimate of around $15 million to $20 million. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jeremy. As I look at this quarter, our underlying fundamentals remain incredibly strong. We experienced another quarter of solid volume growth, achieved worldwide record new customer starts, recorded our highest ever customer satisfaction rating. These results were before any material contribution from G7, which we expect to improve the customer experience in every way. We advanced our CGM portfolio outside the United States with a wider rollout of DexCom ONE, helping us reach more reimbursed lives and serving more new customers. For G7, the feedback from our limited launch in the U.K. has been fantastic, leaving us incredibly excited for a broader global launch in the coming weeks. And in the U.S., we now have clear visibility to the finish line on G7 clearance and our preliminary payer discussions are setting the stage for a big launch early next year. Despite all the macroeconomic challenges that exist today, runaway inflation, supply chain challenges, FX headwinds, we reiterated our margin guidance, continue to have no delivery delays across our business and remain committed to driving additional operating leverage in the coming years. And finally, we announced a $700 million share repurchase plan today. This will allow us to offset the dilutive impact of our 2023 convertible notes and also provides us an opportunity to send a clear message. We are betting on ourselves and the mass opportunity ahead of us. We are optimistic as we have ever been about our future. With that, Id now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Go ahead, Robbie.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking my question. It was when you filed G7 last year. You had a pretty high degree of confidence in the completeness of the filing. So, one, wondering if we could get a little more on what it is with the software, what you have to change and how different its going to be from the European version? What gives you that level of confidence and how to think about U.S. sales growth until we get a G7 launch? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Robbie, this is Kevin, I will take the G7 questions. The software revisions relate to the management of the alerts and alarms in the U.S. app. FDA had some questions about some of the things that we have done and put in it. We discussed several options that we had, we decided the best option at this time was to revise the software and file it differently and we have added a few other features to it as well based on our discussions with them. We are in the middle of revising the software for that and have to run it through the complete validation and verification process and resubmit. We are not done with it yet, but we are working very quickly to get done with that and thats really our big major issue we talked through everything else. We did have a strong level of confidence and we still do in our relationships and our discussions with the FDA and G7. The one thing we figured out as we have been through this process is we changed absolutely everything. We changed the algorithm. We changed the insertion techniques. We changed every manufacturing procedure that we have and completely rewrote the entire app and the software experience, which is a lot for them to digest and a lot for us to submit. If I look at learnings for us over time, I think we will probably do things a little more incrementally going forward, rather as big as this one was and we can get things through faster. But we are in a good spot. We have a lot of clarity as to where we need to go going forward and I will let Robbie handle the growth issues regarding G6, because we are still doing extremely well with that product, not Robbie, Jereme, go ahead.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Hi. How are you doing, Robbie, and thanks for the question. So in the U.S., look, the quarter here, we had about 11% growth. Thats generally due to some of what we talked about in prior quarters, us getting into physicians offices and as those new patients didnt hit those record levels, you ultimately see that recur on a recurring business model such as ours it plays through. What gives us a lot of confidence for the back half of the year is Q2 was a record and we are back on that record track. We do expect strength for the rest of the year to the point where we expect the U.S. growth rates to accelerate in Q3 and Q4, as we come off of this quarter where we see these record new patient starts. And quite frankly, we expect to have record new patient starts going forward for the balance of the year, even without G7. So I hope that gives you that question. We are very confident in G6, and obviously, we are even more confident in G7 once that launches.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, Kevin. I just want to go back on your comments about revising some of the software on the alerts and alarms on the G7 product. So it sounds like to me you are still in the process of that, but I think you also said in your prepared remarks that you were comfortable, that you would still have a limited launch in the fourth quarter and a fuller launch in the first quarter of 2023 in the U.S. So, one, can I just confirm thats what you said? Two, do you have some better certainty on all the other aspects of the filing from the FDA that gives you that ability to draw that line in the sand or at least where is your confidence on that timeline? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: We do have great certainty on the other components of the filing with the FDA. We have talked through all the other questions and things that we have discussed and we are very, very comfortable with that. So really, the outstanding major item is revision and filing of the revised software after we validated and verified all of that. So we are very, very comfortable with that. And yes, what I did say is we are anticipating a limited launch in the fourth quarter in the U.S. and then the full-on rollout in -- early in the year in 2023. One of the things I said in my prepared remarks is we are very bullish about the progress we have made with the payers as far as getting the G7 reimbursed, because they can see how important its going to be for our patient base. So, on the one hand, while we have the delay in the approval and the launch that, look, none of us -- we dont like to be faster. The other thing we are seeing on the other side is a lot of cooperation in the payer community and just in the channel in getting this thing positioned for reimbursement very quickly after approval, so we can get the launch out and not too different of a time frame on a reimbursed basis from what we expected in the beginning. So those two factors together, again, add to where we think we are.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Go ahead, Margaret.
Margaret Kaczor: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Yeah. I wanted to maybe dive a little bit further into kind of this new patient add growth just because its important as we get into 2023 as well. But any details that you can give in terms of how it looks like within T1, T2 intensive and others, and if there have been any changes, I guess, in the last six months, 12 months? Are things getting harder or easier and what kind of efforts do you guys put in place to reaccelerate more meaningfully those new patient adds? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. I can answer that and thank you for the question. What we saw, and I think, this is -- we have really talked about it is, we found our folks are most effective when they are able to get into physicians offices. Thats always been the case and its continued to show itself time and time again. And so what we found is, it rises all tides once we are able to do so. But the predominance of where our new patient adds are coming, if you want to kind of see what the more accelerate is, its really in the Type 2 intensive space. As we get into more primary care physicians offices, these are folks we have called on really for the first time as we have expanded our sales force in 2021, getting their in-person has really unlocked that market and thats what you continue to see. And so now our focus is and we talked about it a little bit in the prepared remarks, now that we are in these offices, a record new patient quarter this quarter, certainly, thats encouraging. But we are also seeing that all of these tools that have been put in place means every call, every visit, every time we are in the office, we are able to be more effective about what might be the prescribers decision making around that particular patient. And through doing that, whether its debunking myths around co-pays and what the out-of-pocket is and making sure folks understand the cost, whether its the ease-of-use in showing folks that a majority of our patients are able to put it on and use either training online or simple training in the box to ultimately put it on their body. What we are really finding is we are breaking down all of those myths out there and our sales force continues to get more and more effective. So we are going to continue to do that over time and we are seeing that continue to play out as better prescriber patterns, more prescriptions per provider and more providers coming over to prescribing DexCom. So all of those are playing out, which is what gives us confidence for acceleration in the U.S. in the back half of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Winch from Citigroup. Go ahead, Joanne.
Joanne Winch: Good evening or afternoon and thank you. I am a little bit curious about some of the reimbursement landscape and things which may or may not have changed. Where do you think reimbursement is for bolus and are you seeing any other changes as it relates to prior authorization or one product versus or another or anything else that we really should be aware of? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks, Joanne. Yeah, I can take the question. So in terms of basal, we continue to make progress there. So as you think about where we are having the conversations, the conversations are both on the government in the U.S., CMS, as well as the U.S. commercial providers. We are having conversations with both and our access team has submitted the data. They have submitted both clinical data, economic data, as well as clinician recommendations and so we are going through those conversations. So its been submitted, discussions are ongoing. Timing is hard to peg in all of these, but we are continuing to advance it forward in terms of conversations. So thats basal, we will certainly be -- as that progresses forward, we will continue to give you line of sight as to how that goes. In terms of other areas, so existing coverage in areas around prior authorizations or otherwise, we havent seen a lot of that. Now there are occasionally plans that have a prior authorization pop up or pull out, our goal is to all of the renegotiations that take place to limit those prior authorizations. And as we continue to show how CGM can improve patient outcomes, its becoming very clear that prior authorizations, we see payers starting to pull those down over time, a better way to put it. And so we continue to expect to see and keep pushing that, we have not seen a material change in any form or factor. In fact, for the most part, we see them coming down and we will expect to see that over time in the intensive space.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien. Go ahead, Matt.
Matthew O'Brien: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Can we just -- as I look at the stock down 18% in the aftermarket, that $6 billion in lost market cap, even a little bit more than that. So I think it would be helpful, I dont know if the reduction of the topline guidance from 2020 down to 2019 or maybe its a little bit more is largely because of G7. But I am thinking its like a $60 million headwind, maybe something like that this year versus not getting the approval. So is it about $100 million of incremental pressure you are going to see next year and not having the approval earlier this year that you cant get all the marketing activities up and going next year? Just how do we frame up some of this modest delay, it seems like on the payer side, things are better, but just frame up what this modest delay may do to the topline as we look forward?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. I can talk about, at least for 2022 and how it operates and we can maybe not get to too much into 2023, but it can help that conversation. So a lot of the guidance and the pull down of guidance is related to currency. So its not necessarily related to the G7 and the timing associated with that. So as you look at where we are going and where we pulled that down, currency has, especially outside the U.S., has played a large impact on reported growth rates and thats one of the reasons why we have shifted and how we talk about organic growth. As you zoom back into the U.S., the G7 delay does have a little bit of an impact on guidance, and so, certainly, we would recognize that we had some impact in there and assumed it would launch. The longer-term impact is really determined on how fast we get commercial coverage and how fast we can roll it out. And so what we believe is by working alongside our coverage teams and trying to get access as fast as possible, and while we are working through getting formal approvals, partnering with folks to get quicker access and quicker coverage, we believe we can work on getting those patients back in quicker and faster to where we dont believe its going to be a material impact on 2023 and beyond. And so a little bit in 2022, certainly it could have a little bit of tick in 2023, but for the most part, we are doing all the work now to make sure that we have a major launch or it doesnt impact longer term growth rates.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Go ahead. Jason.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon. Just two questions that require quick answers. Just a clarification, I get the sense that it was a record for new patient starts in both the U.S. and worldwide, if you could just confirm that? And then the second question is, you mentioned expanding the G7 launch in Europe over the coming weeks and I wasnt clear whether you are going into new countries or is this just more expansive in the U.K.? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. This is Kevin. I will start. Yes. It was record new patients OUS and in our U.S. markets as well, both teams had new patient add records during this quarter. With respect to the rollout of G7 in Europe, what we had indicated was our first rollout will be in the U.K. and we expect we will add other geographies before the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Go ahead, Travis.
Travis Steed: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. One quick clarification, the pricing mix versus volume growth this quarter and then as you look ahead to next year, well, we start to see volume and revenue growth to start to match up a bit more. And I am thinking about the basal opportunity, is that an opportunity where you are going to have to lower price to get the volume or is the basal pricing probably pretty similar to the intensive market? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. So I can take those questions. In terms of pricing, and what Id say is, more channel mix, but the delta between the two, it was about the same this quarter as it was in prior quarter, which is what we had signaled at the start of the year. We still expect to migrate in the U.S. channel as we move more DME to pharmacy that continues as expected and then we had the OUS pricing where we took down pricing in exchange for access. We expected that to run through the end of Q2 before we lapped our strategy. So its all gone and aligned with expectations. It was right around $70 million on the quarter. In terms of basal and beyond, look, basal coverage, we believe is out there. In terms of what the pricing is, at this point, a lot of the conversations are about category coverage, and currently, category coverage is already relatively defined, defined in pricing today. And so what that means is it could be the same, but would we be willing to talk to folks about increasing access in exchange for price? We would absolutely entertain the conversation. It have to make sense for us for both the returns that we would expect on our performance, as well as for our shareholders. But nothing to this point has indicated it would be lower. However, we understand that as more and more folks get access, we will be having those conversations.
Operator: And our next question comes from Marie Thibault from BTIG. Go ahead, Marie.
Marie Thibault: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to go back to something Kevin said earlier about the new software and app experience for the patient with G7 in the U.S. Can you give us a hint of how meaningful that new app experience might be for patient willingness to try the G7, to switch to the G7, what it might do for patient demand? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: One of the best features of the limited launch in the U.K. has been getting feedback on the software and people absolutely love the app. From the very beginning, when you start, it is much easier to fire it up and get on the system and understand what CGM is going to do for you and how its going to work. So for a new user, this is a much, much easier experience and much, much easier start. The other thing thats very obvious in the software is another feature that our patients love, its a 30-minute warm up that actually ends up being about 25 minutes once you put the sensor on. I was speaking with a patient just last week and I asked her what is your favorite and what is your worst thing about G6 and the 2-hour warm-up is very frequently comes up -- was what came up and so this half hour warm-up is going to be a feature. But the software itself in addition to the typical graph in the sense of reading in the arrows, we also have clarity data built into the app that gives you feedback about how you are doing over one day, three days, seven days or even a month. So someone can go down and look and see exactly how they are doing and what their trends are, how much time they are spending in range. So its much more of a full experience for somebody in their diabetes care and our patients like it tremendously. We will be ready to go on Android and iOS and launch. We are not going to hold either of them back. The other thing with the app, its not really on the app, but its a feature of this product thats been very well accepted as well. I didnt talk much about. We have a new receiver coming. The patients absolutely have loved and are using it very well. And while I figured when we went to the phone in the beginning, everybody would immediately migrate to the phone, theres a very large percentage of our customers who use that receiver. They will be greatly enhanced in their experience by going to the next receiver with us. And on the good news front as well, that new receiver while a better experience is a much lower cost offering. So I will get stuck there on the app.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mathew Blackman. Go ahead, Matthew.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. International growth did step up even though you had a tougher comp. Is that the broader G7 rollout, DexCom ONE, some combination of those two? And I am also really curious about Germany, in particular, where I think you are going head-to-head versus the newest sensor from your competitors, just any commentary about geographic performance within that international number? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. We can absolutely answer that and its interesting, DexCom ONE and G7 really havent contributed all that much to this point. So, certainly, its an exciting future contributor and we are very, very bullish on both G7 and the opportunity in DexCom ONE. DexCom ONE really is in the bell countries and hasnt contributed all that much, and G7 was limited launch. And so what you are seeing is G7 with a more meaningful launch and DexCom ONE with a more meaningful launch in bigger countries in Q3 and beyond. So what you saw in Q2 was really a continuation of our access and going deeper into countries where we had our G Series and really it was broad-based and its a continuation of broad-based performance outside the U.S., really across all of our countries, including Germany, where we do go head-to-head with Libre 3. And so I think what you can say is that business is doing incredibly well and theres new catalysts to ultimately support it for upcoming periods. So we are very excited about that international business. And like I said, in countries where we are going up head-to-head with our competitors most recent product, we continue to do very well and take share. So very, very bullish on our opportunity going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Go ahead, Josh.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Brian [ph] here for Josh. Are you currently seeking or planning to seek CE Mark approval for the software changes you are making in the U.S., and if so, could you share the projected timeline there? Thanks for taking the question.
Jereme Sylvain: We already have the software approved for CE Mark in Europe and we do not plan immediately on implementing the changes that we are putting into the U.S. app. We will consider that over time. We will -- we have the app and the software configured to whereby we can launch the product with what we are doing in Europe to sell it and support it there. And if we feel the need to in some period of time, we can implement those changes into the other software and upgrade patients apps on the phone, but not immediately, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Go ahead, Steven.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. As you are moving G7 to full launch in the U.K., where you now also have DexCom ONE, just wondering how will those two offerings be marketed relative to each other. Should we assume that over time, they sort of merge and with G7 becoming the primary hardware there, obviously, thats going to happen in more and more countries over time. So, wondering if you could talk to your thoughts on that? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: No. I appreciate that question. We launched DexCom ONE in Europe and we are launching in the U.K. because there are many reimbursement opportunities. We have not been able to participate in. Our G Series or our G6 and G7 products are regarded as very high end sensors for intensive insulin management, integration with insulin pumps. A lot of pediatrics to share the follow and the other features that have made our products so endeared to our users. The DexCom ONE app has -- doesnt have many of those features. Its much more simple and it falls into a different reimbursement category in many of these geographies. In the UK, for example, our DexCom ONE system will literally be -- will go through the pharmacy channel for broad-based distribution and broad-based accessibility for everybody, whereas our G Series, it requires more documentation, more approval and very specific conditions. As we look at these geographies, we think we have an opportunity with DexCom ONE to sell a different product and a different system with different features that really wont step over onto our G Series that is fully integrated with other systems and offers all these other features. Ultimately, as I said on the call, we want our DexCom ONE product to be on the G7 platform as well as we simplify our operating structure over time, but that will take a little while. And so G6 for DexCom ONE platform we think will do very well and our initial user feedback has been very good. The software for DexCom ONE, I would also add, has been designed on the same platform as the G7 software. So it looks and feels a little more -- much more like G7 than it does G6. So our users will have a great experience there. As long as there are two reimbursement categories, we do not see these two products coming together from a reimbursement perspective. They might look more like physically and be on the same platform once we get G7 enough capacity to transfer to the other DexCom under that platform, but they wont be the same experience, it wont be reimbursed at the same rates.
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Go ahead, Larry.
Nathan Travis: Hi. This is Nathan on for Larry. Can you comment on what drives the margin improvement in the second half given the launch of G7 and how should we think about margins into 2023? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Let me talk about the second half and we wont get too much into 2023 specifically other than we all have -- with our long range plan is 65% and so thats the way we generally think about things. In terms of the back half of the year, typically, what happens is, as we go typical seasonality as we go through the course of the year and part of this has to do with whos ultimately purchasing the product, margins typically get better. Now that was thrown on its head a little bit and as we were launching G7. I mean we had some timing things about when that would launch and what countries that would go into. So what you are finding is, is for the first half of the year, we obviously had a few different unique items that impacted margins. What you are really finding is the run rate for our margin for the first half of the year, absent these was just below 65%. Back half of the year, we expect it to be just the opposite, just north of 65% as we hit that typical seasonality. We will have a little bit of pressure from the launch of G7 outside the U.S. However, that will clearly be offset through the G6 throughput that you ultimately see. And the reason to tick up in the back half of the year in some ways is due to with the G7 launch in a meaningful way outside -- inside the U.S. sliding into Q1 of next year, you do see that performance on that G6 platform, which continues to have nice margins play through over the course of the rest of the year. So we have a lot of confidence 65% for the year even despite all of the macroeconomic conditions.
Operator: We have no more questions at this time. I will turn it back to the speakers for closing comments.
Kevin Sayer: Well, again, thanks everybody for participating on the call. One of the great things thats happened in the second quarter has been my own ability to get out and talk and meet with people going to ADA and also some other conferences where I have spoken and I have never seen DexCom more respected and more visible than we are now. Our customer satisfaction scores, as I talked earlier, have never been higher, and thats what you hear in real life. People are absolutely thrilled with the performance of our product and the problem that we solve for them. Its never been a better time here. We have a number of DexCom ONE launches coming out over the next few quarters on top of that with G7 as well. Both presenting great revenue and growth opportunities for us and our operations are running very efficiently and smoothly. Everybody have a great day and thanks for participating on the call.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 17:30:00) =====
Operator: My name is Michele and I will be the operator for todays conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kevin Sayer. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, operator. We apologize for being a bit late today. We have had some difficulties with our conference call service provider here, but we are up and running now. And we are excited to talk about a good quarter. I am going to turn it over to Sean. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, and welcome to DexComs first quarter 2022 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexComs Chairman, President and CEO, who will summarize our recent highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, lets review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexComs annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean and thank you everyone for joining us. Today, we reported strong first quarter results with organic revenue growth of 22% over the first quarter of 2021 or 23% on a constant currency basis. Demand for DexCom CGM remains very high globally across all of our customer segments. We have also seen a nice rebound in customer growth throughout the first quarter with new customer starts ramping after the Omicron wave and ultimately meeting our expectations for the quarter. As many of you know, we have significantly scaled our business to drive demand and greatly expand the number of people with diabetes that we can serve globally. This scale goes beyond manufacturing capacity, extending to the efficiencies that we can bring as we serve customers and clinicians. Our relentless focus on meeting the needs of our customers continues to be validated in our results. In the first quarter, our net promoter scores for G6 remained near record levels, with customers also indicating that the strategies and tools that we have implemented are simplifying their experiences with DexCom. The teams have driven several innovations that may not always draw the attention of our investors, but they are critically important to the experience of our customers. For example, our customers rely on DexCom to make dozens of decisions each day and therefore, a reliable supply of DexCom CGM is critically important. In the first quarter, we established new records for on-time shipping for commercial orders and timing of replacement systems at 99.7% and 99.9% respectively. We are especially proud of this result given the challenges of current global supply chain dynamics. Product supply should never be on the minds of our customers and our operations team is making sure that this is the case. These efforts are delivering results in our performance as both retention and utilization levels have steadily improved since the launch of G6, reflecting a competitive strength as we engage with clinicians and payers on the value of our CGM systems. Building on this momentum, we are thrilled to now be underway with the initial launch of our G7 CGM system. G7 builds upon the best-in-class G6 experience with a form factor that is 60% smaller with the reduced environmental footprint, a streamlined set of experience, including a 30-minute warm-up time, an improved app experience with CLARITY integrated into the core app and all of this with accuracy that improves upon the reliable performance that is a hallmark of DexCom CGM technology. Following the receipt of CE Mark for G7 in March, we initiated our limited launch of G7 in the UK in the subsequent weeks. During this brief window, we are assessing the functionality of the sensor and app in the real world and gathering initial feedback from our users, which has been very positive so far. Our plan is to extend the G7 launch to a steady cadence of additional international markets over the remainder of 2022 with a growing impact to our overall sensor mix in the second half of the year. In the U.S., our 510(k) submission for the G7 sensor, receiver and Android and iOS apps remains under review. We are in the traditional back and forth that comes with these processes. And we appreciate the FDAs ongoing attention to their view even as they juggle a very busy schedule. In the meantime, the teams are busy preparing for a seamless transition once G7 is available. This includes preliminary discussions with payers to drive market access, where possible in advance of approval. It includes significant preparations from our operations team to add incremental G7 lines in advance of the launch to support the expected ramp in demand. And it includes ongoing work with our insulin delivery partners to ensure that we are progressing towards the goal of connected pump and insulin pen systems that are integrated with our latest sensor technology. As we progress with the launch of G7, we continue to pursue creative solutions to expand access to our CGM technology and bring the value of real-time CGM to people who previously faced limited options for diabetes management. Beyond G7, we recently introduced DexCom ONE in Spain, which is the newest of our direct markets and will launch DexCom ONE in the UK shortly. These represent the first dual product markets for DexCom, bringing two excellent options for real-time CGM to customers and their respective health systems of these countries. We expect this dual product strategy to significantly expand the number of people with reimbursed access to our CGM technology, broadening our growth opportunity in these countries as well as additional countries where we plan to bring DexCom ONE in the future. And geographic expansion is only one element of the significant growth opportunity ahead for DexCom. In the first quarter, we were also pleased to receive breakthrough device designation from the FDA for the CGM system that we are working to develop for use in the hospital setting. The breakthrough designation represents the FDAs recognition of DexComs potential to offer a more effective solution for glucose management and patient outcomes in the hospital relative to the current standard of care. This recognition is designed to expedite the regulatory pathway as we continue to build evidence for the safety and impact of DexCom CGM in the inpatient setting. As you can see, we have a busy year plan as we navigate some of the most exciting launches in DexCom history and build out the foundation of growth for years to come. The foundation for long-term growth emerges from the core values that motivate us and the noble mission that our employees embrace to drive greater health outcomes throughout the world. Along those lines, we are pleased to publish our third annual sustainability report shortly after the conclusion of the first quarter. This report demonstrates our commitment to our stakeholders and details some great progress in our reporting efforts, including the publication of our first SASB Index, which is the reporting framework we find to be most preferred among our stakeholders. We also added updates to our efforts to drive access to our CGM technology globally via a comprehensive strategy that involves product differentiation, leveraging scale and demonstrating robust clinical outcomes. And we enhanced our disclosures around the composition of our workforce, employee engagement metrics, climate-related disclosure. And we are still early in our journey and these updates provide just a glimpse of the many things that made DexCom a company that I am truly proud to lead. With that, I will turn it over to Jeremy for a review of the first quarter financials. Jeremy?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in todays earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the first quarter of 2022, we reported worldwide revenue of $629 million compared to $505 million for the first quarter of 2021, representing growth of 25% on a reported basis and 26% on a constant currency basis. Organic revenue, which excludes non-CGM revenue related to last years acquisition of our distributor in Australia and New Zealand, was 22% or 23% on a constant currency basis. U.S. revenue totaled $451 million for the first quarter compared to $381 million for the first quarter of 2021, representing growth of 18%. As Kevin mentioned, we saw a nice reacceleration of new customer starts over the course of the quarter, coinciding with improved access to healthcare providers for our sales force as the impact of Omicron waned. Our team continues to do a great job expanding the DexCom prescriber base and making sure that these clinicians are aware of the DexCom stories and the benefits of our system, leaving us well-positioned to extend new customer growth both now and well into the future. International revenue grew 43%, totaling $178 million for the first quarter. Organic revenue growth, which excludes the non-CGM revenue related to our distributor acquisition, was 33% for the first quarter. These international results include approximately $6 million of unfavorable impact from foreign currency or approximately 4% impact to our international growth result for the quarter. We continue to see very good international momentum as we broaden our commercial footprint. This includes the recently announced expansion of our DexCom ONE rollout that Kevin mentioned as well as additional access wins that have expanded our addressable market beyond the improvements that we achieved in 2021. As we mentioned earlier this year, following the successful launch of DexCom ONE late last year, we saw two of the four regions we serve to establish reimbursement starting in the first quarter. We have also secured reimbursement for DexCom ONE in Spain in conjunction with our launch this month and are hopeful to have DexCom ONE added to the UK drug tariff shortly. In Canada, we secured provincial coverage for people with Type 1 diabetes in Ontario. With this addition, DexCom has now established coverage for 7 provinces, representing greater than 93% of the Canadian population. Our first quarter gross profit was $398.1 million or 63.3% of revenue compared to 68.1% of revenue for the first quarter of 2021. Our first quarter gross margin reflects the traditional step down that we see from our fourth quarter as we see a greater mix of pharmacy revenue and less contribution from our DME customers with high deductible health plans. We also took a write-off of some obsolete G5 inventory in the quarter as Australia, previously the largest remaining G5 market in the world, as it added G6 to its CGM subsidy as of March. With this update, we are now able to fully transition the Australian market to G6, something our customers have long awaited. That impact, combined with a one-time impact related to facility damage, impacted our gross margin for the quarter by 100 basis points. Our teams are doing a good job leveraging our significant volume growth and operational efficiencies to offset the inflationary environment, allowing us to remain on track our full year margin expectations as we continue to advance our G7 launch. Operating expenses were $347.8 million for Q1 of 2022 compared to $297.5 million in Q1 of 2021. Despite ongoing investments in our commercial infrastructure, including the final quarter that includes incremental impact from our U.S. sales force expansion in 2021 as well as preparation for the G7 launch and pre-commercial G7 development costs that remained in our R&D expense, we still saw first quarter operating expenses as a percentage of sales decrease by 360 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2021. Operating income was $50.3 million or 8% of revenue in the first quarter of 2022 compared to $46.4 million or 9.2% of revenue in the same quarter of 2021, with the Q1 channel mix dynamic offsetting the operating leverage we continue to drive across the business. Adjusted EBITDA was $112.4 million or 17.9% of revenue for the first quarter compared to $94.4 million or 18.7% of revenue for the first quarter of 2021. Net income for the first quarter was $32.3 million or $0.32 per share. We remain in great financial position as we closed the first quarter, with approximately $2.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents. This gives us the flexibility to support our ongoing organic growth investments, including the scale-up of our Malaysia manufacturing facility and global commercial infrastructure, while also being opportunistic to look at strategic options that accelerate our long-term growth potential through either our ventures unit or M&A. Turning to guidance. We are pleased to be in a position to reaffirm our full year 2022 guidance for revenue and margin. This includes total revenue of between $2.82 billion and $2.94 billion, gross profit margins of approximately 65%, operating margins of approximately 16%, and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 25%. This guidance continues to factor in our strong customer growth momentum for our CGM platform, whether that is G6, DexCom ONE or G7, with approximately $15 million to $20 million of incremental currency headwinds versus our previous expectations. We are focused on meeting the complex operating environment and global inflationary pressures head on, with our teams committed to driving efficiencies and operating leverage for our shareholders. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jeremy. As you can tell, there is no shortage of exciting things underway at DexCom and we look forward to providing updates as they come throughout the course of the year. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then reenter the queue, if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] The first question in the queue comes from Jeff Johnson. Your line is open please proceed. 
Jeff Johnson: Thank you, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the call. I tend to focus on your top line, but, Jeremy, I think I want to start maybe on a gross margin question, if I could. With the gross margin down to 480 basis points, it looks like G&A was up about $16 million year-over-year. Im assuming that was largely driven by the G7 new manufacturing lines, if you could just confirm that? Obviously, you broke up the 100 basis points on the Australia write-off and the facility issue. That would still put gross margin down about 100 basis points year-over-year adjust for all those factors. Is that just some of those channel mix headwinds? Is there any other core pricing issues going on? Or what else is impacting on that other 100 basis points seems to be left over in my math? Thanks, guys.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, no problem. And I can certainly give you some of the context in terms of that impact. There is a couple of other smaller pieces of gross margin. So we will first recap. We had about 50 bps associated with the impact we had at our facility, and that will be recovered via insurance on the balance of the year. So thats certainly a temporal thing. We certainly talked about the G5 and, again, thats a temporal thing as well as we have more folks on G6, that certainly will bode well for the balance of the year on margin. The other couple of pieces in there. There were some impacts associated with one-time use sensors. These are warranty sensors. Its actually a good thing. They expired, and they expired because our warranty rates continue to come down. And so for the quarter, certainly, we had to take a charge for those. But for the balance of the year, we expect our warranties to do better. That was about 50 bps as well. So some of that is the equation youre looking at. And there was a little bit of an impact of currency as it flows through. There is about 30 or 40 basis points of currency as you push that through. The remainder of that, and this will push you above the 65% number, is associated with mix and we talked a little bit about it in the prepared remarks. As more and more of the mix in Q1 is tilted towards pharmacy and more folks go through the pharmacy, there is a little bit of pressure as you have less DME in the first quarter. We expect that to normalize over the balance of the year, and thats historically why you had that step back. As more and more goes to the pharmacy in the first quarter, you just get a little bit of a dynamic from that point of view from a gross margin perspective. But nothing pricing wise, nothing that would expect us to change the full year. In fact, thats why we reiterated the full year gross margin. We certainly expect to get there.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue is from Danielle Antalffy. Your line is open pleas proceed.
Danielle Antalffy: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question and better late the never right. So, just, Kevin, Im curious, weve done a lot of work recently on CGN and adoption beyond the Type 1 patient population. And as I say, one of the things that has been very surprising is that they are still  even with the Endo community, some holdouts on Type 2s and whether the burden of therapy offsets the benefit you get from the CGM. And I know this is a high-level question. But I guess Im just curious about what you think the right strategy is to get those people over the hump here? You have data. You have coverage for non-insulin intensive Type 2. So where to from here with these types of folks, which, Im surprised, quite frankly, exists at all, but they do, I guess.
Kevin Sayer: Well, we could take the rest of the call time, Danielle, and talk about this because its something we talk about a lot. Lets get to the starting point, and thats the evidence. The fact is over and over again. Every single time we use CGM and run a study in this patient group, people have much better outcomes than they had before. Getting the data from CGM absolutely changes peoples lives and their view of their health, and they make changes because they have feedback that gives them something exactly as to what they should do. We also need to remember that this group of patients, this Type 2 patient who is not on insulin, most of them dont see endocrinologists or people that are always in the diabetes community, they see their primary care doctors. So we have to come up with a set of tools. It will make it very easy for that position and for this whole group to engage with CGM. Lets take another look at some of the dynamics going on here. CGM, over time, the cost of CGM has come down, but the cost of these drugs has not come down. The cost of these drugs is very high. What a great way to titrate a new GLP-1 then to have somebody with a CGM to say, hey, this is helping you. This is the right dose. This isnt the correct dose. Its going to play a vital role in that space, and its going to be a very cost-effective solution for patients in that space, and its going to be cost-effective for all the payers. We need to continue to push for reimbursement. Things really dont grow until they are covered, but we have some very aggressive plans with our partners in the other programs. We have plans of our own. And quite honestly, the feedback we get from the individuals who do get coverage for this, like I said, its phenomenal. And none of them write me an e-mail or none of them say, Im doing better because Im on a new drug. They attribute their improved health to the CGM and the information that they have and the changes they have been able to make. So we remain bullish on this, but it does take time. I remember the first right along I ever did when I came here years ago, and I asked every doctor I visited, when you put a patient on CGM only after they have been on a pump for a few years because they are not serious about diabetes unless they wear a pump. We will look how thats changed. We can change the other equation too. We just need a little more time and a little more evidence.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And when we read the study, Danielle, will certainly understand the questions youre asking out there. If you were winded the results you got from that, say, 2 or 3 to 4 years ago, it would have been a much different outcome as well. And I think youre just seeing that the recognition of this technology over time moves. But we do have to move people off of preconceived notions or the questions around the advancement of technology through education and awareness. So its a continued focus there. And again, it all kind of aligns to all the work we did last year around expanding the sales force, direct-to-consumer advertising, really getting that education and awareness out there. We have to continue to do that, and that should help us over time.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question in the queue comes from Robbie Marcus. Your line is open please proceed.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe if I can ask, in the U.S. business in fourth quarter, you talked about how you had difficulty accessing primary care channel. First quarter growth in the U.S. came in a little lighter than we would have expected. Maybe just talk about trends there and then conversely talk about some of the early responder trends and feedback youre getting on G7 in Europe? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, Ill take the U.S. question, Robbie, and then Kevin can certainly cover the early feedback on G7. So in the U.S., and we talked a little bit about this as we kind of rounded out the year last year, in December  certainly, in December, we saw the impact of Omicron and that continued pretty heavily into January in terms of getting out there and getting in front of prescribers. And so as you kind of look through the quarter, the way the quarter worked out was you had a kind of a lower January. And as the quarter progressed, each month got a little bit better as things really opened up. And so what we saw was exactly that is January was a bit tough. February was better and March was even better than that. And so the momentum continues in the right way, and thats the way I think we think about it. And so it played out a little bit how we expect when we gave guidance a little bit better as were kind of coming out a little bit about the top end of at least where we thought the quarter was going to run. But that momentum youre seeing, I think, is pretty common to what weve seen and heard in the market. Its also what weve seen as weve been getting in front of these positions. In terms of the experience in the UK on the G7 launch, Kevin?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Were early on, Robbie, but the feedback has been exactly what we expected has been phenomenal. As you start with product features, size is the first thing everybody sees and even the smaller size of the applicator, lesser materials, size on the body, the half hour warm-up, people love the app being much different than what weve had before is being very well accepted and very easy to use, setup as much easier and much more friendly. So far so good with the limited launch. Everybody is very happy whos on our products so far. And we continue to gather feedback and then we will take the feedback we get and incorporate anything we hear that would be valuable into the full launch when we roll it out later this year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Jayson Bedford. Your line is open.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon and nice job on making this co-work. So my question is, typically, you commented on unit volume I dont think Ive heard that this quarter. So can you maybe, Jereme, talk about the interplay between volume growth and rev growth this quarter, both U.S. and international?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So I think you saw it play out about the same way you saw it in prior quarters. And as we kind of make that migration thats happening, our unit volume growth was in the low 40s. And so as you kind of draw that correlation to what happened last quarter, its about a similar correlation, which is about what you would have expected, right, as were going into this year of the final major migration to the pharmacy as well as annualizing some of the access wins that we got. In terms of the split, U.S., o-U.S., we really dont break it out. However, you generally know that there is price  there is channel mix and pricing in both of those. And so as you talk about the growth numbers, the unit volume numbers are generally higher than that, and its generally pretty proportionate. Thats generally where we sit today. And for the balance of the year, clearly, we have not changed on what we expect those headwinds to be. So hopefully that helps low 40% unit volume growth.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew O'Brien. Your line is open, sir.
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Here in the U.S., just to follow-up a bit more on the U.S. commentary, I think people are expecting a little bit more in Q1, understanding Omicron was a little bit of a headwind, but your 55%, 60% penetrated of Type 1s. Consumer confidence is dropping like a rock. Youre getting into some of the people that have been more hesitant to get on to CGM so far. So is there a risk that the domestic business could see a little bit more softness than expected throughout the course of this year or even into next year as those factors really kind of start to pile up? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Matt, I appreciate the question. We do not feel that way at all. With respect to the U.S. population, again, Jereme hit unit volume growth. Our unit volume growth was outstanding this quarter, and our new patient numbers, once we got past the Omicron wave early in the quarter, our new patient as were very, very strong. And we finished where we plan to finish for the quarter in general. So we did not feel that softness at all. And with respect to confidence, people have never had more confidence in our product than they have in G6 right now. As I said earlier, our customer satisfaction scores are better than they have ever been. Patients are very satisfied with DexCom. As we look at further penetration in this marketplace, there are some very significant catalysts coming as well on the Type 1 side, and theyll also be more applicable to Type 2 intensive users as well. You look at our integrated partners with Tandem and with Omnipod 5 on the horizon and then you look at a G7 product for those who arent on because we wont be integrated with those pumps immediately out of the gate, but a G7 product for our MDI patients that is a much, much better experience than what we have now. And when we have now is world-class, we dont lack for being bullish at all right now here in the U.S. We think were in a good spot.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Joanne Wuensch. Your line is open please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening and thank you for pulling this off. I ask you whats included in your guidance? Youve got DexCom ONE going out the door in different regions. Youve got G7 outside the United States and in the United States in the back half of the year, I would assume. How do you think about putting all those factors into your guidance?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. So weve got a little bit of all. So what we do generally in our guidance is we look at multiple different scenarios. And so we have DexCom ONE in various country launches, timed to different times. It helps us align where that guidance should ultimately sit. We also have a G7 launch outside the U.S. as well as in the U.S. at various times throughout the course of the year that helps us understand the impact. And we run various scenarios to make sure that under all of these scenarios, whether its G7 or G6 or DexCom ONE, that we make sure that were putting out reasonable guidance around what we can achieve. And again, we will always try to outperform it. So the way to think about it is, is there is various difference in all of them ultimately play in to kind of coming up with a guidance number we feel comfortable coming out with. And let me give you an example about that. G7 comes out great. It can be an extra catalyst, but you still have to remember G6 is an incredible product thats going to be connected to Omnipod 5, as Kevin previously referenced. So there is some catalysts there. DexCom ONE is certainly interesting. And when you win tenders, that can ultimately drive it, knowing when exactly you will win those tenders. Sometimes its hard to pick because we have various different scenarios that play in. So, a little bit of all of it is the way to think about it, and we expect to be able to hit guidance irrespective of the timing of a lot of these launches to the extent the launches fall the right way, we certainly hope to outperform.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mathew Blackman. Sir, you may proceed.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned the growing prescriber base, anything you are willing to share on the size of the prescriber base and in particular, the percent that primary care physicians comprised of that base today versus prior to the sales force expansion? Just anything to help us frame the progress of that newer call point? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So, I would say, while we havent necessarily sized it and I dont think we are ready to size it exactly today, it has grown dramatically. Like I think we have had, its doubled over the past, call it, 18 months, and it continues to grow faster. In fact, we expect it to grow another sizable portion this year as our folks call on more. In terms of the mix, it is predominantly primary care physicians at this point. When you think about the endocrinologists over  across the United States, there is about 6,600 endocrinologists across the United States, and we call on tens of thousands of prescribers. And so you can probably get a feel for how many we are calling on. The larger prescribers still in the endocrinologist community, so that still is where we spend a good chunk of our time. But at this point, due to the expansion of the sales force, we are calling on more primary care physicians than we are in endocrinologists.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Larry Biegelsen. Your line is open sir.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to focus on G7, so Kevin, I know you cant predict the FDA, but how are you feeling about having approval of G7 in the U.S. by ADA? Is it still plausible? And with the G6 launch, we saw a pretty big inflection when you launched that in the U.S. Do you think we could see something similar with G7? Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin Sayer: Larry, thanks for asking. Lets go back a little bit on G7. Remember, this is a global launch for us, not just a U.S. one. Our limited launch right now in the UK is going on. We have seen mark there. UK will be our first launch as we roll out internationally. And then we roll out to other countries after that as we go through the local approval and filing process. So, we are on track with our international plans. One of the things we have learned over the years is we really dont give dates as far as when we think things are going to be approved. And we are in our back and forth time with the FDA. We applaud them for spending as much time as they have an effort doing a busy time with us in getting this done. And we are confident, we will have a meaningful U.S. launch of G7 this year. Approval more than likely will come after ADA as knowing what we know and what we see today. And we are comfortable with that. We are also comfortable that there are no showstoppers in the things we are discussing with them. We are having a very good dialogue and look forward to that launch. As far as a bolus with G7, you are absolutely right, we do believe this is going to be a great product launch for us and will lead to more people using CGM. I think its important that everybody remember, we are in a different time now with respect to reimbursement particularly with the time it will take to get this into the pharmacy channel. So, as you start lining things up, once you have approval, you file with CMS to get reimbursement that takes some time and the pharmacy contracts take some time. So, we will launch the product and absolutely seek to get reimbursement and approval every place we can as quick as we can and even some prelaunch where we can do that. We have those efforts going on as well. So, this will roll out as quickly as we can do it. We are optimistic we will get approved, but more than likely after ADA.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Marie Thibault. Your line is open maam.
Marie Thibault: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask here on DexCom ONE as you expand that launch. I am curious who is appealing to how these early users are hearing about it? And who is telling them about how its being positioned versus the G-Series? Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I will take that. Our first users in the BELL countries, this is all an e-commerce effort. This has been an e-commerce platform with some advertising from us. But by and large, our e-commerce platform has reached these people. Thats how they have heard about it and have paid cash for this product on their own. As far as positioning right now, DexCom ONE is positioned for insulin users, but its not positioned for those who are going to integrate with another device or even share data with others. Its a simplified version of our product for that type of use. In the other countries that we rolled out, as Jereme said earlier, we are involved in the tender process. In Spain, we have reimbursement for DexCom ONE in Spain. In many of the European markets, there is a positioning of what you would call high-risk pool and then another pool of insulin using patients. We have always played very well on the high-risk pool with these patients because of our connectivity, our accuracy and our performance. And that is a higher price point within those geographies as well. With DexCom ONE, we now have access to the other patients. And again, the qualification of those patients varies tender-to-tender and country-to-country. But it gives us a much larger playing field  our playing field is going to be expanded anywhere between 80% and 90% in some of these countries where we launched DexCom ONE is a dual product. So, thats there, thats why we are doing it and thats what we believe. So, expanding into new geographies with the product, with the e-commerce platform, but also expanding our reach and making available to more people.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Travis Steed. Your line is open, please proceed.
Travis Steed: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted a little bit more color on the basal-only population and the conversations that you guys are having with payers. I am hearing more and more patients in that population getting entrance coverage. So, just kind of curious is that what you are seeing on your end as well in conversations with Medicare moving along?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So, I will start  thanks for the question, and welcome back. I will start with the CMS conversation. So certainly, we have the discussions. And thats a process that takes a little bit more time, but it is simple and thats where the significance of the basal population resides. And we are working with CMS to look at what that opportunity looks like. And so we will be making progress there over the course of the year. And as we have more and more information, we will certainly share it. In terms of the insurance coverage and the population on the commercial side, there are some insurance carriers that do cover it. Its a little sparse in between. There are some that folks kind of get access to it to it through some edits or forms around those lines around insulin use without look backs. And so there are folks that are getting access to it. However, it is very, very light penetration at this point in that space. And so  but those conversations are going. We are having the similar conversations that we talked about having with CMS. We are having those with commercial payers, and we will continue to have those over time because we have shown and certainly with our MOBILE study was an obvious game changer that people on CGM do better. And I think that the insurance companies as well as CMS are starting to see it. So, more updates to come over time as we get those coverages and we will share those, certainly those that are significant in the future.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steven Lichtman. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. I wanted to ask on the intensive Type 2 patient population in the U.S. where penetration still meaningfully trails Type 1. With the coverage efforts you have made over the past few years, are you seeing momentum pick up in this group? And whats your outlook from where penetration can go over time?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I will take that. Obviously, we are getting very good coverage in that segment. That population, again, Medicare covers that, and that is really our fastest-growing patient segment right now. We are doing very well in these Type 2 patients. Hence, the reason for expansion of the sales force and calling on more primary care physicians. As far as penetration in that population, their needs for CGM data are equal to those in our Type 1 population, and we believe not only is CGM going to be successful there, but we will be successful there with our pump partners as well through our integrated systems. So, I  many years ago, I have said 80% penetration for CGM in the Type 1 world and even people from our own company kind of gave me a funny look. I dont see that as being a problem over time. If you are going to be intensively using insulin, there is no reason to not treat yourself with CGM. It is just a much better tool. So, I believe that penetration get every bit as high as the Type 1 population without any question.
Operator: Thank you. And then the last question in the queue comes from Margaret Kaczor. Your line is open now.
Margaret Kaczor: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to focus on completely different opportunity that we havent talked too much about, but you guys mentioned in the prepared remarks. You have a lot of data that you have gathered in the hospital for inpatient use of CGM during COVID. You have breakthrough status. So, maybe could you just talk to us about whats the next steps in that market clearly a meaningful opportunity for you, but maybe some market education, some market development work that needs to be done? So, what are you guys focused on this year? And what should we look out for progress there? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you for the question. This is definitely a passion of mine going way back to my early days in diabetes therapy back in 90s. One of the things we have done this year, we have hired a General Manager for our hospital business, a very experienced executive who spent a lot of time here, and we are starting to build a full team around him in that organization. We are running clinical studies right now to show how the product performs in the hospital environment. And we have had numerous discussions with the FDA. I think for us the key here is to get the sensing technology and the performance of the sensor validated and verified that it will be approved and usable in that environment. And the feedback we have gotten certainly during the pandemic has been very, very positive for those facilities that did use CGM. Once we do that and validate the product performance just from a technical perspective, then it becomes a question of what does that product look like, what does it connect to and what is the distribution channel and business model look like. And thats why we have an experienced GM in the team built out here. We know how much better things work in a hospital if you have continuous data. I have had several experiences where people have told me about having their fingers stuck every 30 minutes without diabetes in a post-surgical order in an ICU, and it drives them crazy when they know they could be on CGM. As you look at the number of hospitalizations and the number of people hospitalized with diabetes and cardiovascular awards, in particular, the CGM opportunity here is vast. The questions we need to answer, business model, product configuration, ease of use, outcomes, all those things. And we have a great team that can put that data together for us. So, we are very optimistic and bullish about it over time. I do appreciate the question. Hopefully, we will have you some more information over the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. We have one question in the queue from Frank Pinal. Your line is open sir.
Frank Pinal: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question and squeezing me in here. Just one on FX really quickly. Seeing a few companies at this point raised their forward FX headwind expectations for the next two quarters to three quarters, and I am wondering to what degree is that  are you baking in FX? Whats in there now? Could we see that challenge to lower in the guide? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Thanks for the question, Frank. And I think you will see it in our prepared remarks, we do expect $15 million to $20 million of FX headwinds, but we kept our guide the same. And so the way to think about it is we think we can grow through that in the current period. And so as you do the math for the full year, if you include the impact, the incremental impacts of headwind versus a 15% to 20% guide, its a 16% to 21% guide. So, that should give you some comfort that, yes, there are headwinds associated with currency. Yes, we do believe we can grow through it. And so a currency-adjusted growth rate certainly would reflect that. So, call it $15 million to $20 million on the year, but it doesnt change our full year guide.
Operator: And sir, we have no further questions in the queue. Do you have any closing remarks?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I absolutely do. We appreciate all of you for hanging with us today. Obviously, to say things have been a little hectic here would be an understatement. But as always, we get through it. I just  if you look at this quarter, again, $110 million in organic growth, volume increases in the low-40%, great new patient numbers post the Omicron care. DexCom ONE launched in Spain, launch announced in the UK. CE Mark for G7, limited launch for G7 in the UK, continued G7 progress in the U.S., continued scale in our business, positive momentum on the operating leverage side. There is not a whole lot more we could do. Times cannot be better and more hectic they are at DexCom right now. We appreciate everybodys support and all the fine people who make this possible. Thanks everybody and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of our fourth quarter and full year highlights and ongoing strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions]  Please note that there are also slides available related to our fourth quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement.  Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, expectations and assumptions about future events, strategies, competition, product, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results.  Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our fourth quarter and full year earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I want to take time at the start to highlight some of DexCom's key accomplishments in 2021 that reflect our progress relative to the priorities that we established at the start of the year and our long-term goals.  Total revenue grew 26% on an organic basis over the prior year, with rising CGM awareness and DexCom brand loyalty, leading to another year of record new patient additions. This translates to nearly $500 million of organic growth for the year, leading us to exceed the midpoint of our original guidance for the year by more than $160 million. We laid the foundation for significant expansion of our addressable markets in the future with differentiated product solutions and clinical evidence.  In June, we presented results from the MOBILE randomized controlled trial for people with type 2 diabetes being managed with basal insulin. The results were clear. DexCom CGM can do significantly more to help these people manage diabetes. And with this conclusion being validated in the Journal of the American Medical Association as well as in the recently updated ADA standards of care, we are hopeful that we can bring access to our technology for the estimated 3 million people on basal insulin therapy in the U.S. and many more outside the U.S.  Alongside the MOBILE clinical evidence, we drove several updates to our product portfolio to broaden the ways that customers can engage with our technology. We've consistently spoken about our investments in software and data infrastructure as a significant competitive advantage. In the third quarter, we received 2 key FDA clearances for DexCom software tools that reflect this commitment and strength.  Our real-time API allows us to directly integrate Dexcom CGM data in real time to the displays of approved third-party apps. And our app in-app solution creates an FDA-cleared DexCom app experience that can be integrated directly with the app of a DexCom partner. Both of these creative solutions have already been rolled out with DexCom Partners, and we believe they position us well to provide extensive options for our customers, partners and potential partners as CGM use continues to expand into new populations.  We again strengthened our product portfolio through differentiated software with the CE Mark and launch of our DexCom 1 product in the fourth quarter of 2021. In a relatively short period since launch, we've already seen strong adoption in both type 1 and type 2 customers, and the health systems in 2 of our 4 launch countries established reimbursement. With the focus on ease of use and affordable price point, we believe DexCom 1 will be a significant part of our story as we look to extend CGM access globally.  Perhaps most importantly, in 2021, we completed the pivotal trials in support of our next-generation G7 system and submitted the results for both CE Mark and FDA clearance. As many of you recently saw in our January presentation and will soon see in a publication, the performance of the G7 system is outstanding, achieving performance levels relative to the FDA's iCGM special controls.  Even with customers on our G6 system expressing record Net Promoter Scores at the end of 2021, we are incredibly excited for them to experience G7. We believe that we are very close to receiving CE Mark and navigating the final stages of that review. In the meantime, our teams continue to work to prepare the manufacturing scale-up and commercial efforts in anticipation of G7 launches throughout the year as well as launches with some of our partners on their upcoming connected insulin delivery devices.  On that front, we were excited to see the news of the FDA's recent clearance of Insulet's Omnipod 5, the first tubeless automated insulin delivery pump. With this clearance for Insulet and the ongoing success of Control-IQ for tandem Diabetes, we believe that we are enabling automated insulin delivery for the best tubeless pump on the market and the best tethered pump. The outcomes that customers are seeing with these DexCom integrated systems are outstanding, and we are proud that our commitment to connectivity is helping advance the market and enhance the quality of life for our customers.  These accomplishments align with the strategic priorities that we established at the start of last year, showing the resilience and execution of the DexCom teams in a challenging environment. And these accomplishments are not merely 2021 events, but they are the foundation that we will continue to build on as we press forward in 2022 and beyond. Many of you likely saw the recent update to the IDF estimates for global diabetes prevalence and cost. There are now greater than 500 million adults with diabetes globally, and cost to treat the disease alone are estimated to be approximately $1 trillion per year.  In addition, the CDC now estimate that 38% of adults in America or 96 million people have prediabetes. There is a real opportunity here for DexCom to do something great to address this epidemic and power diabetes management and down the road even workboards diabetes prevention and better health outcomes broadly. The future for DexCom is bright.  With that, I will turn it over to Jereme for a review of the fourth quarter financials and discussion of the 2022 outlook. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website.  In line with our January pre-announcement, we reported worldwide revenue of $698 million for the fourth quarter compared to $569 million for the fourth quarter of 2020, representing growth of 23% on both a reported and constant currency basis and 20% on an organic basis.  The organic revenue excludes non-CGM revenue that we generated in the fourth quarter following our acquisition of our distributor in Australia and New Zealand. U.S. revenue totaled $517 million in the fourth quarter compared to $451 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, representing growth of 15%.  Unit volume growth, which is a general representation for the growth of our user base, remained in the high 30% range compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, and we continue to see the strength in our strategic shift to the pharmacy channel. Our teams continue to work very hard to broaden our prescriber base and take advantage of the significant reimbursement access that we have driven in the past 2 years in both the U.S. and international markets.  The uptick in COVID cases has created some challenges for us in the fourth quarter and into the early first quarter, but it is a credit to the resilience of our field team and the strength of the category that global new customers remain near record levels in the fourth quarter.  Our international business executed very well in the fourth quarter, with revenue growing 54%, totaling $181 million. Excluding non-CGM revenue that resulted from our 2021 distributor acquisition, international growth was 41% in the fourth quarter. The international result reflected broad-based strength, including record results in all of our direct markets.  This growth continues to validate the strategic moves that we made over the course of 2021, most notably the progress that we made to broaden access to our technology through advocacy, flexibility gained from operating efficiencies and a differentiated product portfolio. We look forward to extending this momentum now as we progress into 2022.  Our fourth quarter gross profit was $472.6 million or 67.7% of revenue compared to 70.2% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020. The fourth quarter gross margin was slightly above our expectations as certain costs related to the G7 scale-up and commercial preparation remain in our R&D costs until we receive CE Mark. We made excellent progress to drive efficiencies across our product design, procurement, manufacturing and logistics functions leading to a full year 2021 gross margin that finished 360 basis points above our original 2021 guidance.  Operating expenses were $373.6 million for Q4 2021 compared to $294.7 million in Q4 2020. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue relative to the fourth quarter of 2020 was primarily a result of development and operational costs incurred in preparation for the launch of G7 as well as investments to support our global commercialization efforts.  Operating income was $99 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $104.4 million in the same quarter of 2020. As a reminder, when we provided the outlook for 2021, we determined it was in the best interest to make investments in the business continue to fuel CGM growth and awareness.  As we wrap the year, we are proud to report that we outpaced our initial 2021 operating margin guidance by more than 200 basis points, all of which came despite significant investments to solidify our software advantages, advance the G7 clinical, regulatory and manufacturing programs, significantly expand our global sales force presence and significant efforts to build brand awareness. And we are committed to driving further leverage in the years to come as we strike the right balance between investing to maximize our growth opportunity and turning that opportunity into cash flow generation for the business and our stakeholders.  Adjusted EBITDA was $154.5 million or 22.1% of revenue for the fourth quarter compared to $159.2 million or 28% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2020. Net income for the fourth quarter was $69 million or $0.68 per share. As many of you also saw in our press release and our GAAP reconciliations, we also recognized an $87 million expense associated with contingent milestone under the 2018 collaboration and license agreement with Verily Life Sciences. Terms of our amended contract with Verily are available in the SEC filings that were originally published in November 2018 and updated in November 2021.  We closed the quarter with greater than $2.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents. We have demonstrated the ability to generate positive cash flow. And going forward, we remain in a very flexible position to continue to advance strategic initiatives and opportunities. Most notably, we will continue our development of our manufacturing facility in Malaysia as we expect to have that facility validated for production by the end of 2022.  Turning to 2022 guidance. As we stated last month, we anticipate full year total revenues of $2.82 billion to $2.94 billion, representing growth of 15% to 20%. Given the success of our strategic transition to the pharmacy channel over the past 3 years, we anticipate that 2022 will be the final year where we see a significant shift of our existing base from the durable medical equipment channel to pharmacy.  With this ongoing shift as well as the majority of our new customers now coming through the pharmacy channel in the U.S., our expectations for customer growth in 2022 are again higher than our revenue growth rate, continuing to reflect the large end markets we serve and the growing demand for DexCom CGM worldwide. We have several scenarios built in conjunction with our plan G7 launches. And factoring in the respective regulatory approvals and competitive environment, we will provide updates as the year progresses.  Turning to margins. We are establishing the following guidance for 2022. We expect gross profit margins of approximately 65% for the year, in line with the expectation that we established for our 2025 long-range plan. The slight step back relative to our 2021 results is primarily related to the launch of our G7 system during the year as we begin production at lower volumes and gradually scale in conjunction with our launches.  Despite that step back in gross margin, we expect to offset that impact completely with approximately 400 basis points of operating expense leverage. We anticipate our operating margins of 2022 of approximately 16%. This factors in the ongoing investments that are driving significant returns for DexCom and setting us up for sustainable growth, including our DTC marketing efforts and investments in our product portfolio pipeline. We are making these investments with the discipline throughout the organization, driving towards the margin expansion that we've established in our long-range plan.  Finally, we expect adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 25% in 2022.  With that, I will turn the call back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Jereme. To summarize, we set out in 2021 with a few key goals in mind: to complete the clinical and regulatory process for G7 and prepare for significant launches, to validate health and economic outcomes for DexCom CGM beyond the intent of insulin using population, to broaden access to DexCom CGM globally through evidence, advocacy and leveraging our growing scale and efficiency and to strengthen our product portfolio for future growth through differentiated software capabilities. Our progress on all these initiatives contributed to a great 2021 and have us looking forward to a big year ahead in 2022.  I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Sandler.
Matthew O'Brien: I do have -- it's a G7 question has 2 parts, but they're kind of interwoven. So for starters, Kevin, just talk about the data and the importance of the data when you commercialize G7 versus just like a -- and how much is the price of it? And then the second part of it is on the gross margin side, it's a big step back that we're seeing, it looks like it's entirely because of G7. So what are you anticipating as far as the impact from the G7 rollout? Like what does that say for the timing in Europe, specifically for a month or 2 months, and then the time of approval here at the state?
Kevin Sayer: There's many parts to your 2-part question. I'll deal with some of them, and then I'll give them to Jereme, Matt, but thanks. Let me talk about the data first. DexCom has long built its legacy on having the best product in the market with respect to performance and a product that everybody can rely on. And time and time again, we've launched products where we published great clinical performance and real life experience always ends up better than what we published.  I've been looking at glucose sensors since the mid-'90s. This data is better than anything I've ever seen. And I think from a marketing perspective and from a customer experience perspective, it's absolutely critical that we remain top of the industry. And this data puts us in there and it demonstrates really the thought and effort that's gone into this product.  Let's not forget, we've changed pretty much everything. There's a new algorithm, new hardware, new electronics, new app you name it, new receiver, everything in here is different than what we've had before. So this has been a monumental effort that's taken a lot of time and to be able to produce this type of clinical results we think just show the diligence of the effort.  And with respect to approvals, we think it's also very important that we not leave room for error or room for doubt with the data that we submitted, which is exactly what we've done when you look at the size of that study. And of 39,000-some matched pairs, there's really no room for doubt that this product is ready for prime time from a performance perspective.  On the approval time lines, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're down to the last steps for CE Mark literally procedural type discussions with documentation that will take place in the near term. We're very confident that we'll get CE Mark very soon, and then we will start our wanted launch in Europe and then roll out to the full launch after that. We've had initial dialogue with the FDA and our submission. And so far, those discussions go well. We currently are not anticipating a delay, but we don't control that any more than we controlled the CE Mark delays either that we've just experienced. By providing great clinical data, though, that certainly takes a large element out of the process. I couldn't be more excited about G7 though, Matt. I'll kick it over to Jereme for the financial ramifications.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So it's a good question on the margins. We exited 2021 north of 68% with our G6, right? So we are certainly seeing G6 firing on all cylinders from an efficiency perspective. And so your question is, well, how does the sequencing and timing of G7 work? How does that impact the margin in relation to the timing throughout the course of the year? And it's a little bit of an insulation.  So if it rolls out a little bit slower, certainly, the cost to produce G7 are higher, but that means we're ultimately selling more G6. And so you have this little bit of this transition, where as you think about it from a multitude of different scenarios, it really zones back in on the 65% margin, and that's the reason why we feel comfortable with the guidance there.  I'll give you the opposite scenario of G7 is able to come out a little bit faster. The regulatory approval happens quicker. Certainly, we'll be selling more of it, and we'll be able to leverage the fixed cost infrastructure and certainly improve yields. And so you ultimately get to that end goal a little bit quicker. So I think under both scenarios, whether regulatory approval and launches sooner or later, I think that 65% gross margin really speaks to the entirety of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB Leerink.
Danielle Antalffy: Kevin and Jereme, my question is around how to think about Q1 and potential COVID impact that you're seeing thus far? And also kind of if you could opine on what you have factored in?
Kevin Sayer: Jereme, go ahead.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes, I'll take that one. Yes. Sorry about that. We cut a little bit in and out there, but I think I got the question, which is how we thought about it. And I'd say for the full year guidance, we have factored in the impact of COVID and how that would impact us. Now we did talk a little bit about it on the call. And I think you saw this really across, especially in the United States, really where Omicron was pretty strong throughout the course of January, and we see it starting to dissipate here in February.  So we will see that as car ability to get in front of primary care physicians and access new patients, but it's not a question of if, it's more a question of when. And so that was all contemplated in the guidance. And as we think about the full year, there's a lot of other things that we think are certainly interesting but it's as we think about certainly Dexcom 1 and the launch, as Kevin referred to of G7 with the incredible data.  So we've really contemplated all of those in the guidance. But certainly, we know that as we exited January, certainly, there were some primary care physicians that were closed outside participants, but we are starting to see some of that though as we move to February.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'd even add to that. I actually got out in the field here earlier this week, and I heard from the rep and the teams out there that they've not had the access they wanted here in the first quarter, but it is starting to open up a little bit. Time will tell.
Operator: And your next question comes to Jeff Johnson from Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: Kevin, now that you've got the MOBILE data published and the ADA standards has been published and updated, how should we think about maybe the pathway to U.S. coverage for non-intensive basal only just at the CMS level and maybe expanding commercial encouraging? Could you just remind us ballpark how many commercial payers right now or in some form or another reimburse basal-only or non-intensive T2?
Kevin Sayer: There is some limited reimbursement for basal only and some nonintensive type 2s, but it's not a very big number, Jeff, it's kind of on a half-hazard basis. And it's not something that -- actually, we sell to or market to because they're just not that much of it out there. The pathway for approval will be similar to what we've done in the past. Given this mobile data, we're certainly presenting this on the commercial side and working to get couch at various payers. And hopefully, some of those will drop over the course of the year.  On the CMS side, now that we have really good data, we have a good CMS plan to work with and go with them, make them more aware. Unless we forget, we did lead the charge for Medicare approval for CGM in general as a company here. So we have experience on this front, and we'll continue to push it. But it takes time, and there's always variables. In all fairness, I was completely wrong on Medicare approval before. It was approved 18 months earlier than I said I was going to come. So when I made a commitment there. So I'm rather having to make any commitments on that front. We're just going to keep pushing.  The most important thing, though, is the outcomes are there. I got a note from a patient not long ago, who is a type 2 patient in this category. And while the patient got put on a new drug, she attribute her 4 month A1C drop in 6 months to being out of DexCom, not to new drug because he knew what her glucose values were, and we've seen this time and time again. And we're very confident this is how this plays out over time.
Operator: And your next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: Great. I wanted to see if you could speak to the commercial launch strategy here. It sounds like you're spending a lot in fourth quarter and 2022 ahead of G7. You have Omnipod 5 launching. You also have Medtronic in a tight spot with the warning letter with a lot of patients potentially moving over to partner therapies here. So maybe just talk to us about the strategy, how you're going to be spending your DTC dollars, how we should think about those ramping up? And what the competitive message from your reps will be this year?
Kevin Sayer: Well, our competitive message from our reps is going to be the same it's always been, we're the best. And you're right, Robbie, we have a tremendous opportunity on the integrated system front with our partners to go grab as many of these users as we possibly can, and we are in talks with both Tandem and Insulet to let's go Sunshine can get as many as we possibly can as those individuals rotate off warranty and have an opportunity to get into a new system.  I think it speaks to our connectivity strategy and partnering with others now we have 2 options. And we know a big driving factor for both those partners, the fact that they pair with the best product on the marketplace. So we will aggressively work with our partners on that front and make sure we have a joint message together.  With respect to our own DC undrawn direct-to-consumer marketing, we have specific messages literally down to the geography standpoint, where in some states, we target Medicare patients more than others. In other states, we target pediatrics and others. And then we analyze the effectiveness of those adds, the return on those investments and then adjust from there. I think 2022, we're in an interesting year because we're going through a product launch. That really isn't going to affect our behavior.  We have to get more users on the 6 systems as we go. And then some of those ads will ultimately shift over to G7. But we're not going to slow down, and we're not going to create anticipation. We'll market what we have and sell what we have. And then as time comes, we'll pull the switch and go over.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS.
Matthew Taylor: So I just wanted to ask you more about the dynamics of DexCom 1, and we're hearing about Libre 3 being rolled out more broadly. Are you seeing anything different on the competitive front? And maybe talk about how you're going more head-to-head with Dexcom? I'd love you to just flush out those dynamics and the opportunities it's creating for you now that you didn't have before?
Kevin Sayer: Well, again, let's remind everybody our original DexCom 1 launch is for relatively small countries. The results have been very good. We've launched it as only an e-commerce platform, and 2 of the 4 countries have now put the standards in place to reimburse for it because of these and the acceptance of that product and the price point.  So Dexcom 1 does give us an opportunity, first of all, to expand in new geographies where there may not be reimbursement, where the path to reimbursement would be difficult, and there's a lot of integrated systems. We look forward to that as a geographical expander, where we don't have infrastructure.  The other opportunity we have with Dexcom 1 in all honesty is looking at a possible 2-product strategy in some geographies where we believe we can support our G-Series for those in tens of insulin users, particularly those who are on partner systems and integrated systems and those who need all the share and follow function, pediatrics in particular, and there's another population that may not need all those features. And in those geographies, we believe DexCom 1 is an excellent product offering that could round out our portfolio very nicely.  As far as Libre 3 rolling out, we haven't seen that much of it so far. I know there's been a lot of announcements, that was approved several years ago. So we'll see how that rollout goes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Just one for me on G7 and the OUS launch. Kevin, I heard you say initially, it will be a limited launch. What does that look like? How many markets? How long is the limited launch? And how should we think about the ramp of G7 once it is approved?
Kevin Sayer: Our limited launch will be a relatively short period of time and really focus on one geography primarily. And after that, we'll then roll it out to really the larger markets, the larger, more reimbursed markets and the larger markets where we can get reimbursement very quickly and then go down to the smaller ones. So we, again, have the geographies divided up in tiers. Tier 1 countries, Tier 2 and Tier 3 and along those lines. And that will roll out over the course of 2022, certainly to the larger markets then the other geographies will come after that.
Operator: And your next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: I just want to double check 2 things. I want to make sure I saw either at the earlier presentation in January today. Your patient volumes in the United States were up 30%. Is there a similar number you can share outside the United States?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So what we had mentioned is in the U.S., they were in the high 30s and globally, they were also in the high 30s. And so that's the 2 numbers. So we gave you the global one, certainly in early January. And then today, we mentioned the U.S. was also in the high 30s as well.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. And could you remind us what your view is on pricing headwinds for this year and if and/or they roll into next year?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So this year, our pricing headwinds, we had talked about is really what we call channel mix was really around $250 million, $200 million in the U.S. and about $50 million outside the U.S. We came in a little bit light of that this year, but generally in line with that. And we expect similar type mix headwinds into 2022 and then dissipating significantly as we move into 2023.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: I wanted to ask about the U.S. business in the fourth quarter. It's been about a month since you last updated investors. You mentioned COVID a couple of times on the call. But is there anything else you could share with us with respect to kind of U.S. growth, which was obviously a bit slower than the prior 3 quarters?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Jason. Appreciate the call. So what we saw from a growth perspective is about 15%. It was a little bit slower from a growth revenue dollars perspective. Now we did see unit volumes in the high 30%, which indicates that the underlying patient base continues to be strong.  I think the one thing that we did see, and I think you referenced it earlier in your question, was didn't hit our new patient targets. It was still -- we still had near a record new patient add. And so it was still a solid addition, and we're still very happy -- but we did have some challenges getting into the primary care physician offices. And Kevin alluded to it earlier. He was out in the field. And when Omicron was really running at a tight, a lot of those offices were really not seeing outside visitors. And so that creates a little bit of a challenge as you're ultimately getting to know these physicians and getting them to ultimately understand how to use the product. That was the predominant driver of what you saw in the Q4.  And in our early calls when we kind of released early numbers, we have mentioned that, and we've confirmed that over the next -- over the past few weeks is that was predominantly the driver. And As we -- as Omicron dissipates and we're able to get back in front of these primary care physicians, we remain bullish that folks will ultimately adopt the technology similar to what you've seen prior to that. But that was really the predominant driver, nothing really beyond that.
Kevin Sayer: And the only thing I'd add to that, Jason, again, these volume numbers still remain very high. So again, as channel mix shifts, the growth rate is lower than the volume numbers. Add to that the fact that our NPS scores are higher than they've ever been. So patients are very happy and satisfied with the DexCom experience, which leads to them staying on the system and also being on the system more time. So as you look at revenue factors going forward, 2 of the biggest ones are patient retention, utilization, and we're doing very well on that front. And so that pretty much sums it up.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel.
Mathew Blackman: I've got one for Jereme on the operating leverage you're guiding to in '22. How should we think about where that leverage manifests in the P&L? Is it disproportionate to the SG&A side because you're scaling into those large sales force addition? Or is it skewed to R&D because G7 costs are rolling off? Just any help on how to think about the moving parts there?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. No, it's a fair question. And it's split about 50-50. I think what you're going to see is you're going to see us leveraging mostly the G&A line and the SG&A line. We'll continue to make sure that we're allocating funds to sales and marketing, but you're going to see us leveraging the G&A line and continuing to do so. And then you will see some of the falloff on some of the R&D side as we leverage R&D. And as we post G7 launch, we don't have to incur as many costs associated with a launch establishment. So think about it 50-50 across both of those and G&A, not S&M and R&D.
Operator: And your next question comes from Marie Thibault from BTIG.
Marie Thibault: I wanted to ask a question about the sales force progress. I think it was about a year ago that you doubled the sales force. And obviously, outside of the Omicron challenges here more recently, I would like to hear how their progress has been and what else might be needed at this point?
Kevin Sayer: We're really happy with the efforts of the sales team. And again, I got out in the field for the first time this week and just had a couple of meetings with some regional teams. I'm very impressed with the quality of the people we were able to bring on. DexCom is a name here in the U.S. has 1 that attracted great candidates. And literally, there were thousands of people that applied for these jobs. We very much had our pick of the cream of the crop.  They're all getting very much up to speed. I'm very also impressed with the diversity of the group with respect to experiences. And what we've learned is they brought from their companies. You have some from pharma, some from devices, some from diabetes, some of who used to be clinicians. So you have a very different team with very good ideas to go about this. We're confident the team is making very good progress. We missed the opportunity in all fairness to have them all together, and I am in particular, to get to know more of them.  The growth in new patient starts has not been linear with the expansion of the sales force. But as we get down into these other markets, we can't expect it to be the same because they don't see as many of the people with diabetes is in our traditional endocrinology market. But we're happy with the growth that they've achieved. We have very ambitious targets for next year. What might be needed in the future is something we debate a great deal internally. We're happy with what we have now, and let's let this play out for a while longer before we make any changes. I don't see anything changing right now. If anything, again, this is all about awareness on our side.  And if what we need to generate more awareness has more feet on the street, that's the direction we would go. For right now, we don't feel that way, but we may in the future. So we'll see. We're never adverse to trying pilot programs in specific geographies to see if another option come work and we will do that all throughout 2022. And if something sticks, we'll move in that direction.
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim.
Christopher Pasquale: I wanted to follow up on the factors impacting 4Q and what lessons we should take from that as we look at 1Q? So you said COVID was the main headwind, but your channel mix has also changed a lot over the past couple of years. Do you think that's resulting in less seasonality than you used to see in the year-end? And then the corollary to that would be, should we expect the typical step down in 1Q could it be more muted because of that reduced seasonality? Or did was COVID more of a factor in January than it was in December? Can you just help us sort of balance those different factors?
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. No, I'm happy to walk through it. So you are correct. As time moves on, the move of the commercial business certainly more and more to pharmacy then DME should give us more of a situation where Q1 and Q4 are less pronounced. And so you are 100% correct there. And over the longer haul, that's where we expect to go.  In terms of seasonality for this quarter, we do expect it to be relatively similar to last year. And again, that's just more of us trying to navigate through, one, that migration; two, the Omicron variant this year was certainly more than we saw in January of last year. And so we're really comparing year-over-year. And so I think it's fair to say that. So we would expect that those 2 things really offset each other. So you see a little bit of a seasonality in this of 2022 similar to that you've seen in the past.  Longer term, you are correct, and we will expect absent all macro factors that ultimately impact people's ability for movement and seeing physicians, et cetera, it will migrate to more of that situation. But we'll keep you posted as years get forward about that seasonality. For now, that's our expectation.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair.
Brandon Vazquez: This is Brandon on for Margaret. I just wanted to ask you a question on the type 2 basal population and maybe some of the nonintensive patients. I can appreciate you guys are still early there, but you're pretty far in with the MOBILE data. So maybe you've talked to some -- gone out in the field and talk to some endos or some other physician. And maybe you have a few patients already on DexCom that are using. And so I'm curious what early feedback you're getting from those less intensive type 2 patients in terms of either utilization, pricing or demand? Anything that kind of early there that we can read through that what the commercialization might look like going forward?
Kevin Sayer: Well, I'll start with basal insulin because the ADA and their recent guidelines came out and recommended CGM continuous use for people on basal insulin, which is a far departure from where we were in the past. This is very encouraging for us because the -- the fact that this group has now recommended that is a for us going forward. And as far as that population utilization in our MOBILE study and even in the other things that we've heard, they have no problem here in CGM all the time.  For nonintensive patients, we've had our program with Level 2 at United Healthcare. We've had other programs with Intermountain Health, Onduo, Welldoc a number of them. and the results remain the same over and over again. Patients on CGM do better than those who are not. And the information provided by CGM enables them to make the proper changes to have better overall health very much like I said in my prepared remarks earlier. We see A1Cs go down because people know what the consequences of their meds, of their exercise, of their diets, of sleep of all these factors has on their overall health.  With respect to the pricing and the business model, we've often said we are solving a different problem when we're going after type 2 less intensive diabetes. And we, therefore, think the pricing model will be different than the current product that we have. And we are working on what that optimal solution is right now, and you'll hear more from us on that front over the course of 2022.
Operator: And the next question comes from Cecilia Furlong from Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: I wanted to ask on DexCom 1 again. Just how you're thinking about further geographic expansion in 2022 as well as expectations for relative contributions to the patient volumes, OUS in 2022? And where you think this can go over the longer term?
Kevin Sayer: I'll start, and Jereme can maybe have some more specific numbers after I'm done if he's got any. Again, as I said earlier, there are 2 great uses for DexCom 1. The first one is those geographies where we're not and where we don't have infrastructure or a distribution arrangement with a distributor or another distribution partner lined up. We can drop an e-commerce platform in there and have cash pay payments patients, and we can get them on the system and we can go.  Our results in our 4 initial countries have been outstanding. And so we'll have other new geographies up over the course of the year like that. They will not have major contributions to our revenue, but they do expand our footprint and do position us ultimately to get reimbursement in those countries. Again, as we've seen in the first 4 where we launched it, we now have reimbursement and process for 2 of those.  The other opportunity for DexCom 1 is in many of the major established markets, particularly OUS. We have an opportunity with DexCom 1 to implement a dual-product strategy. Our G-Series does a lot more than our DexCom 1 product with connectivity, Sharon follow, the predictive alerts and all the other things that we have in that system, we believe it merits a different price point. Again, it solves a different problem. It's a different use case.  We will very opportunistically pick geographies where we could launch DexCom 1 and augment our business in those geographies, again, adding more patient volume and more revenue to the process. As far as giving you numbers or plans, I'm not going to give you all of that. That's on the strategy side and something for us not to unwind to the world. But suffice it to say, those plans are in progress. I don't know, Jereme, if you have anything to add?
Jereme Sylvain: I think the safe bet is just to assume multiple country entries with DexCom 1. And we'll get you a little bit more color once we're into those countries, hold those back for a strategic purpose.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord.
Kyle Rose: So a lot has been asked, but I think I'd like to just touch on the longer-term product pipeline. And I mean, look, I realize you haven't launched G7 yet. So it's you're probably not going to be thrilled with me asking about what's next. But with G7 launching over the course of the next 12 to 18 months globally, you've got DexCom 1 scaling as well, what should investors expect from a product development and a product launch perspective? Is it -- is it combination products? Is there different analytes that you're going to be testing for? Just trying to really understand what the medium- to longer-term your hardware type of product pipeline looks like here?
Kevin Sayer: I love what's next question, but these guys are cut me off after 15 minutes, so I'd have to stop. First of all, let's look at G7 and everything that's changed. We have plans in place to modify and make everything with G7 better already. We have, for example, a major cost initiative to reduce our manufacturing costs even where they are. You can expect us to be very diligent in efforts to get that up to a 15-day life from a product perspective because that certainly has a big impact on our P&L.  We have, for example, alternative electronic structures, all those types of things going on. We've never stopped improving our sensor technology. So all of these things, we continue to work on our core business. At some point in time, there may be some diminishing returns, particularly given the accuracy of the data on the current system. So we balance that. But a lot of these efforts, again, we focus on our product development, performance, patient experience, our customer satisfaction and cost. And we look at all those buckets, I can tell you there will be a lot of software initiatives here going forward with the G7 platform.  We believe with DexCom 1, we've merely scratched the surface of our ability to differentiate products through different software experiences, again, creating different business models and expanding our reach.  With respect to their analytes, we continue to study that. We've studied that for quite some time. What we have to determine is what are real commercial markets for us? And in all fairness, we haven't found anything that compares to glucose yet. And we have a lot of things then we need to conquer on the glucose side. But we do have studies going on for some of the other analytes that you certainly be familiar with that you've heard others talk about. It just becomes a question I've asked for when and do we have the right platform and what changes we need to make it to it to get there. So there are numerous things in the pipeline. Don't ever think we've stopped here. It's going.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Litchman from Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: Kevin, maybe building on that, you talked today about the steps you're taking now on basal only with the MOBILE data and ADA recommendations in hand. Last ATD, we saw some positive data on non-insulin type 2. What are the next steps here in 2022 in terms of going after that opportunity and even prediabetes?
Kevin Sayer: It is part of our strategy, and we build our pillar around 4 -- we call it the 4 piece here. You've got the physicians, you've got programs, you've got all the clinics who do this, and you got the patients themselves. And we're attacking on all 4 fronts with these programs. We've had positive data from Level 2. We have other companies. We know we'll be reporting positive data in the near term and using this product on type 2 patients who are not on insulin and the outcomes remain strong. We're going to attack it on all 4 fronts.  We believe the experience for these customers. Again, there's going to be a different experience than those who are intensively using insulin. And it's an opportunity for us to use our software capabilities to design a different experience for them that will keep them engaged. The key to any technology as far as providing a good outcome is engagement. And one of the things we've been very successful at, if you look at all of our studies, where we have these incredible outcomes, the users of our systems remain tremendously engaged, and we are trying to build a type 2 solution around that level of engagement, and that's why we're taking some time as we look at this product opportunity. So you'll see us attack on all fronts. I don't know, Jereme, if you have anything to add to that, you're welcome to?
Jereme Sylvain: No, I think one of the things that if you think about this opportunity that we really prepared ourselves for, even beyond our product and our engagement there is some of the software with connectivity that we've built. And so the real-time API, for example, is our way of trying to move into this market and think about, well, if you're building an app and your app is built around whatever that happens to be, whether it is, to your point, health and wellness, we want to be able to be the partner of choice.  Now we have to work on labels and things around those lines, which we'll absolutely do over the long haul. But we've really set ourselves up to be what we believe is the partner of choice, and we'll continue to do so. So that's another way we're going about it, which I think you'll continue to see us push down that path as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen
Joshua Jennings: I just wanted to ask about gross margins and just the outperformance in 2021? And if you could just run through maybe Jeremy, just some of the drivers of the outperformance relative to your initial guidance? And why we -- some of those drivers couldn't repeat in 2022? And I'm assuming that it's part of it is the G7 launch timing in 2022. But I also wanted to just -- was curious about how the acquisition of the international distributors contributed to the margin performance in 2022 and then really just thinking about a bit there's upside to this initial guidance range for 2022?
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, absolutely. So let's think about 2021. And just as you think about that overperformance, really, there's a couple of real drivers of it. It's one, we've built a lot of automated machinery. And as a result of that, yields have gone up over time. And so you've seen the team has done an incredible job of building those yields, really driving those through. And that -- the reduction of waste and the increase efficiency and the increase of the absorption of those fixed costs really was an incredible step forward.  Also through the through our experience with G6, we've reduced our warranty exposure. And as you have warranties, you're sending out replacements, you're sending those out, we're starting to maximize our logistics departments and reducing those freight costs ultimately in fulfilling it. So all of those things were all hitting on and maximizing those for G6.  Now when you launch G7, you've got brand-new machinery. You've got -- so you've got to go through the yields process again. It's a new product. And so you actually -- you have to work through the warranty and how you ultimately navigate that. And so when you get to the question, well, what happened in 2021? That's exactly what happened. The team is doing an incredible job. And in 2022, as we launch G7, we're going to go through that journey. And as you saw with the step back that you saw when we launched G6, there was a step back and then we were able to navigate our way through it. We expect to be able to do the same with G7. However, in the year of launch, we know we're going to have to navigate through them.  And so what could be potential upside to that could be effectively if we're able to navigate through either yields or warranties quicker than expected, which again dovetails into how quick regulatory approvals happen, et cetera. So that's the primary driver. Over the long haul, there's no reason to believe that we can't continue to be more efficient over time. G7 was designed with efficiency in mind. And we have tons of different work streams that are going on around how to maximize -- and Kevin referred to it earlier on how to maximize the cost potential within that line. And so we'll continue to do that over time. We'll get to 2023 when we get there. But over the course of 2022, we're very excited about launching G7 and then going through the improvements.
Operator: And our next question comes from Frank Pinel from Jefferies.
Frank Pinal: I guess just looking at your user base, it looks like you've grown that by 3 to 4x over the last several years. I'm wondering to what degree that's sustainable given G7, DexCom 1, prediabetes, type 2, obviously, a lot of things on slate. And is there a point that you see where OUS revenues eclipse U.S. revenues?
Kevin Sayer: In our long-term plans, we certainly show OUS revenues becoming a larger portion of our overall revenue picture than they are today. We don't have them eclipsing U.S. revenues in our current 5-year plan because we have so much opportunity in the U.S. market. I think the user base is a great question. Because over time, the characteristics of that user base changes as we are into more, for example, DexCom 1 type products where it's an e-commerce platform. We don't know how sticky those patients are going to be right now.  We have developed a great model for stickiness with respect to our current user base. And we are designing our products and our software experiences to maintain that type of engagement in a model where people can afford to pay for the product. For many years, the #1 reason an individual could using DexCom was cost. And we are trying to knock that barrier down more and more as we speak. We need to make sure we address those issues going forward.  Our customer experience team has been fabulous identifying things we can do to make our product better and increase that base and have them stay. It's not just getting them. Getting the users is one task, but maintaining them is another one. And our record is unlike anybody else is in this industry, we're really good at this.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. And I think just to your question in terms of how is it repeatable over time in terms of the patient base. Look, I mean, the majority of DexCom's existence has been really focused on the intensive insulin user. But we know that there's an unmet need as you move into a basal user, and that's with the MOBILE study. And that's a large increase in addressable population. We also know that the type 2 space, there's a huge demand for that product there, but it's a question, as Kevin referred to, ultimately, how do we go to market in there? And we have some great ideas about how it should look, and we're working through those.  So I think we're in a pretty good spot. But we're navigating through that. And then to your point, the prediabetes population and health and wellness population is huge. And so it's really a matter of us getting the right product into those folks' hands. And I think that's what you see us doing over time. All the investment in software and platforms is really designed around how do we engage not only our existing population and engage them better but also engage these new population, which means the TAM for this potential product is incredibly large.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks a lot, operator. As we spend today, looking back at 2021, I just want to spend a minute and acknowledge our teams today. We have a commercial team who generated 26% revenue growth and volumes that far exceeded that in a time when we're putting through rapid expansion efforts as we doubled the U.S. sales force, acquired distributors and did a number of things to make it more difficult. We have an operations and quality group who're doing all this time when the world has talked about component shortages and not being able to produce product has delivered every single month.  In addition to delivering, we've opened a large regional distribution center in Arizona, and we're building our factory in Malaysia, and we're hitting our schedules and time frames there. You look at the innovation at this company from R&D, clinical and quality groups with respect to the work and efforts on G7 as we got those filings in and those filings are person with respect to the data that we presented. And we're getting up and ready to scale on the upside. And then just from a day-to-day basis, our HR group has walked us through thousands of hires literally in the past year. And the finance guys haven't missed a beat. And IT as we move to home, we've not had any trouble. This has been a great year for DexCom. And a lot of people have contributed. It's never just one group or one thing. So I just wanted to thank everybody, acknowledge everybody's accomplishments, and we look forward to a great year next year. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 21:50:06) =====
Sean Christensen : Thank you, Operator. And welcome to DexCom's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of our progress on our third quarter highlights and strategic initiatives, followed by a financial review and outlook from Jeremy Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions.  Our Chief Technology Officer, Jake Leach, will also be present with us for the Q&A period. We ask the analysts to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our third quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the events and presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor Statement.  Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, expectations, and assumptions about future events, strategies, competition products, operating plans, and performance.  All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  The factors that could cause actual results to differ for materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-Q. Most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP.  With respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results, unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP.  Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our third quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer : Thank you, Sean. And thank you, everyone for joining us. Today we reported another strong quarter for DexCom with third-quarter revenue growth of 30% compared to the third quarter of 2020, and 28% growth on an organic basis. This revenue growth rate represents continued momentum per DexCom CGM adoption around the world as we once again achieved a record quarter of new customer growth.  The third quarter also saw several strategic accomplishments across our teams that laid the foundation for our future growth opportunities. In the U.S., we received FDA clearance for 2 key software solutions that continue to differentiate our connected products from those of our competitors and position us as a partner of choice across our healthcare and wearables ecosystem.  First in July, we received FDA clearance for our real-time API. For those of you who are not aware an API is the tool that allows one app to connect with another app. prior to this clearance, our customers and clinicians could only utilize our retrospective API, which integrated DexCom data into third-party apps on a three-hour delayed basis.  We believe that by putting the power of choice at our users fingertips with Reopine data, we can help ease the daily burden of diabetes management and significantly improved quality of life for our customers. This tool will be available to partners invited by DexCom. And we already have several that will began the development process to enable real-time displays for their communities.  This includes Garmin. Which became the first partner to launch apps connected to our real-time API 2 weeks ago, bringing DexCom ratings into their portfolio of wearables and cycling computers? Second, on the heels of the real-time API clearance, we received FDA clearance in August for the DexCom app and app module.  This module was specifically designed for people with non-intensive type 2 diabetes and can directly integrate into another third-party healthcare app. With the integrated DexCom app, it is now even easier for our partners to access and display our CGM data, enabling single app solutions that simplify the experiences for DexCom users.  United Health Group became our first partner to launch the integrated DexCom App and app module in late September, bringing the embedded app into their level 2 diabetes care program. Our connectivity software and data infrastructure solutions are a core strength of DexCom. These two recent FDA clearances reflect the increase investment that we put into software development, and we believe increase our competitive advantages moving forward.  In late September, we also announced the launch of DexCom ONE in four international markets, where we previously had no presence, Bulgaria, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia. DexCom ONE leverages the G6 hardware platform and a completely redesigned software experience that focuses on simplicity and ease-of-use for our customers.  This is the first product launch in our history that started exclusively through the DexCom e-commerce platform. A platform that has been embraced by our customers in Canada and the UK over the past two years. With the proven performance of our CGM systems, the new software experience and efficient e-commerce solution, and affordable pricing plans.  We believe that DexCom ONE will be an important product for us as we drive the business to where our long term targets. Most importantly, this differentiated product as a key step for us to bring DexCom CGM to significantly more people with diabetes who previously did not have access to our products.  Early feedback around the product has been very favorable and we look forward to seeing the full results from these launches as we leverage for the full breadth of our expanding product portfolio to achieve our 2020 Investor Day Goal of tripling our international addressable market by the end of 2023.  Building from the strength of our mobile trial that was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in June, investigators published the results from the extension phase of the trial in diabetes care during the third quarter. In this extension phase, we re-randomized the population who are initially on CGM to see if the benefits would be retained for those who stayed on CGM compared to those who returned to Finger-Stick monitoring.  Once again, the results were clear. Those who stayed on our G6 systems, maintained greater time and range improvements over the 6 month extension phase compared to those who did not. The results confirmed that further significant population of people with type II diabetes on basal insulin, there is significant benefit in continuous CGM use to optimize therapy and support behavior modifications. Our teams are working hard to leverage the conclusions from mobile into greater access to our technology for people with type two diabetes. And this is just one area in which we are building the foundation for our long-term growth. We are advancing our pilot efforts with United Health's level 2.  Teladoc's Lavango per diabetes,  on dual and others. We are generating strong clinical evidence for expanded indications for CGM use in inpatient settings, and for women who are pregnant, we continue to leverage our advantages in connectivity by gaining new customers and progressing our pipeline of solutions with our leading insulin delivery partners.  Finally, we continue to advance our G7 scale up and regulatory efforts during the quarter. We have had excellent communication with our notified body in Europe and believe that we remain on track to begin the launch of our G7 system in the fourth quarter upon receiving CE mark clearance.  In the U.S. we've made great progress in preparation prior regulatory submission, and believe that we are now in the final stages of that effort. We look forward to the comprehensive G7-510K submission, including G7 hardware and full Android and IOS software to the FDA in the next few weeks. As you can see, our teams are working very hard and making great progress to advance our core strategic efforts.  Whether it is in expanding our product portfolio, creating differentiated user experiences, are laying the foundation for new market opportunities that will drive our future growth. So with that said, let me turn it over now to Jeremy for a review of our third quarter financial performance. Jeremy.
Jereme Sylvain : Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release, as well as on our IR website. For the third quarter of 2021, we reported worldwide revenue of $650 million compared to 501 million for the third quarter of 2020, representing growth of 30% on a reported basis and 28% on an organic basis.  In late July, we were proud to complete the acquisition of our distributor in Australia and New Zealand. With this acquisition, we began generating revenue for certain non-CGM healthcare product which we have categorizes inorganic growth for the quarter. This non-CGM distribution revenue contributed approximately 2% to our reported growth for the third quarter.  The transition from distributor markets to direct sales is one of several important strategic initiatives that we outlined at our 2020 Investor Day as we seek to significantly grow our international presence, We believe a larger direct international footprint will give us greater control to leverage our marketing strength, invest in accelerating our growth, and ensure that the direction of these core markets is aligned to our strategic interests.  In terms of financial impact of the third quarter acquisition, we expect the transaction to be approximately neutral to our operating margin for the full year as it was in the third quarter. U.S. revenue totaled 490 million in the third quarter compared to 399 million in the third quarter of 2020, representing growth of 23%.  We continue to see good momentum in the U.S. where we are benefiting from the increased market access and field presence that we have enabled over the past year. New customer growth remains strong across all segments of the population, including people with type 1 diabetes, intensively managed people with type 2 diabetes, where we have significantly expanded market access in the past year, and even early adopters in the type 2 non-intensive population.  Our international business grew 57% in the third quarter, totaling $161 million. Excluding the impact of non-CGM distribution revenue generated by our acquisition of our distributor in Australia, and New Zealand, growth for international business was 46% in the third quarter. We continue to see very encouraging growth across the board in our International Markets, with a majority of our markets delivering record sales in the Third Quarter.  Although it is still early, we believe that our strategic groups to broaden access in several markets have been very successful thus far and have left us well positioned to expand our growth profile internationally. And you see that reflected current quarter results. Along those lines are global volume growth in the third quarter remained strong, exceeding 40% for the Quarter.  This is well above our 28% organic revenue growth rate can supports the momentum behind DexCom CGM globally. As we aggressively seek to advance access to our technology and drive better health outcomes and quality of life for people with diabetes. As Kevin mentioned, the launch of DexCom one adds to our product portfolio and provides another key element of our strategy to expand access to CGM globally.  As we continue to scale our business in conjunction with our ambitious plans for customer growth, we are creating tools that allow us to serve our growing base in an efficient manner. And the use of our e-commerce platform for the initial DexCom ONE launch is a good example of that focus.  Our third quarter gross profit was $446.9 million or 68.7% of revenue compared to 68% of revenue in the third quarter of 2020. The year-over-year gross margin expansion is an impressive result, especially when you factor in our strategic efforts this year to drive greater mix through the pharmacy channel and expanded international access.  This is a credit to our teams who have innovated and embraced change where necessary to drive efficiencies and position us to maximize our strategic opportunities. We continue to demonstrate the ability to leverage both our manufacturing operations and R&D teams to be ever more efficient in the delivery of our products. Operating expenses were 323.1 million for Q3 2021 compared to 245.7 million in Q3 2020. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales were relatively flat year-over-year as we offset investments in software development G7 scale-up, and our expanded global commercial sales force with strong leverage of our general and administrative functions. Operating income was 123.8 million in the Third Quarter of 2021 compared to 95 million in the same quarter of 2020, holding flat 19% of revenue.  As this result indicates, we've been able to retain much of our operating margin this year, even as we have significantly reinvested in our business. Adjusted EBITDA was 173.5 million or 26.7% of revenue for the third quarter, compared to 146.9 million or 29.3% of revenue for the third quarter of 2020. Net income for the third quarter was 89.5 million or $0.89 per share.  We closed the quarter with approximately 2.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents giving us great financial flexibility to drive our strategic initiatives. This includes the continued build-out of our manufacturing facility in Malaysia, and G7 scale up in Mesa, Arizona, as well as opportunities that are aligned our business objectives, such as our recent stricter acquisition.  Turning to guidance, our third quarter performance has placed us in a position to once again raise our full-year 2021 outlook for revenue and margins as we look to wrap up another excellent year. We now expect 2021 revenue to be between 2.4 - 5 and 2.45 billion, representing growth of 26% to 27% over 2020.  This guidance includes approximately 100 basis points of non-CGM in organic growth, related to our recent distributor acquisition. Turning to margins, we are increasing our full-year 2021 targets. This includes non-GAAP results to be approximately at the following levels, which include a neutral impact from our distributor acquisition.  Gross profit margins of approximately 68%, operating margins of approximately 16%, and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 25%. With that, I will now turn the call back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer : There are a number of things that we could celebrate and I'd like to take the time now to thank all of the teams at DexCom and specifically highlight a few things that we're proud of. First, to our new DexCom team members in Australia and New Zealand, we are absolutely thrilled to have you with us on our journey to empower people to take control of diabetes.  We look forward to working together and learning from you as we bring our technology to those in need in these key markets. Our operations team has provided another highlight in the third quarter as our G6 manufacturing yields reached all-time highs, and our warranty rates reached all-time lows.  Those are the metrics that lead to the margin improvements that we've seen and reflect countless hours of work from our talented employees. And finally, our R&D team continues to innovate with several updates to our sensor pipeline, as well as our leadership in data and software solutions.  The two FDA clearances this quarter are a testament to those efforts, and a nice validation of the strategy that we've discussed to leverage software as a competitive advantage and a key area of investment.  As Sean mentioned at the start of the call, we've invited Jake Leach, our Chief Technology Officer, to join us for the Q&A portion of the call in order to address any questions around these clearances, and our product innovation. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A. Sean.
Sean Christensen : Thank you, Kevin, as a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only 1 question at this time, and then reenter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Quen Blackford :   And our first question comes from Jeff Johnson, from Baird, go ahead Jeff.
Jeff Johnson : Thank you. Good afternoon guys. I know we focus so much on T1 and attempt to T2 most of the time, but I wanted to ask this time maybe on the non-intensive in the pre -diabetes market. I guess I'm wondering more than anything, your latest thoughts on how big those 2 markets could be over the next year or 2.  Especially with so many, we see all these behavioral services popping up with levels and super sapiens and others in prediabetes, and obviously level too, and some of the others on the commercial side.  It feels like you're real-time API and your app and app approvals would be helpful for some of those programs. So just how do you see those 2 markets developing in the short run, 1 to 2 years in your market share in those 2 areas, maybe over the next couple of years as well? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer : Thank you Jeff. This is Kevin. I'll take that one. We think those markets can develop nicely. We have some work to do on the product labeling side and some work to do with the FDA as we migrate down that path and we've had some of those discussions. But the results are spectacular as we've seen people use this product.  In fact, we recently got an email from a position, again, this isn't the type 2 world non-intensive but was telling us about a recent experience with a patient who had gone from an A1C in the 12s down to no medication to an A1C of 5.5 or something like that. It works there or it's also very much on the metabolic front-end general.  Anybody who wears a CGM and watches that data, and particularly if you set those lines narrow between like 7120, if you go above the 120 Mark, you ask yourself what you aid. You can usually figure out and go back to something that that you could do different. The effects of exercise, the effects of poor sleep, the effect of stress of an earnings call, can all be demonstrated in CGM graphs. I think it's a wonderful market opportunity.  The data has to be presented properly. That's where the live API and the approvals we talked about today come in. The API is a quick way to get there and Jake knows the technical stuff better than me, but the API also requires a person to run a DexCom app and the other app. With the other, the app and app module that we talked about today, some of these larger programs that again like Level two with United Health Group, you have one app experience.  With like a DexCom button or a DexCom experience right in the middle of it. So if you are branding a wellness situation and really want that to be your focal point, we can reside in that app and you can have that experience. We think both solutions, they offer speed, but they also offer different experiences and then we'll pick the partners we want to work with on both sides, those that have the best need for one versus the other.  So we're excited , we're very excited for these markets and it's why we getting part of our long-term strategy. But we need the technology to get there and our product pipeline truly supports going there over time.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Go ahead, Robbie.
Robbie Marcus : Hi, this is actually Lillian on for Robbie. Thanks for taking the question. Can you talk briefly about dynamics that you're seeing in Europe right now. You guys had a great quarter there. So any tangible stories of success from the increased page in access efforts that you've implemented over the last few months. Any call on that you could share would be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer : Sure. Yes, and thanks for the question. What you see in Europe, and certainly it's really in all the markets we've gone in with our access strategy as we moved into various countries and obviously exchange price for access to populations that we historically haven't been able to get to.  What you see in the quarter, I think we talked a little bit about on the call is; it was a record revenue quarter in most of our international markets, so I think you see it playing through on the revenue front. Think you saw a 46% organic growth rate outside the U.S., which again another incredibly strong quarter, fueled by a lot of the access that we've been able to create, and then you look at the new patient growth.  It's another record quarter for new patient adds in this quarter. Again, all pointing to some of the access that we've created outside the U.S.. I think some of the examples I think we talked a little bit about them publicly last quarter with Canada, for example, in multiple different provinces, allowing us access through those publicly reimburse channels. And I think in those channels you are seeing just that, a lot of people had now have the access to DexCom CGM technology
Jereme Sylvain : And they're taking advantage of that. So we'll continue to expect that to play through it. It's why we ultimately made the decision to do it. And I think you've seen it play through in the financial results and our expectation as you continue to see a play through over the long haul.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Go ahead, Danielle.
Danielle Antalffy : Good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Congrats on a really strong quarter. Jeremy, just a question for you. You guys have been investing pretty significantly in direct consumer. Marketing, and ramping up the sales force initiatives around primary care physician.  I'm wondering if you can talk now we're three quarters into this -- sort of more concerted effort in the U.S., and whether we can really talk about how you are seeing a return on that investment as far as incremental new patient adds and maybe just where we are from a primary care physician coverage perspective. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer : Sure. Absolutely. So where we sit today and we talked a little bit about it last Quarter, but I want to reiterate it is, you know, in the U.S., we've doubled our covering prescriber coverage over the past 18 months. And so what I mean by that is the amount of physicians that are writing DexCom scripts has doubled in 18 months.  That's an a testament to the work that's being done by the U.S. commercial team, which has been fueled by multiple things, certainly direct-to-consumer advertising, doubling the size of the sales force. Those all really play into folks adopting the technology.
Jereme Sylvain : Just a couple of tangible things which I think are helpful to see again, another record quarter for new patient adds, I think you can see that playing through and in many ways that's driven by the sales force. So you see that continued momentum, I would say the one thing that we have noticed that hasn't prevented us from being at completely full effectiveness is some of the impacts of the Delta variant.  I think that's probably the only thing that we've seen that's been a challenge, and that's just getting access to some of these offices when you're no longer seeing folks in person. And so you've seen a lot of positions opening up and those locations we're doing incredibly well. So there's more to work through and that's a function of just navigating through these COVID landscapes more than anything else.
Jereme Sylvain : So I think in short, you're seeing the performance, you're seeing the growth, seeing the new patient adds and we've ramped up very nicely. It's been an incredible year for us thus far. I'm very bullish on what it means for next year. So I think that's really the feedback thus far and again, as we get more and more data, we'll continue to share it as it becomes available.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel. Go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew Blackman : Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I want to ask about the G6 rollout in Japan, Is there any commentary on early trends there? Could you also just remind us the sizing of the incremental opportunity in Japan and how meaningful or contribute do you think it could be to either worldwide growth OUS growth, however you want to frame it as we move into 2022? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer : This is Kevin. You were early on in that launch with our partner Terumo. We've got some good traction, but literally with launch happening in earlier this summer, we're in a position of educating physicians, getting examples out there, really teaching people about our product. We think overtime that Japan market could be a very good one for us.  While there's not a tremendous amount of type 1 diabetes, there's also -- there is a large amount of type 2 diabetes. If we can get across that broad spectrum, with our product offerings, we can see this being one of our -- certainly one of our top 8 markets, possibly even a top 4 or 5 in the world as time goes on.  We also know from a technological perspective that physicians we've spoken with are very bullish on the performance of our product. And tremendously value the accuracy and precision of what we do, and the connectivity and all of those things.  So we believe we have the right system for the market, but we are in early phases right now. And just to give you, I know you asked for the size of the market, that's a market of around three to 400 thousand intensively managed patients across type one and type two. So at the large market with a lot of folks, a smaller prevalence of T1, but obviously a market that can be an incredible Landing spot for us and that space.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Margaret Cansol(ph), from William Blair. Go ahead, Margaret.
Margaret Kaczor: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. The question is a little bit more of a theme and an expansion maybe on some of the partnerships that you referenced in just getting a better sense around how many of your patients out today, for example, may come from these partnerships.  And when you talk about expanding them, is that enough form of covered lives or is it something else? And that is just as a follow-on, since shakes on the call, I guess, the products and subscription services that you guys may offer these partnerships.  How do those evolve, I guess over time and could that potentially accelerate some of the capabilities that deck Tom offers are the new products that they offer away from pure technology that you've been in the past towards some of these other software or other potential offerings you have. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain : Sure. Yes. So let me start with maybe the financials side and how that migrates over time. And then Jake's obviously who will take you through the technical aspect of it. And why we're so excited about it. So today these partnerships are a combination of expanding TAM and expanding people that would want to access CGM technology over time.  And today it's in the form of sensors. But over time, and as we've demonstrated the couple other software features, we've obviously added over the past, 6 months or so. Software can be a part of that package.  And so we're really -- the monetization of that will come over time. Today is about how we get as many folks as possible on sensors to realize the value of CGM. So that's how we expand it, Jake, maybe you could take it through just kind of the general theme of, of where we're going in that space.
Jake Leach: Yeah, sure. Jeremy. Thanks for the question. So really the way we think about it is that the technology that we're bringing in the market through this software features is really about providing unique experiences for customer segments. And so if you think about the type 1 segment or the type 2 segment non-intensive.  You really -- you're solving different types of problems in those and so what these Software tools such as our lives API provide is a way for our partners to serve those needs with seed DexCom, CGM, and a connection to our product, the real-time API is a real advancement in our cloud strategy. And we're really excited about the list of partners that are working to integrate that into their systems to provide their customers with unique experiences.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Sandler. Go ahead Matthew.
Matthew OBrien : Thanks and thanks for taking my question. So a lot of moving parts here and I'm not sure if I'm doing the math right, but I'm getting like $60 to $70 million of a pricing headwind this quarter. And I'm not sure what the distributor conversion if that's right or not. I guess I'm just asking, is -- is that about right? Are we seeing a little bit more of the pricing headwind this quarter than we've seen over the last couple.  So we'll see maybe a little less next year getting pulled forward with the 21. And then the -- and the reason I'm asking is that, the increase sequentially from Q3 to Q4 is a little bit below trend line, is that because you're expecting more on the pricing headwinds to be seen here in '21 versus '22? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain : Yes. So there's a couple of pieces, so I'll first and foremost reiterate the total pricing expectation for the year, the 250 million is still the expectation if anything, we might come a little bit light on that, but that still is the expectation. So then the pricing in Q3 was generally in line with prior quarters. A little bit elevated, but it's not a material step change, and that's a function of some of those OUS contracts kicking in.  So really, that's where we come from a pricing perspective. So it's not necessarily pulling anything in. We've often talked about 2022 being relatively similar to 2021. And we're still on that trajectory. So I wouldn't necessarily expect any of that. To your question on how Q4 plays out in the guide and doing the math there.  And you're doing the math, right. One of the things we're mindful of, and there's really two pieces to it as you think about it, there's the piece we talked about a little bit earlier, which is the delta variant and getting into new primary care offices and making sure that we're seeing that over time before we count on it.  So that's the first piece of it and we're mindful of that. And then the second piece of it is as more and more of our product is fulfilled through the pharmacy, the historical trends over time you're going to see start to migrate just a little bit. You saw it start this year in Q1.  If you look back to Q1, our sequential pullback from prior year Q4 into Q1 was a bit muted, and you're going to see the same thing in this Q4, which it means as more and more goes to the pharmacy, you no longer have folks in the DME space than all of them have the high-deductible health plans were folks are maximizing benefits at the end of the year.  So we expect a little bit less seasonality as we progress. And in turn, we expect a little seasonality in Q1 of next year. So that's what you're reading into. That's ultimately what comes through in the guidance. So you're doing the math, right. But those are some of the expectations that went into it.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Travis Steve from Barclays. Go ahead Travis.
Travis Hayes: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Jeremy, just a follow-up on the distributor. It sounds like the revenue impact this quarter it was 13 million all in the offline and just curious how to model that going forward is at about 13 million a quarter for three more quarters. And then it gets into the base and how to think about like is there a pricing benefit here without the distributor margin. Just a little more color on the distributor acquisition If you all.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. So we'll -- so of pricing. We don't necessarily break down the pricing USO, U.S. and the overall number. And so at the end of the day, we're on the trajectory of the total Company we talked about. And so obviously guys will do the math, but at the end of the day, we're on that same trajectory.  In terms of your question on the distributor. With the impact of the distributor acquisition on growth in the quarter in our CGM business, it rounds to 0%. It's because there was 2 months in the quarter, and that markup on the margin in the distributor market is relatively small. The question is, well, why do you and what do you it, and what -- it's our ability to control, penetrating deeper into these markets.  And that's ultimately why we do it. It's not try to get a margin uplift. It's actually to try to control investment. We're a Company that has cash on the Balance Sheet. We're willing to invest in these markets. And we want to continue to invest in these markets. So as we take them direct, the goal has been to reinvest in make sure that we're driving adoption.  So the impact of the distributor really nominal on our organic growth rate like I said, it rounds to 0. So the 28% is the organic growth rate even including that. So hopefully, that helps you around the acquisition. There isn't much there that changes the results this quarter.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Go ahead, Matt.
Matt Taylor : Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping you could give me more color on how things are going in the primary care channel. Could you give us any sense for how the sales force is maturing, how productive they are and if there's more to go there?
Kevin Sayer : Yeah, this is Kevin. I'll take that. There's still more to go, but it is going very well. Our targets are going very well as far as those we've call on, we've also learned there are some we have not had on the target list and we're expanding that coverage as well. We've had numerous situations where it's taken our person several attempts to get into an office, but once they get in and once we get a person on a DexCom, their responses so good based on the quality of the product that we get more.  But it is a progressive effort, and it doesn't -- we don't walk in and all of sudden get, hey, here's 50 new patients this month. It takes a little time and we have to bet a lot of credibility. But the primary carrier audience, particularly with those on insulin, it's gone very well so far, but it is a process and it does take some time.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch, from Citi. Go head Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch : Thank you very much for taking my questions. It seems to me like the increasing clinical evidence that you are building is going to really help the Type-2 population. But could you give us sort of an update on where you think or what you think you'll need to get into the non-intensive type juice.
Kevin Sayer : Yeah. This Kevin, I'll take that. We've taken several pronged approach to get in there and we're not going to deviate from that approach. We're working with healthcare professionals who are prescribing product for a non-intensive type  right now and getting great outcomes.  We work with the payer network, for example, the level 2 program at UnitedHealth, that produce some very good results for them and very visible in their marketing materials, in their efforts. The programs and with the technologies Jake outlined that we got approved today, the app in the App and the API interfaces that will be great for partners because they do wanna control that experience for patients and ultimately getting to people directly.  We've been very successful on our DTC campaigns for the intensive insulin users, there will come a time when we will be able to go direct to those consumers in the type 2 NIIT as we call it.  Non-Intensive insulin therapy or non-insulin therapy, get to these guys as well, and we have a high level of confidence in the products we're designing and the things we're planning combined with the ability of our team to reach these markets once we turn them loose, once we have the opportunity to do so. So we'll go through all the steps, will continue on all four fronts. We're not going to back off on one of them.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong from Morgan Stanley, go the Cecilia.
Cecilia Furlong: Thank you for taking our question. I wanted to ask just on Gross Margin as you think about 4Q, what is implied with your updated guidance step-down, but just what you're factoring in from the International access component versus G7 initial launch, not quite being at scale and how we should think about the trajectory heading into 2022. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer : Sure. So the gross margin in Q4, we do expect to take a bit of a step back. Some of it is the international access as that ramps up. And the other piece to your point is the launch of G7 and turning on all of the machine, the depreciation and therefore the yields. A majority of that is going to be the G7 launch. And the reason why is we're not at full capacity at that point.  Now, once we get to full capacity, there's no reason why we don't get back to our long-term gross margin guides, and we'll get into 2022 when we get there. But there's nothing strong actually in those lines that would prevent us from meeting what we had talked about from our long-term gross margin guide. There may be ebbs and flows quarter-by-quarter as we ramp up.  But I don't expect there to be any issues there. So if you're asking the question well, how I would weigh the two most of the impact is upon the launch of G7. And in turning on those machines and the depreciation associated with it. As we get into 2022 and volumes start to build on those machines and you're able to absorb those fixed costs. There's nothing structurally that can't get us back to the gross margin profiles that we've set for an organization.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Jason Bedford, from Raymond James, go head Jason.
Jayson Bedford: Hi, this Povin (ph) for Jason and I have 2 quick questions here. First, will we see G7 clinical data before U.S. approval? And the second one is how close are you guys to get into the 75% of commercial payers into the pharmacy channel?
Jake Leach: So thanks for the question Jake, so the -- we presented actually earlier this year, we presented at ATTD G7 data. Joining a MARD of sub 9% and very strong  accuracy, better than G6, in fact, so we're very excited and happy with the result of the U.S. pivotal. And we'll be releasing that in the future. Yeah. So now that you've seen that data, I think you have a feel for it. And obviously, that data -- as these -- as more products launch over time, you'll get access to it. But I think some folks ask, well, how do I know what it's going to look like before, there is public -- data available at ATD that should set North Star.  In terms of the transition, the migration in the pharmacy, we talked about this glide path from approximately 50% turning into 2021 or at the end of 2020 into really 75% by the end of 2022, we're on that glide path right now. And so we're making headway, we haven't given a specific update as a percentage but as your charting that course, we're right where we'd be expected and right where you'd expect from a linear transition over time. So hopefully that helps.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Go ahead, Larry.
Nathan Travis: Hi, this is Nathan Travis call for Larry. Thank you for taking the question. Can you just provide us an update on how you're thinking about CGM for hospitals and gestational diabetes? Thanks.
Jake Leach: Yes, this is Jake, so let's start on the hospital first. So the way we are thinking about that is that, you really with the accuracy and reliability that we have built into the G6 and G7 systems. That it's a great CGM platform to then build a purpose built hospital products. So we're in the early stages of understanding what is the exact CGM that meets the needs in a hospital. We've seen good success with G6 under the times COVID used in the hospital.  It is really serving a need, but it's not exactly the right workflow for the our hospitals. And so what we want to do is better understand how rebuild a CGM that really meets the needs of that segment, On the pregnancy side, we're very excited about the building in pregnancy functionality and providing information that's important for expecting mothers into the G7 product. And so that's part of our roadmap and we're actively working on building that into the G7.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Go ahead Steven.
Steven Lichtman : Thank you. Hi, guys. Kevin, you mentioned earlier all the work you continue to do on non-intensive with partners, payers, and collecting data. Wondering what your latest thoughts are on potential revenue per patient in that population or utilization overall for the non-intensive. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer : At this point in time, the total revenue amount per year is still something we model out in a number of cases. What we've learned and what the data that we've seen most recently supports and we'll continue to talk about is continuous use of the system provides much better healthcare outcomes than intermittent or  that the things had patients learn with this technology, having that feedback full time provides a much better outcome with respect to the long-term revenue model.  And again, I'm speculating a bit here, but I'll just repeat what I said to the team internally, we're solving a much different problem for somebody's not on insulin, it is not a life and death decision for them, so I can see them revenue per patient being lower for this group over time, even in continuous use. But I don't know how much yet.  There will certainly be intermittent use models that might be available and lead to good outcomes. But one of the mistakes that a lot of these programs make in the beginning, is they try and minimize the number of sensors because they're worried about the costs there trying to control when in reality the benefits that these patients and these customers use the system to get are derived from CGM data.  So we have to balance those things and balance that against our current business model as well but we do believe it's going to be a very good population and there's -- there was long a belief that all these patients will want to wear it all the time. Now, they do. They very much enjoy the data and really like knowing where they are. That has not been a problem at all.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg. Go ahead, Ravi.
Ravi Misra: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So I guess I'll use my one question on New Zealand, Australia distributor. Just curious, how quickly can you basically get through this I guess, inorganic revenue in terms of the impact of guidance like is there still kind of be non-CGM revenue that we assume and Quarter 4 and maybe help us think about, I guess what the market size that you think you're able to kind of go after with this acquisition or do you need to do more in this arena, this country or continent space to really get access to the population? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer : Sure, I can take that. So when we acquired the distributor, the distributor had multiple different product lines. They have sales reps that cover these multiple different product lines. And ultimately a distributor is about people and it's an incredible group of people. And so the key here is making sure we keep everybody together. So we'll stay in that line.  What we tried to identify for you, is the contributions to the overall guide in basis points. And so in our guide, we talked about a 100 basis points on the full year. You'll do the math and figure out what the approximate impact is in Q4, and I think you'll have a pretty good feel for it. We'll make sure that we isolate it out over the long haul so that you're able to identify what is and what isn't out there. So I think you can feel comfortable there,
Jake Leach: Provided material in terms of the actual acquisition itself, and being able to get into the market. This was -- this is a group of folks who have done an incredible job with CGM adoption in that, in that country. And so when we when we get into these countries, we want to make sure one, we have the team, we make sure that they're eight.  There's nothing in their way from continuing to develop CGM awareness and developed CGM adoption. So there's nothing that prevents us under the structure. The only thing we mentioned in terms of investment is very similar to the way you've thought about our organization in the U.S. We know that investment in DTC and in sales reps where it makes sense and then sampling, and all of the things that we've put in place make great sense in other markets.  You've seen us do some of that in Europe, and certainly we've done some in Canada and we expect to do more of that and we take it direct, we can do a little bit more of that. And so that's really what we're talking about. So there's nothing structurally that prevents us from taking the acquisition and continuing to proliferate CGM adoption in those countries.
Kevin Sayer : Yeah, this is Kevin, I would just add to that. One of the reasons we do things of this nature, take a look at our direct business in Canada. The wins we've just had with the provinces and reimbursement there. With our financial muscle at the corporate level, we can take much more risk than a distributor could on their own.  We view this investment in Australia and New Zealand as one where we're going to be able to go after broader market increased access reimbursement and really make an impact. Those -- this team needed our muscle to do that financially, and we needed their talent to do it as well so it works for both of us.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Maury Kibo. Go ahead, Maury from BTIG.
Maury Kibo: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. Spending a little bit of time on the DexCom one site, it strikes me as a very consumer-friendly website. And I'm just curious whether this is sort of a glimpse for the future. I know it's been launched into some Eastern European countries, but is this a model that you would look at in terms of flexible pricing and subscription plans and bulk order discounts? Is this something that's a preview of the broader appeal of CGM, maybe into pre -diabetes and consumer markets?
Kevin Sayer : Yes, it's Kevin, this is a very important launch for us, is the first time we've launched their product on a new software platform and had a new product launch. We're in a position now volume and manufacturing wise that we want to get this product to as many people as we can.  And what DexCom one represents is really an opportunity where we can get DexCom technology into a geography, easier than we could if we went through our traditional means with our G Series products. So we're offering this and -- yeah as you talked about, flexible pricing plans, subscription models, and things of that nature, to get this product to this patient group.  It definitely can be a precursor of things we can do in the future, to take advantage of the scale that we've created within the business with our ability to manufacture more. And again, while the website is very easy to use, I assure you the App that Jake 's team and our marketing team has developed is every bit as easy to use as the website.  This truly is a step up for us from our product experience. And that we'll evaluate those opportunities over time where we have a market, where we can increase our volumes and gain more traction with this type of product offering rather than our traditional G-series, we will explore that.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Josh  from Cowen. Go ahead, Josh.
Neal: Hi, this is actually Neal (ph) on for Josh. Thanks for taking the question. And we've had some consultants recently talk about the potential for monitoring other analytes. I was just wondering if you can or maybe share any updates there in terms of any development plans or program for extending monitoring to  outside of glucose, like Ketones?
Jake Leach: Sure. Yes. The wearable platform that we've developed with the electro -chemical sensors that can be extended to other analytes. And we do have active research programs within DexCom and also with some of our university colleagues that are researching other analytes that we could use on our platform. Today, we're not talking about exactly which ones, but we do feel that this platform can be extended to multiple analytes and provide more value around the CGM component.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone, from Jefferies. Go ahead, Anthony.
Anthony Petrone: Great. Thanks and hope everyone is doing well. Two quick questions. One would be on supply chain constraints. I'm just wondering how that is expected to play out into 2022, hearing a lot about inflationary upward pressure on cost of goods sold. So wondering how that's playing out for DexCom, what the offsets are. And then as we look into the 05 launch, just maybe an update on what percent of existing Omnipod users are currently not users of DexCom solutions? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer : Sure. So all go ahead and take the inflationary and supply chain. So I think everybody's, --nobody is immune to certain products and certain areas that do have pressure based on supply chain, supply and demand. One of the things I think our team has done, there's two pieces of it. One, do you have enough product and two, can you manage the cost? And I think our team has done an incredible job in lining up the product.  Now, that doesn't mean everybody's out of the woods that everybody has got supply chains and actually running through. But this team got ahead of it very early and has been working collaboratively, with all of our suppliers well in advance to make sure that we're properly communicating the value of our product and making sure that we're working with them to secure supply.  And that's ongoing, but that's work that's been done well in advance of everybody else jumping on us, we're very proud of that team. In terms of the inflationary measures, we're in a bit of a unique environment. There have been absolutely inflationary measures, but we're also making a lot more product.  And so you get economies of scale and purchasing power which offset some of the challenges associated with inflation. So our expectation is we're able to navigate both of those, and it will not impact our longer-term gross margins because of that nature. So hopefully I answered your question. Maybe I could turn it over to -- well actually, I can answer the Omnipod question. With Pod 5, there are a decent amount of folks using it.  There are some studies out there. I don't want to quote them just because I don't know how accurate they are. We generally have a good feel for it, although we haven't put it out there publicly, we can let Omnipod do that if they want to. But we do know once Omnipod 5 is launched and the integration associated with DexCom it could provide a catalyst certainly for us.  The one thing we will say is, we continue to say it all the time, is CGM first. We do believe that a lot of folks do come to CGM and then ultimately could choose to go onto an integrated system, and most folks that do get onto our product today now are MDI, and so a lot of those are out there. That all being said, another AID system
Sean Christensen : With one is novel as, as Omnipod I think is certainly something that's interesting and for patients that like patch pump, I think this is an incredible opportunity for folks to get on that platform.
Quen Blackford : Our next question comes from Kyle Rose, from Canaccord. Go ahead, Kyle.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to maybe ask another question on DexCom you've talked a couple of times about the patient experience being different and having a different app.  But I understand that the softwares obviously completely different on the e-commerce side, but maybe help us understand just what specifically is different from a patient facing perspective, with DexCom ONE versus what we've seen historically with the G6 and the previous generation products. Thank you.
Jake Leach: Jake, I will take that one. DexCom ONE from the beginning, our intent around the design of that product was to make it simple. And so that kind of flows through, as you mentioned, the e-commerce experience, but into the App, the mobile App itself. It's a new, --completely new App architecture for us, so it's a new piece of software.  And the first part that users will see that's quite different is the on-boarding module. We basically spent a lot of time studying human factors and how users use the products, particularly in those -- when they're first learning how to use it. So what onboard module does is really walks them through a simple process on how to get up and running quickly on their CGM.  The other thing about it, that's different than G6 is that has a simplified alert scheme. So it doesn't have some of the more sophisticated predictive alerts, the G6 does it, it has a very simple easy-to-use, approachable alerts scheme.  The other thing that we added is with our current G6 system, a lot of the data over time statistic are built into our clarity software with Dexcom ONE we've actually incorporated that into the Dexcom ONE absolute typical statistics like average glucose time and range estimated A1C, that's all built into the single Dexcom ONE up.  And then finally in that vein of simplicity, there's no AID connectivity for Dexcom ONE, it also doesn't have the share remote monitoring features, so it's really about bringing a simple CGM product to people who have never had access to Dexcom ONE CGM and haven't experienced life without fingersticks.
Quen Blackford : And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Go ahead, Chris.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. I want to take you back on that last question. I think that that answer was constructive in terms of some of the differences here in, and so it leads me to wonder who you're targeting specifically with this platform. It sounds like with the loss of sharing, and predictive alerts this is probably not going to be a type 1 or pediatric product.  Do you see this as a way to get more into the type 2 population specifically, is it a way to approach some emerging market territories where reimbursement may not be in place. We just love some thoughts on, where you see this going over time, which this product's really for? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer : It's all of those things. Certainly, you look at the 4 countries that you launched in, they're not huge countries but they're markets where we've never been before. So with the e-commerce platform and the creative pricing structures we have for subscription plans and things of that nature, it gives a group of people access to our technology they've never had it before.  And as far as the not sharing and not connecting today, ID systems you're exactly right. It -- is a lower level of technology with respect to connectivity, than what we offer and so it is targeted different people.  Certainly will have access to more type 2 patients, and access to insulin users. But again, some of these geographic play in countries where there isn't anything. We felt this simpler solution is a better product offer out of the gate, than the other one. And then we'll evaluate over time what products we offer where. So you are right on point with pretty much all your observation.
Quen Blackford : And we have no more questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back to Kevin Sayer for final comments.
Kevin Sayer : Thank you. And thank you, everyone for your questions and continued interest and support at DexCom. We've once again reported a number of important developments to position DexCom for the future on top of outstanding financial performance and continued growth. Going to wax a bit philosophical today, but my father passed away in late 2020, but he never missed an earnings call. Our routine after the calls was very simple.  He'd call me up and he'd say, this is what you guys were trying to say. And he was pretty much always right on point. So preparing my closing remarks today, let me reiterate what we're trying to tell you. Leveraging growth continue, our 28% revenue growth achieved through sensor volume growth in excess of 40% demonstrates a continued commitment and talent of our commercial organization.  Profitability continues to improve as well, yet we remain mindful of the investments we need to make in the future. Our global access strategy is working. We continue to achieve the numbers we've achieved while we've expanded access to our product globally through strategically shifting our customers to channels which result in reduced revenue per customer annually and yet margins have increased.  Next, G7 is on schedule and it's coming. All of the efforts related G7 are moving at a frenetic pace around here. I've never seen our people so engaged in a single-minded purpose. And finally, our software development and data platform commitments are going to be critical in the future and you saw a big steps this quarter. We spent a great deal of time talking about softwares in differentiator today and we haven't over the past several months.  You're beginning to see -- you're seeing the beginning of a great change with Dexcom ONE and the data sharing. And experience enhancing technologies recently approved by the FDA also demonstrate this. It's only the beginning. Our long term focus has always been for the data generated from our devices to be consumed in a way that really makes an impact on people's lives on their healthcare in general. Thanks and everybody have a great day.
Quen Blackford : And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Darren, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later well conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. You may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexComs second quarter 2021 earnings call. Our agenda this afternoon includes comments on the company's recent performance and strategic initiatives from Kevin Sayer, DexComs Chairman, President and CEO; Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer; and finally an update from Quen Blackford, our Chief Operating Officer. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our second quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, lets review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements, are detailed in DexComs annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our second quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone for joining us. Today we reported great results for our second quarter with 32% revenue growth for the quarter compared to the second quarter of 2020, as well as solid execution on our key strategic initiatives that we will discuss throughout the call today. The $143 million in absolute dollar revenue growth compared to the second quarter in 2020 represents the highest quarterly increase in DexCom's history. We continue to believe that we are early in our story with the potential to drive a far greater impact on global health. Our growth performance is closely related to the progress weve made to advance access on our CGM systems for people with diabetes. And because there is often so much misinformation spread about access to DexCom's CGM in the field, or the cost of our products for people with diabetes. Let me point out several key points that our investors, clinicians and current and potential customer should know. Weve advanced pharmacy access in the U.S where more than 70% of our commercial customers have a monthly out of pocket cost of less than $60 per month and nearly one-third of our customers have zero out of pocket costs for the G6 Sensors. According to IQVIA, this is less than a comparable out of pocket cost for our nearest competitor. The latest research from diabetes market research firm [indiscernible] Partners confirms our conclusion. With DexCom having the lowest customer copays of the three largest CGM suppliers in the U.S for customers on intensive insulin therapy. We've significantly expanded coverage for people with intensively managed type 2 diabetes, with the overwhelming majority of these patients now having coverage for DexCom CGM in the U.S. We also continue to advocate for equitable access to our CGM supplies for populations that are often underserved. As of July 2021, there are now 43 state Medicaid programs providing coverage for DexCom CGM, including a growing number of states providing access to the pharmacy channel for both type 1 and type 2 intensive users. We are building even more on those advocacy efforts in collaboration with several key nonprofit organizations that support the diabetes community. In June, we launched the global movement for time and range to broaden awareness of time and range and its benefits for people with diabetes and their health care providers. And we hope that this collaboration effort will lead to future solutions for improved CGM access. Our teams have taken a leading role to drive the removal of administrative barriers that prevent people with diabetes from accessing the benefits of real-time CGM. Along these lines, we are pleased to see the update from CMS in the second quarter to remove the requirement of at least four daily fingersticks for Medicare customers. This will simplify the CGM onboarding process for both customers and clinicians. We've also made solid progress internationally, building from our position of operational strength to advocate for broader reimbursement for G6. This initiative is moving forward according to plan with several geographies publicly announcing enhancements to their coverage of DexCom CGM in the second quarter. Despite these developments, a majority of people on mealtime insulin continue to manage their diabetes with fingersticks. Even in U.S., a leader in CGM adoption, we continue to believe that the type 1 market remains less than 50% penetrated and the type 2 intensive market is less than 25% penetrated. So there remains a great opportunity ahead of us even in the markets that we currently serve. At the same time, we are generating a growing evidence base for the use of DexCom CGM. At the ATTD and ADA industry conferences in June, we presented exciting research affirming the benefits of our product platform, including the ALERTT1 trial. This randomized controlled trial was simultaneously published in The Lancet showing superior health outcomes associated with the use of DexCom CGM relative to our nearest competitors/glucose monitor. These conferences also featured several presentations on the use of CGM for people with type 2 diabetes, including those not using mealtime insulin as well as use in women who are pregnant, use in the hospital setting and even conclusions applicable to health and wellness using CGM data. Perhaps the most significant of these presentations was the long awaited readout of our MOBILE trial, which was also published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. MOBILE was another rigorous randomized controlled trial assessing the value of DexCom CGM compared to the current standard of care Fingersticks. For people with type 2 diabetes treated with basal insulin. Importantly, the study looked at a diverse user base representative of the U.S population, and it assess these people in the primary care clinical environments where they're traditionally served. So what did we see? We saw a clinically significant A1c reductions for uses of our DexCom CGM systems. And perhaps even more telling, we saw a 16% time and range increase for the CGM cohort, which is four additional hours per day spend in the target glucose range. These were results produced with DexCom CGM and DexCom Software. We design the trial with the goal of changing the standard of care for these basal insulin users, a group that we believe includes between 3 million and 4 million people in the U.S alone. With these results, we feel that mobile index com have the potential to do just that. And our team's look forward to driving better awareness and access based on the study outcomes and the JAMA publication. We also made great progress in the second quarter to advance the clinical and regulatory pathway for our next generation G7 CGM system. At ATDD in June, we provided an update on the performance of G7 drawn from our recent clinical trials. Based on the data shown we expect the G7 will continue the excellent clinical and real world performance and reliability that we have established with our G6 brand. And we will do so with several factors that we believe will enhance our customer experience, including a fully disposable sensor and transmitter a redesigned app experience and a market leading 30 minute warm-up period. Our G7 continues to progress according to our plans. During the second quarter, we concluded our U.S clinical trial that will support our ICJM filing, our teams have now shifted to processing the data and working toward preparing the regulatory filing. In addition, we've recently submitted G7 for CE Mark approval. As we previously discussed, we believe that this timing places still on track to begin the G7 launch by the end of 2021. These are incredible achievements and advances from the quarter and I step forward to fulfill the promise presented by our CGM technology. And this is just the beginning. There are several additional areas of progress that Jereme and Queen will discuss based on the great work of our teams in the past several months. So with that said, let me turn it over to Jereme for a review of our second quarter financial performance. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the second quarter of 2021, we reported worldwide revenue of $595 million, compared to $452 million for the second quarter of 2020, representing growth of 32% on a reported basis, and 30% on a constant currency basis. As Kevin noted, this represents a record for absolute dollar growth in a quarter year-over-year. U.S revenue totaled $462 million in the second quarter, compared to $367 million in the second quarter of 2020, representing growth of 26%. Our momentum and market leadership position in the U.S remains strong. And we have been very encouraged with the continued interest in CGM in the marketplace. With the combination of greater depth in our sales force, solid results from our direct-to-consumer marketing campaigns and expanded ability to allow for patients and clinicians to trial the G6 experience, we are beginning to see preliminary results in our effort to further expand our presence into primary care offices and position the company to extend our customer base. International business grew about 58% in the second quarter, totaling $134 million. While the second quarter comp benefited from the impact of COVID on our second quarter 2020 results, we saw good sequential growth momentum as the business once again achieved a new high watermark. The international growth was broad based across all markets, including core markets like Germany, the U.K., Canada, Australia and the Nordic Region. Our shift to the pharmacy channel and sales initiatives in the U.S and our market expansion initiatives internationally, are all progressing according to plan, driving high volume growth in both regions. Volume growth for the second quarter came in around the mid 40% range on a global basis. Perhaps the greatest examples of the international effort during the quarter came from Canada, where we saw public announcements of provincial coverage for G6 from two of the largest Canadian provinces. Quebec, where coverage of G6 was established for people with type 1 diabetes, and British Columbia, which became the first Canadian province to cover G6 for people with type 1 diabetes and intentionally manage type 2 diabetes. These public announcements are representative of our broader strategy to advance access to our technology for people with diabetes. We are leveraging the increasing strength of our operations in driving a meaningful expansion to the total number of patients that we can address via reimbursed pathways. Our second quarter gross profit was $417.1 million or 70.1% of revenue compared to 64.1% of revenue in the second quarter of 2020. We're very proud of the effort that's gone into these results. The 600 basis points of gross margin expansion is another great validation of the growing efficiencies that we've achieved through product design and efficient manufacturing operations. It is these types of efforts that drive the strategic flexibility to expand our addressable market that I just referenced. Operating expenses were $315.6 for Q2 2021, compared to $213 million for Q2 2020. These results reflect what we previously noted in our discussion of our 2021 plans. We have several areas of investment that we are pursuing, which account for the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of sales relative to the second quarter of 2020. These include the costs associated with our expanded field sales force, the pivotal trial in support of our U.S G7 regulatory submission, the G7 manufacturing scale up and global direct-to-consumer marketing. Our strategic investments have also included our efforts to efficiently scale and lower the cost to serve our customers. As we envision a future in which we serve meaningfully more people than we do today. Our global business services operations in Lithuania and the Philippines are key examples of those initiatives that are driving great customer service while leveraging our G&A spend. Operating income was $101.5 million or 17.1% of revenue in the second quarter of 2021, compared to $76.7 million or 17% of revenue in the same quarter of 2020. The 10 basis point year-over-year improvement was driven by strong improvements to our gross margin resulting from the design of our products in the manufacturing efficiencies that come there through. These improvements more than offset the strategic investment that we've made during the year. Adjusted EBITDA was $156.6 million or 26.3% of revenue for the second quarter, compared to $122.6 million or 27.1% of revenue for the second quarter of 2020. Net income for the second quarter was $75.4 million or $0.76 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the second quarter with approximately $2.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents and great financial flexibility to drive our strategic initiatives. Turning to guidance. We continue to expect solid volume growth across all of our regions in the back half of the year with momentum driven by growing CGM awareness globally. Based on our second quarter performance, we are pleased to be in a position to once again raise our full year 2021 revenue guidance. We now expect 2021 revenue to be between $2.35 billion to $2.4 billion, representing growth of 22% to 25% over 2020. This increase comes on top of our expectations for approximately $10 million of unfavorable currency impact in the back half relative to prior guidance. This revenue increase is primarily a reflection of our continued growth momentum as well as the ongoing impact of our channel mix and international access expansion strategies. We will see a greater revenue per patient impact to our existing base from our international access initiatives in the second half of the year. But we continue to expect the incremental volume driven by these efforts to offset those pressures in our base this year alone. More importantly, this will leave us in much better position in the years to come. Turning to margins. We're increasing our full year 2021 targets. This includes non-GAAP results to be approximately at the following levels. Gross profit margins of approximately 67%; operating margins of approximately 14% and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 24%. With that, I will now turn the call over to Quen for a scale and strategy update. 
Quen Blackford: Thank you, Jereme. As Kevin and Jereme indicated, we made great progress on our key strategic initiatives during the second quarter. It is hard not to be excited about the market potential for CGM after seeing the depth of research using DexCom technology at the recent ATDD and ADA industry conferences. We saw well over a dozen presentations from DexCom's insulin delivery partners, highlighting the clinical utility of DexCom integrated systems and DexCom's leadership in the field of interoperable solutions. Outside of the mobile and alert publications that Kevin mentioned. We also saw several presentations from our DexCom team members, as well as independent investigators with outcomes that are very promising for the continued growth of DexCom CGM. In one study presented by our health economics team, we looked at real world evidence documenting the cost savings for a significant number of patients with type two diabetes using G6, including both the intensive insulin therapy and those who are not treated with mealtime insulin. The results were compelling what the magnitude of cost savings generated for the G6 users being nearly identical to the cost savings we've seen in several of our other pilots. This is yet another data point supporting economic benefits associated with the better glucose control for our customers. And we are excited to leverage this growing evidence base into broader access for people with diabetes around the world. We also continue to innovate our software solutions to enable differentiated user experiences that meet the needs of the diverse customer bases that we serve. Most recently, in mid July, we received FDA clearance on a real-time API software solution. This is to our knowledge, one of the first if not the first, real time API clearance in the medical device sector that enables integration with third-party apps. As many of you likely know prior to the clearance of our real-time API, our various digital health partners were limited to the display of CGM data on a three hour delayed basis through our retrospective API. With this new API partners who are now invited by DexCom have the ability to integrate real time DexCom CGM data into the respective apps and devices. This is another great win for our customers, who will now benefit from the ability to see real time glucose levels in a variety of new displays, according to their needs. At the time of the approval, we announced Garmin and Teladoc [indiscernible] Livongo for diabetes program as early users of the new API solution. In addition, Welldoc and UnitedHealthcare's Level 2, are utilizing our real time connectivity solutions in their integrated offerings. This is an exciting innovation for us, and an example of how we are leveraging our leadership and software connectivity to advance our market position in the growing digital health landscape. On the commercial front, we remain well-positioned to drive growth and broader DexCom market penetration in several locations. In addition to the significant access expansion efforts that we began to implement last quarter to enable multiples of growth in our core markets, we are growing our presence in locations that are relatively new to our team. This includes Japan, where we've recently sent our first shipment of G6 systems to a local distributor. Although we have had a minor presence in Japan to the use of our key for professional CGM. These GS systems represent the expanded use of our product to serve people with diabetes with our core ambulatory solution. We're incredibly excited to bring our CGM technology to empower people with diabetes in Japan, and look forward to developing that as a nice growth market for DexCom. In addition to the strong G7 performance data show to ATTD in the clinical and regulatory updates that Kevin provided. Our operations team is continuing according to plan in our G7 manufacturing development and scaling efforts. We have automated lines producing G7 products as we speak, with a steady cadence of additional lines scheduled to be delivered to the back half of this year and throughout 2022. In addition, the vendors in our supply chain are scaling up G7 capabilities alongside us as we sit here today. We will take what we have learned from these automated lines in San Diego and Mesa and use them to quickly replicate and scale and a new manufacturing facility in Malaysia. As we've said before, this effort will be critical to our ability to serve significant customer populations that we think can benefit from our CGM technology. Giving us a clear runway to produce more than 200 million sensors per year, and a much stronger presence in a key growth region for us. Our team is doing a great job to advance our efforts and what continues to be a challenging environment to navigate. because of the impact of the pandemic globally. We are currently building out the manufacturing facility while also scaling our supply chain, putting us on track to be ready for production in 2022. As you can see from our 70% gross margin this quarter, we're making this progress on G7, we are also advancing our efforts towards operational excellence, resulting in even greater improvements and efficiencies to our G6 manufacturing, procurement and distribution capabilities. Overall as I think Kevin and Jeremy would agree. We are very proud of the work of our teams to execute on the ambitious plans that we set forth in 2021. With that, I will pass the call back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Quentin. I agree with that message as we are all very pleased with the progress that we made during the quarter. To be able to raise guidance across the board, including another revenue raise was $65 million added to the midpoint of guidance is a great result for the company. We're excited to continue that momentum into the second half of the year. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time, and then reenter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus. Robbie, go ahead.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. I want to congratulate you guys on a really nice quarter. If I can ask, I think we're all interested in updated G7 approval timing. It sounds like you haven't filed in the U.S yet. And you had a great international number. I'd love if you could provide, just any, any examples or tangible examples of how the expansion of benefit is already helping you and how it might continue to help you the rest of this year and next year. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Well, I'll start with G7. Then I'll let Quentin and Jereme take over the benefit expansion. I mean, with respect to G7 we're very deliberate about what we disclose. We have filed for CE Mark and we are on schedule for that we hit our goal there. And we are now gathering the data from the U.S pivotal study. It was a much larger study than the data it was presented at ATDD. However, the trial was run under actually what we think are improved protocols from what we ran before. So we have no reason not -- to not expect great data. We believe the product will be very robust. We will make sure that we deliver that file in a very pristine manner. We hear a lot of things about FDA delays and things of that nature. We don't want to create delays, it's been our experience over time, and we deliver what the FDA expects, they move very quickly and theyre very cooperative with us. We have no reason to believe the file we're preparing isn't going to meet those expectations, or moving along those lines. So again, with the CE Mark filing, we're on track for an OUS launch later this year. And we'll update you more on the U.S as time goes on.
Robbie Marcus: When?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Robbie, with respect to your question or comments on the OUS business. Look, there was strength really across the board in that entire portfolio of ours. So we're very encouraged by what we're seeing there, primarily on the heels of awareness just continuing to grow. To be honest with you, I don't think we've seen the benefit yet of the increased access that we spoke to, really back in the first quarter and the team has made incredible progress. And working with the payers and negotiating these contracts, I'd say we are through 90% or so of those, all landing in favorable positions where we've probably increased or improved access for nearly a million patients in the first half of the year alone, and thaw OUS business. But the reality is that benefits not going to show up until the back half of the year. So the strength in the second quarter, I wouldn't attribute that to the increased access just yet. But we're very excited about how we're positioned as we go into the back half of the year around those access efforts.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Appreciate the thought.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Hopkins. Bob, go ahead.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. Thank you. Just love your comment on two quick things. First, Clint, I think this is what you're referencing in terms of the access fees. But I just curious if there's any more detail on just how that how, process of the price cuts and negotiating better actions. Just how you feel thats going. I think I apologize if that's kind of what you are referencing with that last question. And then Kevin, I'd love you to just give a quick update on -- just a little more time has passed since the MOBILE trial. Just curious as to kind of what you're hearing from insurance partners or other important parties in terms of the potential impact on that data on facilitating greater reimbursement for a broader range of patients going forward?
Kevin Sayer: Sure. So I'll jump on that first one, Bob. We are talking the exact same thing there. In terms of the fact that we've negotiated or work through the majority of those negotiations through the course of the second quarter. More than 90% or so of them behind us all landing in favorable positions relative to improving the access for the patients reducing the administrative, burdens that were there. So that folks can get on the technology a whole lot easier. So very bullish around where we're at, and creating incremental access for our patients, and how that sets up into the back half of the year. The pricing assumptions have come right in line with what we expected as we were going into it, no surprises there. So from our perspective, all those very positive on that front.
Quen Blackford: And, Bob, with respect to the MOBILE study, obviously, we're very excited about it. Just a little time has passed here. We also have a bunch of other analyses on this data that are coming that will support our position on basal insulin reimbursement for these patients. It's time to get the word out. Now, I think one of the big areas here is going to be CMS discussions down the line because a lot of these patients fall into the Medicare bucket. Haven't done any of that yet, but we are looking forward and we're preparing because this day yet, it's just but we are looking forward. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Johnson: Yes, thanks. Good Afternoon, guys. Yes, just saying on maybe the international side for a second, Jeremy, last quarter, you talked about a 15 million incremental headwind from Quentin's comments. It sounds like maybe those really haven't started to flow in yet. So do we think about that $50 million headwind kind of next 12-month number? Is that how to think about it. And then those initial $200 million headwinds that we kind of were expecting heading into this year, the first quarter kind of straight lined in right at about 50 did it straight line again in the second quarter about the 50 on the US side, and still thinking about the international than 50 over the next 12 months. Thanks, guys.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. So the full year guidance around pricing or channel mix headwinds is still the same. And so the $200 million on what we call the original shift mix primarily in the U.S., It's still the same in the second quarter. It came in a little bit lighter than the first quarter but generally in line and so I think we're seeing that stable and we talked about at the beginning you're being pretty stable throughout the course of the year. To your point on the international incremental headwinds about the access for price conversation that has started its back half loaded. We certainly will have some of those in the first half of next year, as we anniversary, some of those contracts of the $250 million we talked about was really the impact on 2021. And so you'll see the 50 million in the back half of the year, there will be a little of that into 2022. We'll get more into that in the future. But that will happen over a 12 month period.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew O'Brian. Go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew O'Brian: Afternoon, thanks for taking the question. I know traditionally discounts been pretty conservative with their outlook. But I think Jeremy just said the pricing concessions are going to be impactful in the back half. But as I look at the model, the back half of the year as easier comps than the first half, and you just put up a monster Q2, especially in the U.S. So is there something specifically you're trying to call out? As far as incremental pressure in the back half of the year that we should be aware of? Thank you.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. Thanks for the question. Certainly nothing that we're trying to call out. I think when we thought about guidance, we certainly talked about the performance in the first half of the year. And certainly thinking about that patient base and how that plays out for the balance of the year. So that's contemplated in the guidance. And look, we raised the guidance $65 million at the midpoint and $75 million when you exclude the impact of currency. So we've certainly raised it and pass through some of that for the balance of the year. As we think about the back half of the year, we simply don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We talked about the impact, and you pointed out the international access, but there still is COVID out there and the Delta variant is out there. And so rather than increase it and get bullish and get ahead of ourselves, we want to see how it plays through for the balance of the year. We do here and this is out there outside the U.S where primary care physicians are taking their practice, and ultimately using their time to administer vaccinations. While we've done a great job navigating through those thus far this year. We do want to be prudent and make sure that we are contemplating and look if we can deliver more than that, we certainly will and will talk to it if we are able to.
Matthew O'Brian: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Blackman. Go ahead Matthew.
Q - Matthew Blackma: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Jereme, I just was curious about the second half cadence and whether we should be thinking about sort of a typical third quarter or fourth quarter cadence? Or are we sort of at the point or approaching the point where things like increasing pharmacy access may make the year somewhat less for Q weighted, as we've seen historically any help therapy would be appreciate it. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, sure, absolutely happy to take it. So the way to think about Q3 and by default, you'll back into Q4, Q3 generally is not that impacted by changing and shifts and dynamic. In fact, I think for the past few years, you've generally seen it right around that 26% of full year revenue. And we expect the same to happen this year. So I think that'll help you at least think about Q3 and in the balance of the year. We do expect Q4 to have less of a weighting, you saw it in Q1 as a result of the move to the pharmacy where the year gets a little bit less seasonal. I think you'll expect the same in Q4 where you don't have folks in the DME channel rushing to meet benefits. So I do think you'll see -- as we've talked about before, as we make move -- more move -- more and more moves to the pharmacy, less heavy weighting on Q4 and less lightweighting on Q1 and start to move out of that seasonality. But hopefully I give you some context. Q3 in the near-term, we do expect Q3 to mirror that of prior periods, which is generally in that 26% seasonality.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor. Go ahead, Matt.
Matt Taylor: Thank you. So I wanted to ask one on the margins here. I guess the way I'll ask it is you showed significant progress. Quentin, you talked about a lot of the scaling and automation activities you're doing in these facilities. Has the results that you've had so far and be able to raise guidance changed your view on the longer term potential for margins at all to the positive versus the LRP?
Quen Blackford: Yes, what I would say is, look, our confidence level continues to increase and our ability to keep it in that mid 60s range that we've guided to long-term. Is there the opportunity to take it north of there over time? If so you can bet on it that we're going to flow that through and give that up if possible. But look, we're in the midst of evaluating a lot of different potential business models. As you look at the whole type 2 non-intensive space as it opens up. We're looking at the international business continue to expand in a significant way. Pharmacy access continues to grow. All of these things are going to continue to put a bit of pressure on the gross margin profile. But if you saw the way that we were able to take cost out of the product from a design perspective and improve the process efficiencies around manufacturing this, your confidence level only increases and where we can keep that gross margin over time. So we're incredibly excited by what we're seeing, a lot of that doesn't contemplate the fact that over time, you probably see us move into a 15 day where cycle on the product itself, and so there's significant benefits that come there also. So, again, a bit back to Jeremy's point earlier, this is not an area that we're going to get ahead of ourselves. But we feel like we have the flexibility we need to really get after the market opportunities that present themselves and still deliver a very attractive gross margin profile in this business.
Matt Taylor: Great. Thanks for the comments and congrats on a good result.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor. Go ahead, Margaret.
Margaret Kaczor : Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the real time APIs, you guys got approval for and it seems like to me like it could be one of the next evolutions for the business. So I was curious if you could talk to us how important it is today versus three years from now. What it can facilitate both clinically and commercially. And I guess just to round it out, what's been the reaction from the potential partners to the API so far?
Quen Blackford: So maybe I'll start with the reaction. The reaction has been incredibly positive, I think folks understand and desire to see the real time information coming into their tools and being able to put that into the hands of the patients, the more real time that information is, the more reactive the patient can be to that information and improve their outcomes over time. And I think, we're incredibly bullish in the sense that we believe we have the capability in a platform to build these tools off of. And that's exactly where we want to be, we want to provide as much input to these tools as we possibly can and work with as many partners as possible. I think from the very beginning, we've always had a bit of a different approach to the value of information, data and software in particular. And what you're seeing play out right now is part of that vision that we've had there and the approval of the real time API, we've invested heavily in the ability to produce this capability. We understand the importance of interoperability, the importance of putting information in the hands of the patients. That's who DexCom is. And you're going to continue to see us invest in that area and really use it as a differentiator. In terms of how that evolves into the future and, is there opportunity to create value in that, monetization of the data stream or the real time API, those are all things will evaluate over time. That's not our strategy today. Today, it's all about improving outcomes for patients that's going to show up in the way of incremental sensor sales over time. And we're very happy with that approach. But it leaves us with some great flexibility.
Margaret Kaczor: Great, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Go ahead, [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Congratulations on a good quarter. I know you've talked about the OUS quantity 7 here in the back half. And just curious if you could put some context on expectations for how would you think about that launch? And which countries if youre willing to share that and you've also got probably 40 to 50 million G6 sensors that you're making a year. And just curious what you're going to do with that G6 capacity as G7 launches?
Kevin Sayer: That's a great question. I'll take that one. We're not going to give you color on the specific countries, because we don't want to -- for competitive reasons, we don't release the playbook. But we are on track for that. And as we look going forward, it is a very interesting question for us and one for us to debate. How do we use our G6 capacity while we're bringing up G7 lines at the same time, because the two don't intersect. We believe we'll have a market for G6 for quite some time. While we're going to do a global launch and go very quickly, there will be places where G7 isn't going to be available immediately. Our partners are going to take a while to catch up on the automated insulin delivery side. We're working with them now on G7, but we've got it, we've still got some G6 for him to go there. And there's some countries where we aren't yet or some geographies where we need to get started where we can offer G6 in those areas while we sell G7 in others. So we are planning this. It's one of our areas of great debate. And I think we'll manage as best we can. We won't be bashful about taking down GE six lines of G7 is ready to go and is the home run we think it's going to be and we've got several in fairness, Quentin and his operating relations team, along with our R&D guys have developed some absolutely spectacular manufacturing methods for G7. They can give us a tremendous amount of flexibility to expand there very, very quickly and very thoughtfully. So we'll monitor that very, very closely. That's a really good question and something we think about a lot here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy. Go ahead, Danielle.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I'll echo everyone's congrats on a really strong quarter. I'm not sure who this question is for, but it's on the DTC initiatives, you guys had a very successful Super Bowl ad campaign. Just curious if there's any way to quantify what you're seeing from a return perspective yet. I mean, this quarter, what seems exceptionally strong to me, I'm wondering if we're seeing any benefit from that not sure if you can even tell? Or if you can tell us. But if so, we'd love to hear even qualitative feedback there. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. Yes, we'll take that question. And I think there's probably two data points that we can give you that will help you -- get your arms around, the feedback we're seeing. First off, Q2 was a record quarter for new patient adds. So we're continuing to see record new patient adds, no doubt in many ways driven by the work we're doing around DTC and Sales force as well as samples. So I think youve got certainly a data point, that's helpful. The other piece is, is over the past 18 months, we've doubled the active prescribers of our product. And no doubt as we get out and get into the field and see endocrinologists, but also primary care physicians, the work we're doing around expanding that access has yielded really incredible benefits for the amount of prescribers that are out there that are one aware and two prescribing our product. I think those two things are just clear indications of the investments we're making in the awareness in the DTC, in the sales force is paying off. And hopefully that gives you some context, of course, looking at the quarter's revenue performance also helps as well. So those all data points, I think, really give you some color as to why we think it's still an incredible investment and why we think the returns still are some of the best in the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford. Go ahead, Jayson.
Jayson Bedford: Thanks. Just a quick one. I wanted to get back to the gross margin line of questioning. What weighs on gross margin in the second half of the year to get to 67 for the year. Is it international pricing? Is the buildup of Malaysia? And just if you can comment on, it seems like a large portion of these costs may be transitory. Any color there would be helpful.
Kevin Sayer: Sure. Yes, so there's two that are the biggest. The first one is some of the international pricing. You're correct. Does some of that plays through -- we'll have a little bit of pressure on margin. The other one is the launch of G7. When we launched G7, those lines won't be at full capacity. And they won't be at full yields. Just like when we launched G6, and we launched some of the automation around G6, it took a little bit of time to work through some of the kinks on these automated lines. And while we still expect incredible output out -- right out the gate, that's going to cost us a little bit more. And so I think what you're seeing is some of the international access, but then when we launched G7 and those lines start to appreciate the cost of producing those in that shorter period are going to be a little bit higher. To your question is that transitory, all the work that the team is doing around the capability of manufacturing at high capacity as well as high yields, all of that will bounce back and play through. And if this quarter is any demonstration of how good they are, you can see the margins that you see this quarter have shown that this team does an incredible job of yielding out these lines over time. And we expect that to turn around with G7 into the future. But there will be some time as we launched G7 as we get those lines up and running, where there will be a little bit of weight just similar to what we had with G6 that we're going to have to navigate through. But again, I think we're still super bullish on the capability and we're super proud of the team and really expecting that team to do an incredible job as we launched G7.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch. Go ahead, Joanne.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you and nice quarter. Two questions. Was there any stocking in the quarter either in the U.S or the OUS market? And then you gave us sort of a blended volume price number. Could you sort of parse that out for the U.S and for the International sales dynamic? Thank you.
Quen Blackford: Yes, so there was no stocking in the quarter, nothing out of the normal. Everybody was at normal levels. In terms of your question on a blended number, I'm not sure what you're referring to. Certainly, we have a price dynamic of around the $250 million. When we say price, it's really more channel. But we want to make sure we're very clear. It's really that shift in channel as well as the international access. We also talked about unit volumes. And I'm not sure if you're referencing that, but our unit volumes on the quarter the growth year-over-year were in the mid 40% range. And so certainly a strong unit volume growth quarter. So hopefully that answers your question. And if you have any other certainly follow-up, we can happy to be -- happy to clarify.
Joanne Wuensch: Actually it's the unit volume number that mid 40%, that's what I want to call a blended number. What is that number in the U.S and international?
Quen Blackford: We don't break it out. That's our global number. But we can tell you that the growth on unit volume was strong in both the U.S and outside the U.S.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Lichtman. Go ahead, Steve.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Kevin, you talked about momentum in intensive type 2. Where do you think U.S penetration into that market can go over the next few years? Or are there any hurdles to drive penetration? Or are you feeling good now where awareness and payer coverage are continuing to drop penetration there?
Kevin Sayer: We feel very good about coverage we have there. On the commercial side, it's up over 80% of the intensive type 2 patients now covered for commercial payers plus the Medicare coverage. So we have that it covers a number of these patients already. So access for these patients isn't going to be a problem. It's now all about awareness. We went and double the size of our sales force at the beginning of this year. So we get access to more primary care physicians who do see a lot of the insulin using type 2 patients. And we've seen great results from that team. We've had a huge increase in the number of prescribers of our product over the course of this year. So that is a big win. For us it's about getting to him and explain to him what technology is available. We think this market will be every bit as penetrated as type 1 at some point in time. We view it as a very strong opportunity.
Steven Lichtman: Okay. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone. Go ahead, Anthony.
Anthony Petrone: Great. Thanks. Congratulations. Great quarter and hope everyone's doing well on the team. Maybe a quick one on Malaysia and G7. Is it safe to assume G7 will exclusively be manufactured out of there? And if so, what does that mean for the margin of that product? And then maybe a quick update on the integrated device partnerships, Control-IQ, and eventually Omnipod 5, just how you see those partnerships and those product cycles evolving over the next 24 months. Thank you.
Quen Blackford: Yes, I'll speak to the Malaysia question. Kevin, will jump on the last part of that. With respect to Malaysia, it will not be exclusive -- G7 will not be exclusive to that location. We will start with G7 here in the States, both in San Diego and Mesa. As a matter of fact, lines are there as we speak and will continue to ramp up there into the back part of this year and into next year as well. As Malaysia comes online and the buildings up out of the ground, and we've validated the clean room and the capability there will begin to build out the G7 capability there as well. So we'll have G7 in both locations over time. That's going to give us an opportunity to produce north of 200 million sensors all together. And when you think about the distribution of those sensors, and where they're going both in the U.S and internationally speaking, I think it makes a lot of sense to continue to have that capability here in the States as well in Malaysia, particularly when you start to look at the logistical distribution costs associate with moving that product around in the volumes that we're talking. So it will exist in both locations. I do think over time, the lower cost profile will come out of that Malaysia business. That's a big part of the value proposition there. But that's going to let us serve a lot of those international markets very effectively and efficiently.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, and with respect to the integrated systems, we're very excited for these opportunities. I actually made it out in the field last week. There is a whole bunch of pent-up demand for Omnipod 5. People are very ready for it. They've been ready for it for a long time and we're looking forward to that day as well on the Tandem side. We know they're working on new products and have new projects. I think the best thing I can talk about with Tandem is, just a recent story. I got a note on my computer. Somebody wanted to give me a Facebook message and it was person who told me it's been 22 years on Medtronic systems and is now on Tandem Control-IQ with DexCom and he has never been healthier never had a lower A1c. Never had better, he said my whole life has changed because this system is amazing. So we believe the integrated systems driven by DexCom sensors are game changers. People get accurate sensors, information that can take these sophisticated algorithms and make proper decisions. We're very bullish and optimistic on both these opportunities going forward. Very excited.
Anthony Petrone: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ravi Misra. Go ahead, Ravi.
Ravi Misra: All right. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the DexCom API, can you talk a little bit about how you chose some of the partners that you're working with? I understand Livongo [ph], of course, but with Garmin [ph] and then just more on that. Just walk us through kind of how you envision this being separate or integrated with CLARITY in the future? Just curious why this is for industry rather than kind of providers itself? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin, I'll handle the CLARITY piece. With the live API, the patient still has to run the DexCom app in the background. So the data will go straight to CLARITY and it will be there as is now. The better question is will we ever have a CLARITY type system for those who don't have the same needs as intensive insulin users. And I think over time, you'll see us migrate our tools to that platform. Hence, you heard these guys talk about software investments over the last half of the year. And as we look at 2022, we see the same. We're quickly becoming a software company in addition to a sensor company. It's very exciting there. Quentin, do you want to talk 
Quen Blackford: Yes, in terms of the partners, I mean, you think about the Teladoc Livongo's diabetes program, the UnitedHealth, the Welldoc and Garmin, these are partners that we've had established relationships with in the past. There is a little bit of integration work that goes into providing the real time API and the connection into their systems. These were the easy ones out of the gate that really sync up with and get programs going with. But I think the important thing is we want to be a foundation that we can provide this sort of information into many programs out there, and really improve the outcomes for the patients themselves. And I don't think we can be better positioned to be able to do that right now. So incredibly thrilled with where it's at, and expect more partners to be lining up.
Operator: And our next question comes from Marie Thibault. Go ahead, Marie.
Marie Thibault: Thank you. Congrats on a nice quarter and thanks for the time today. Just a quick follow-up, I think on the comments around the sales force. I know that you doubled the sales force this year. So just want to get an update on where they are in their productivity ramp. I know we typically think of at least 6 to 9 months to get to a more normal productivity level. So would love to hear kind of a status update on that. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: I think you're right on target. It does take about 6 to 9 months for everybody to get to speed. The one thing we are saying, if I can just give you one trend though, is we try and expand our coverage into the PCP offices where we haven't been before. It's a lot of work. We haven't been there. And as we knock on doors, it's taken these guys a while to get appointments. Once they get in, we're finding the physicians do not know a whole lot about DexCom. And if anything, we totally validated our assumptions. In this expansion, we had to get out there, we had to get more feet on the street and more faces to be as competitive as we want it to and to achieve our goals.
Marie Thibault: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from [indiscernible]. Go ahead.
Kyle Rose: This is actually Kyle Rose on from Canaccord. So just one of the -- obviously, you made some big investments on the commercial side this year, with DTC doubling the sales force and the trialing. So I just was trying to understand, if you had to call up maybe one of those as a bigger driver rather than the other, which one would it be? Just trying to understand how far into realizing some of the productivity gains from the sales force we might really be seeing from the primary care channel.
Quen Blackford: Yes, I can take that. So, at first, there's -- these all really needed to be done in conjunction. But the immediate one that you get returns on is, obviously, awareness. And awareness comes in many forms and factors, but clearly through DTC. I think at this point, they all go hand in hand because you're making folks aware, you're getting out into the physician's office, you're making the physician aware certainly through your rep and through the Hello DexCom program, people are getting the opportunity to trial it. And so we all -- we did them all together. So maybe early out the gate, DTC was the immediate shot in the arm, but at this point, they're all really contributing in conjunction. And so that's the way we think about it. Over the longer haul, you think that feet on the street are going to be incredibly important as these physicians need to have relationships with folks in conjunction with all the other offerings that we provide. We have to validate that over time, Kevin referenced it was we get in front of these doctors, we're educating them, but the way I think about it as DTC was the immediate more quick return. But I think at this point, they're all contributing equally.
Operator: And we have no more questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back to Kevin Sayer, for closing comments.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much. And thank you everybody for participating in and listening to our earnings report today. In summary, this was a quarter of tremendous accomplishment. Just under $600 million in revenue for this quarter with our highest ever absolute revenue and dollar increase when compared to the previous year's quarter. Our worldwide field and access expansion efforts are working exactly the way we planned. Positioning is very well for the rest of 2021 and beyond. 70% gross margins during a period of continued plan annual revenue per patient reductions to increase global access for all diabetes customers, new record operating income during a period of increased investment and what I believe is the most robust product pipeline we've ever had. G7 progress continues. Very important measurable milestones have been achieved on schedule this quarter. And there's nothing like being around here as we approach a deadline. It is just energizing. Other projects here made great progress as well. And finally, we are laying the groundwork for our future growth with irrefutable fact based clinical evidence. This technology will have a major impact in health care all over the world. Thanks, everybody and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later well conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to DexComs first quarter 2021 earnings call. Our agenda begins with; Kevin Sayer, DexComs Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of our progress, followed by a financial review and outlook from; Jereme Sylvain, our Chief Financial Officer, and then a update from Quen Blackford, our Chief Operating Officer, on the Companys strategic initiatives and scaling progress. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, lets review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements, are detailed in DexComs annual report on Form 10-K, most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Today, we reported strong first quarter results with total revenue growth of 25% over the first quarter of 2020. As I often tell our employees, our ability to thrive as a company ultimately comes down to solving significant problems with a great product. And that is what we continue to see with G6. We hear incredible stories of improved glucose control, reduced disease burden and people being empowered and those responses have only increased as we've enhanced tools to better drive our customer experiences. These stories are coming from multiple sources as well. Whether it is coming from G6 users or their family members, who are gaining better control of their glucose levels to real-time data or clinicians, who are empowered by the ability to gather unique insights into the diabetes treatment of their type 1 or type 2 patients and optimize therapy accordingly. And even new settings, like nurses and doctors in the inpatient setting, who are deploying CGM and learning about its potential to optimize workflows and benefit from our remote monitoring technology. New customer additions are off to a great start in 2021, especially in the U.S., as we continue to see growth across all channels, building from the increased access that we've gained over the past several years. This includes continued traction for people with Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 intensively managed diabetes, both of which have continued the strong growth momentum that we've seen over the past couple of years. We're also seeing a growing number of Type 2 non-intensive customers on G6, not only through our partnerships like UnitedHealthcare's Level 2 program, but also including the other innovative programs and providers that are establishing early access to DexCom CGM. We're also progressing our strategic commercial efforts, with the remainder of our commercial sales force expansion completed in the first quarter and our direct-to-consumer marketing efforts, generating new levels of brand awareness. The Super Bowl commercial featuring Nick Jonas was a highlight for the company in the first quarter. We were able to generate significant excitement for our employees and customers, many of whom have sent us pictures and stories of their pride and feeling represented during one of the biggest annual events in the world. We also contribute to a broader conversation in the diabetes community that we hope will help facilitate broader access to CGM in the future. The ad drove a record number of visitors to our website, a record for single-day new customer leads and significantly more media impressions than we generated in all of 2020. And we are confident that there will be ongoing benefits that will come from the ad. In fact, according to the independent Harris Poll, DexCom led all Super Bowl advertisers in brand equity growth. Overall, it was a great investment for the company, and I'm really proud of our team for pulling it together. Our commercial efforts also include a strong push from our teams to expand access to DexCom CGM technology internationally, both deeper in existing markets as well into new geographies. With DexCom in the strongest inventory position in the company's history as a result of our scaling initiatives, we are aggressively advocating for broader access to our G6 systems for people with Type 1 diabetes and intensively managed Type 2 diabetes, similar to what we have done here in the United States. Since we last reported in February, we have received confirmation from three additional Canadian provinces that they will begin covering DexCom CGM. This is a great step forward in expanding access for people with diabetes. There is significant demand from customers and clinicians, and we are optimistic that we will continue this positive momentum in Canada with both the public and private payers over the coming months. In certain reimbursed markets, we are proactively lowering price to significantly expand access to incremental customer populations. This positions us well to continue to grow sensor volume significantly now and into the future, and we believe the incremental volumes will more than offset the impact of price in the near-term. In conjunction with our commercial initiatives and the growing CGM category awareness, we are advancing the clinical and regulatory path for our next-generation G7 CGM system. As a reminder, we expect G7 to improve all aspects of the current customer experience offered with G6 in a disposable wearable that is less than half the size. We are working to compare the submission for CE Mark in accordance with the new medical device reporting standard in the EU. At this point, we remain on track for our target launch of G7 in the second half of 2021. We also plan to present preliminary data on G7 performance at the upcoming ATTD conference in early June. Our trial that will support our U.S. ICGM filing is also well underway. And we have received outstanding feedback from the investigators and patients involved. We expect to complete that trial in the current quarter, and we'll keep you updated as we progress towards regulatory approvals and launch. Even as we advance our strategic plans and have seen continued customer growth over the past year, the evidence of the global pandemic remains with us. We continue to navigate certain closures and territories that have seen cases spike, and our team remains focused on the three priorities that we have emphasized throughout the past year: the health and safety of our employees, continued supply of our customers and service to our communities. Towards this end, we were pleased to recently work with the State of Arizona, to open the first indoor mass vaccination facility in Arizona, to help the community as it transitions to the heat of the summer months. This facility rests within our Mesa distribution facility and has the capacity to support several thousand appointments per day. I am proud to lead a company whose employees are so dedicated to the service of our customers and willing to think creatively about what it means to be a leader in the communities that we serve. As we come back to first quarter results, I want to welcome a new voice to our earnings call, though hes familiar to many of you already. Last month, we announced the promotion of Jereme Sylvain to the role of Chief Financial Officer and I'm pleased to have Jereme joined Quentin and I for his first DexCom earnings call this afternoon. Jereme?
Jereme Sylvain: Thank you, Kevin. I'm excited to be with you today and in the new role as we advance our work together for people with diabetes. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found on today's earnings release, as well as on our IR website. For the first quarter of 2021, we reported worldwide revenue of $505 million, compared to $405 million for the first quarter of 2020, representing growth of 25% on a reported basis and 23% on a constant currency basis. This is our seventh consecutive quarter of revenue growth of $100 million or more. Impressively, our revenue performance came against our toughest quarterly comparison in 2020, for both our U.S. and international businesses, as the first quarter of 2020 was largely unaffected by the COVID-19 pandemic. We also saw nearly 40% global unit volume growth in the quarter, demonstrating the continued customer growth in the business. U.S. revenue totaled $381 million for the first quarter, compared to $292 million for the first quarter in 2020, representing growth of 30%. Our U.S. business was the primary driver of growth in the first quarter, with our commercial efforts in rising CGM awareness, driving solid volumes and an acceleration from our fourth quarter growth percentage. We believe that we are well positioned to continue this momentum. Our DTC efforts are driving awareness of DexCom CGM. We have new connected systems coming to market that build from years of collaborative work with our partners and we have an expanded field sales force, equipped with the products that our customers love. Our international business reached another quarterly high watermark, with a revenue of $124 million, or 10% growth on a reported basis compared to the first quarter of 2020. As we saw in the final three quarters of 2020, the impact of COVID-19 lockdowns has had a greater impact on new customer growth in certain international markets, which has a compounding effect on our reoccurring revenue model. Nevertheless, we delivered growth against our toughest quarterly comp of 2020, where international revenue grew 61% before the pandemic. We continue to see strong growth across a number of our markets, particularly in countries where the administrative requirements to access CGM are minimized via our e-commerce channel or via broad reimbursement. As many of you have seen, we've successfully reduced our manufacturing costs and intentionally increased sensor production capacity. Through these manufacturing efficiencies and increased capacity, we are no longer restricted to focusing on high-risk, high-reimbursement populations. With this increased commercial flexibility, we are executing on our strategy to broaden access to our CGM technology by pushing deeper into existing markets we previously could not address. Through the incremental volumes generated by these efforts, we believe we will offset any near-term price impact while better positioning the company for long-term growth. Our first quarter gross profit was $343.9 million, or 68.1% of revenue compared to 63.9% of revenue in the first quarter of 2020. The fact that we are driving margin expansion, despite absorbing the channel mix impact associated with the acceleration of our U.S. business to the pharmacy channel is a testament to the work of our teams to drive down material and production costs. Operating expenses were $297.5 million for the first quarter of 2021, compared to $215.4 million for the first quarter of 2020. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of sales in the first quarter of 2021 is a result of several of the key initiatives that we outlined in our original 2021 guidance in February. This includes our expanded commercial efforts with the doubling of our U.S. sales force and increase global DTC marketing efforts, both reflected in the quarterly results. In addition, the first quarter research and development expense includes costs associated with our large U.S. ICGM trial for G7, which will continue into the second quarter as we generate the data necessary to support our regulatory filing. Offsetting those strategic investments, we continue to gain leverage in our general and administrative expenses in the quarter demonstrating the benefits of our scaling initiatives. To that end, as we've previously indicated, we have launched a global business services facility in Lithuania, which is now officially live in servicing our customers. Operating income was $46.4 million or 9.2% of revenue in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $43.3 million or 10.7% of revenue in the same quarter of 2020, with 150 basis point decrease resulting from our strategic investments offset by our gross margin improvement. Adjusted EBITDA was $94.4 million or 18.7% of revenue for the fourth quarter, compared to $77.8 million or 19.2% of revenue for the first quarter of 2020. Net income for the first quarter was $32.8 million or $0.33 per share. We remain in a great financial position, closing the first quarter with more than $2.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents and well-positioned to continue our G7 scale-up and remain opportunistic as we look to expand our growth opportunities. Turning to guidance. We expect some impact to new customer starts to continue during the ongoing global vaccine rollout, particularly in certain international markets as well as continued higher than usual volumes in our U.S. Medicaid channel as the economy recovers. With the strong first quarter performance, as well as the currency benefit that we saw in the first quarter and continue to anticipate, we are pleased to be in a position to raise our full year 2021 revenue guidance. We now expect 2021 revenue to be between $2.26 billion to $2.36 billion, representing growth of 17% to 22% over 2020. This growth continues to factor in strong unit growth volumes, which are offsetting the impact of lower revenue per customer channels and our recent efforts to broaden access to G6 in international markets as well as the impact of currency. Turning to margins. We are affirming the full year 2021 targets previously established on our fourth quarter call. This includes non-GAAP results to be approximately at the following levels; gross profit margins of approximately 65%, operating margins of approximately 13%. We continue to expect that adjusted EBITDA margins to be approximately 23%. And finally, as you may have noticed, from a tax perspective, we have transitioned to profitability and we'll have a tax rate applicable to earnings going forward. Our expectation [Technical Difficulty] turn the call over to Quen for a scale and strategy update.
Quen Blackford: Thank you, Jereme. It's been a pleasure to work alongside Jeremy for the last seven years of our careers, and I am thrilled for him as he now steps into the CFO role. I look forward to watching you and take this next step in his career and look forward to the many contributions that he'll make in his new role, while also excited by the opportunity to turn my attention much more broadly to our strategic and scaling efforts across the organization. Our teams remain incredibly focused on our strategic initiatives and are making great progress on several fronts. As Kevin mentioned, we are advancing our regulatory and clinical efforts for G7 and will present the first set of G7 data at the upcoming ATTD conference in early June. As we press forward toward our G7 goals, we are making steady progress in our effort to scale G7 manufacturing to support our launches and the continued growth of our global customer base. In the near-term, this includes the lines that we are building in our San Diego and Mesa, Arizona facilities. We've also broken ground on our manufacturing site in Malaysia, which we expect to enable us to significantly scale our G7 production capacity to serve meaningfully more customers as we continue to grow our business in the years to come. Even with G7 on the horizon, we remain committed to building on the leading customer experience that we have established for users of our G6 system. Following the December regulatory approval in the US, we rolled out an update to the G6 algorithm in the first quarter. We believe this update will drive further reductions to times in which data is temporarily unavailable and have seen excellent results from the initial launch of this updated algorithm in Canada in 2020. These are the kinds of incremental improvements that we are always looking to provide, and they are contributing to our strong customer retention and satisfaction levels reflected in our industry-leading Net Promoter Scores. On the insulin delivery front, we were encouraged to see the great results from the Omnipod 5 pivotal trial presented at ENDO 2021, and look forward to the upcoming launch of that system for our DexCom customers using the Omnipod pump. With this launch in Omnipod's differentiated patch pump form factor, as well as tandem's continued market traction with their Dexcom-connected Control-IQ, we believe that we are very well positioned to continue to benefit from the growing appreciation for these automated insulin delivery systems. Similarly, we continue to advance our development with Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, and more recently, Ypsomed, leaving us in a strong position in future years as people with diabetes stand to benefit from greater variety in their choices for Bluetooth-connected insulin delivery options that integrate DexCom CGM. We've discussed the excellent first quarter performance in our US IIT market, as well as some of the key strategic initiatives that we are undertaking to expand access in our international markets. We are also making excellent progress in our effort to drive the third pillar of near-term growth that we highlighted at our 2020 Investor Day, the non-intensive type 2 market. As we've mentioned before, we are taking multichannel approach to enabling access to DexCom CGM in the absence of widespread reimbursement. This involves direct work with payers, digital health programs, health care providers, and integrated networks as well as the patients themselves. The early rollout of Level2 is progressing well, as we continue to see that program expand and our teams are working well with the United Healthcare team to optimize the experience for members using our G6 system as part of that program. We also worked with several partners to expand their use of G6 in their respective type 2 populations in the first quarter. This includes the initiation of commercial pilots with Teladoc Health's Livongo for Diabetes platform, as well as with Welldoc. Everside Health also announced that it will offer G6 to its members with type 2 diabetes in its health staff business unit, and we are proceeding there now in a pilot phase. This relationship builds from our initial work with Healthstat over the previous two years, including the use of DexCcom CGM in a pilot for health screenings at on-site clinics. Each of these relationships is expanding the pool of customers who can access our technology while generating evidence of the utility of DexCom CGM for the broader type 2 market that we believe will drive access and awareness in the future. Beyond these core growth initiatives, our teams continue to advance innovative research and product development that we feel will contribute to long-term growth for DexCom. This includes the hospital market, where we are generating data via our patient registry and receiving great feedback as many hospitals across America continue to take advantage of the FDA's temporary allowance to DexCom CGM in the inpatient setting during the pandemic. This also includes several clinical studies assessing the use of DexCom CGM for better management of gestational diabetes, a solution that we believe can enhance the outcomes for both the mother and the child. And finally, we continue to access next-generation technologies that we believe can build from the sensor platform that we've established with G6 and G7. We look forward to updating you as we progress. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Quintin. As you can see, we're off to a great start to the year and working hard to execute on the strategic pathway that we've laid out for 2021. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question this time and reenter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. So well now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Let me -- I'll put it into a multi-part question, I guess. But Kevin, I think it's officially one question. But on the channel mix headwinds that we've been talking about here in the last six to eight quarters or so, is it still fair to be thinking around $200 million, plus or minus, this year, and given the exit rate from 4Q of 2020, still fair to think a little bit of that as front-end loaded? And then when I look at your 30% U.S. growth, it would seem like, if I ex out the channel headwinds, the pricing headwinds there, volumes must have grown well north of 40%. So if you could just kind of confirm that from a pricing versus volume mix in 1Q U.S. number, that would be helpful as well. Thanks, guys.
Kevin Sayer: Jereme will take that one, Jeff.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes, Jeff. So to your question on what the channel mix headwinds are, we'll just tell you what the numbers were for the quarter. It was about $50 million for the quarter. And if you recall, we talked about it being a little bit more straight-lined over the course of 2021 due to comps. The one thing we have talked about, Kevin referred to it on the call as did I, is that we are going to be a little more aggressive in international markets. And so because of that, we're raising what we call channel mix/pricing headwinds to about $250 million on the year. And that obviously takes into account the aggressive steps we've taken outside the U.S. In terms of your question in terms of growth and unit volume, we talked about unit volume approaching 40% on a global basis. When you take the channel mix headwinds, we talked about, you are correct. The U.S. unit volume growth was well in excess of that, obviously, being the stronger point of the quarter from a growth perspective. So you are seeing that performance on the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much. Can I go back to what you just said, please? To be clear, the $50 million in the quarter, how much of that was U.S. versus OUS?
Quen Blackford: Yes. So, Joanne, we generally don't break down the two. What we did talk about was $50 million is the global now. A majority of that has traditionally been the channel mix from pharmacy or from DME into pharmacy. But when we give that number, we give a global number. So that was $50 million globally on the quarter, again, heavily weighted U.S.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. I'm going to sneak one more because that was a clarification. Is there any reason that it's not possible for G7 to be in the U.S. by the end of this year?
Kevin Sayer: We're not giving any G7 timelines other than we will launch it by the end of the year. As I said in the earlier portion of our remarks, our U.S. pivotal study will conclude this quarter, and then we'll file. We're working on our filing in Europe under MDR rules for CE Mark, and we'll go from there. Time will tell, but everything is going well. We're happy with the progress of the product. We're extremely happy with the feedback we've gotten from clinicians and patients. In fact, one clinician called me this morning in between our prep for this call to tell me how great the product was. So we're very happy with it, but we're not going to give any other timelines on what we have so far.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Congrats on nice quarter, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to talk about the guidance raise. It was more than the beat you had in the first quarter. So maybe walk us through your new patient assumptions and what's driving that U.S. versus OUS. And if you could comment at all on how the early trends of the Super Bowl and increased DTC spend and sales force doubling has benefited the company so far and what to expect in 2021? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yeah. So we can walk you through it. The guidance raise was approximately $25 million of it was currency. So we referenced some of the foreign currency tailwinds associated with the other half was related to volume growth, expected both in the first quarter and on the balance of the year. In terms of what we saw, in terms of new patient adds in the first quarter, new patient adds were slightly ahead of expectations. And so that's really -- as we look to the balance of the year, certainly, those repeat customers, obviously, play through in the balance of revenue for the year. And so we've added that to the guidance. We still are bullish on the year. We still expect to have a very strong year. I think there was any question there. And I think if you see the performance in the U.S. result, I think you're obviously seeing a lot of  to your second question, a lot of the DTC, a lot of the Super Bowl ads as well as the new sales force ads starting to really play through, not to mention the fact that we have a sampling program that's out there that is starting to allow folks to trial the product, which we think is garnering interest as well. So that's all been contemplated in the guidance as we lay it out. And I think what you'd say is for the balance of the year, I do think you are seeing the momentum continue to support raising what we raised it by.
Quen Blackford: And Robbie, I would just  the one thing I'd add to that is, as Jereme laid out in the prepared remarks, our decision on the international markets with respect to opening up access, I do expect you're going to see that new patient number continue to perform very nicely in the back half of the year as we're accessing markets that are five to six times larger than what we had coming into the year in some of these markets. So very excited about where that new patient number potentially goes to.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just a follow-up on the pricing commentary. The $200 million to $250 million is obviously a pretty meaningful increase. We've got Libre 3 over in Germany now. You're talking about being more aggressive in terms of lowering pricing. OUS, I think, for more access. I mean, does that  is it a function of Libra 3? You're trying to be aggressive in front of a more broad launch there with G6 over there? Is that a reason why you're increasing the pricing concessions right now? And then what does that say about when three comes to the US? And how can G7 kind of offset that?
Kevin Sayer: We've not made our decisions based on Libre 3, Matt. We've looked at what we accomplished in the US here, what we've done is we've increased access by going to the pharmacy channel by looking at Medicare approval, for example, which came in at a lower price than what our DME price was before. As we've set up, Medicaid pricing structures in the US that are yet once again a pricing structure lower than what we had before, but to increase access to a number of patients. We then have looked at our OUS business in several of our key geographies and said, you know what, our access is not broad enough. Our access is very much focused on very intensively managed type 1s, oftentimes just children or adults with pumps or adults with an incredibly bad hypoglycemia awareness or something along those lines. And it's more important to us to reach more patients. So we've taken the strategy we've used in the US, and we're deploying it in other places as well to increase our access. We won't let Libre 3 drive our decisions. We'll drive our own.
Quen Blackford: I think one important thing to note there is the pricing point. It's always been part of our global pricing strategy and the level that we're going to is still very much in line with where we're at in the US pharmacy channel, to be honest with you. So we're just stepping down as we've had inventory availability now. We're in the best position we've ever been in from that perspective. We know we got to reduce the burdens to get on the product. We're in a position now to continue to execute against that global pricing strategy. So this is very much part of where we were heading. It doesn't create risk elsewhere globally. Like I mentioned, it's right in line with our US pharmacy pricing if you get into the comps. So excited about what this has a potential to create for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thank you and good afternoon. I just wanted to ask a question on G7. I was wondering if you could comment on two things. First thing, I just want to clarify, when do you expect to file CE Mark in Europe? I thought that was something that was going to happen or might have happened already. And then secondly, I was wondering if you just could comment on the upcoming data that we're going to see on G7, just maybe help give us a sense of just what we're going to see and how meaningful it might be? And just a little bit more detail there would be great. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Well, G7, we have not filed yet. We will file it in the not-too-distant future. We want to  we need all our ducks in a row. For example, we want to file both the Android and the iOS app at the same time, not file one and then do another filing. So making sure our software is validated and verified is really one of the bigger tasks. The clinical data is in, and we're ready with that part of the filing, and we've had direct discussions with our authorities over there, and we feel we're in good shape. But we'll file when we're ready. We don't want to do it twice and spend a lot of time answering questions. With respect to the data that we'll present here in the summer, it will be on some of the smaller studies that we've done. It will not be on any of the US pivotal data, obviously, but you'll see how the product performs and how consistent and how happy we are with it. Obviously, I'm happy with the data and as is our team. I've made the comment on several times when all said and done, everything you love about G6, you're going to love more about G7. And when that product comes to market, that's exactly how we're going to feel about it, not only from the smaller wearable and the easier insertion and all the other wonderful patient. Ease of use features we're putting in there, but the software, the app and the performance of the system, we believe, is going to be spectacular and again, set a real standard for people to go over.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you very much. Wanted to talk about a few of the commercial initiatives in the U.S. I mean, obviously, still early in the sampling program. You've just completed the doubling of the sales force and kind of shifting some of the focus to more on the primary care. So maybe just help us understand how some of those initiatives have played out in the early days, with respect to the Q1 and early into Q2? And just, are there any metrics, or is there any sort of goal post you can help me frame the early execution on those initiatives for us? And how do we think about that as we move through 2021?
Quen Blackford: Sure. I'll take a quick shot at the sampling and then hand it over to Kevin here. There aren't any metrics that we're going to disclose, particularly to sampling, in and of itself, although I will tell you, the early response to this program has been beyond our expectations, both from a physician's perspective of just how easy we've enabled these PCPs to get products into the hands of our patients and then also from a patient perspective, when they realize just how easy it is to use the Dexcom product. So the sampling program has been beyond what we imagined coming out of the gate. It will continue to be a big part of what we do into the future. But in terms of giving specific metrics around it, that's not something we will do. I will tell you, it's one of the better investments that we look to make at this point.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'd agree with that. With respect to the sales force, we've added everybody we were going to add. Everybody's in place. And everybody is getting up to speed. And some of the people came from a diabetes background, so they get it to speed easier, because they have relationships already established in these offices, possibly from another company. Others, it's going to take a little while longer, and we plan for that as we do this expansion. But as far as calling on more voices, we are learning that, in all fairness, we've been underserved with respect to our ability to call on people. There's a great story we heard from down in Texas. One of our reps called on a physician or -- and talk to them about our product and the doctor said, I know nothing about your product. I've put people on your competitors' product, because they come and ask me for it. So again, using the sample program that Quentin described with Hello DexCom, we put this patient on the system, introduced the physician to it, and now he's prescribing DexCom all the time. Because of the experience that patient had. We needed a deeper reach. We'll get that deeper reach with what we've done, and we'll continue to evaluate over time. And we've got tremendous metrics on our salespeople. We have an incredible commercial organization that monitors that. But we also very much understand it takes a while to get up to speed. The other great thing I can tell you about this expansion, we literally have thousands of people apply for these jobs. And a lot of very, very qualified people that we did not hire. This is a place that people want to work and a product that they really want to represent, and we want to continue that culture and maintain that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matthew Blackman: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on the OUS pricing strategy and sort of a multipart question here, but is the incremental $50 million headwind you called out isolated to 2021, or will these price headwinds continue beyond 2021 outside the U.S.? And then if I think about the full year guidance range -- raise of about $50 million, I think about half of that you said is underlying outperformance. But that's also in the face of another $50 million headwind on price. So is it fair to say that the guidance rate is actually closer to, call it, $75 million ex-FX on an underlying basis? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yes. So good question. So let's go step by step. So in terms of your question on the international pricing, a majority of the raise is our strategy outside the U.S. And so what you are seeing is we are taking an incremental $50 million of, call it, mix headwinds as a result of going into there. And we still -- yes, you're right. We did raise guidance in the face of that by $50 million, of which $25 million was currency. So absent that incremental, yes, you would have seen a $75 million. Now we are going to be taking those pricing headwinds, and we're going to be taking those pricing headwinds and making up for an incremental volume. So it's, obviously, net neutral to the full year guide. But you are correct. Absent taking on that strategy or because of that strategy, we expect to add new patients to the point where it increases our full year outlook.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open.
Matt Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Okay. So I'd like to ask one just about the U.S. momentum improvement. That was impressive, and you called out the factors. Is it possible for you to say, which of the DTC, sampling and salesforce, you think, contributed more to that? And which of those is still more to come, or is it just all equal?
Kevin Sayer: I think there are all more to come, and I think they're relatively equal. As I called out on the call, the effect of the Super Bowl, the ad was more than just short-term sales growth, in our minds, the awareness we generated, the text messages I was getting during the Super Bowl from industry and technology executives that I've met over the years made it all worth -- I'm just sitting on the couch saying, hey, this is really cool. It really created a lot of awareness for our company, awareness we hadn't had before, and that was really the goal, as we talked about. We developed more brand equity from our ad than anybody else. So that was important to us. The DTC remains important. As you watch our ads, you'll see certainly more with Nick and certainly other campaigns as well. And then on top of that, having more feet on the street is good. We needed it. But it will take time to develop those relationships. I think of the three, I couldn't quantify one of them, but I think ultimately the sales force expansion will be extremely helpful on this. We probably got less bang out of that just because we were ramping it up in the first quarter, but the DTC work and the Super Bowl ad and that was probably the biggest. And then Hello Dexcom and the reps will come more throughout the rest of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Hi, good afternoon. Somewhat similar to the last question. The first quarter strength in the U.S., much better than historical seasonality. I'm just wondering, is this more a function of just channel shifts that gone on the business, or a function of the new momentum that you've seen perhaps from some of these new initiatives? I know it's a tough question, but if there's any way to parse that out, that would be helpful.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. Yes. So good question. Some of that is a bit of a change in shift in dynamics, and you're absolutely right, as more and more goes to the pharmacy. I think you are seeing that neutralization, if you will, of the Q4, Q1 dynamic. One thing we did see this quarter, and we thought it was certainly a testament to the work that our customer experience team is doing is we saw a slight decline in attrition, and a slight increase in utilization. And so as you think about the customer experience that we're trying to create here, we've been talking about increases in Net Promoter Scores. That's starting to play through and customer utilization have it. So that's certainly something we saw a little bit of. And then I think what we also saw is just a little bit of incremental performance. We saw some of the performance outpaced expectations. I think what we talked about is an expectation of new patient growth, slightly outpacing it as a result of increased awareness as a result of DTC. So I think it's all three of those coming together.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your line is open
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Two quick questions for Jereme on the margin front. First, just given how strong gross margin was in 1Q, I was hoping you could talk about why 65% is the right number for the full year. And then your audio cut out a little bit when you were talking about the tax rate. If you could just go back to that what you're expecting for an overall tax rate this year, that would be great. Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Sure. I'll start with the latter first. We expect the tax rate for the year to be between  a non-GAAP tax rate between 23% and 25%. Back to your question on margins, we did have a great quarter in Q1. Certainly, we're very proud of the 68%. The one thing we do want to do is, first off, is the first quarter. So we think about it from a first quarter and really thinking about before, taking a look at changing anything, being mindful that we won't see things play out over time. But there's really two components you have to be aware of. We do expect to take on incremental channel mix headwinds in our international markets for the back half of the year. So we have to contemplate that in light of some of the efficiencies you're starting to see. And then getting back to the  our previous discussions about the drivers when we set guidance is, in the back half of the year, it's when we're going to launch G7. And when we launched G7, the yield that you get on some of these lines generally is a little lower. You saw it also happen with our launch of G6. There's a little bit of step back as you start to work out the kinks of these lines and the yields start to play out. So as those play out in the back half of the year, that's why we don't  we feel comfortable, very comfortable with our guidance, but we didn't feel any need to raise it at this point and let the year play out.
Operator: And our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong from Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: Great. Thanks for taking our question. I guess, I just wanted to go back to the pricing headwinds, but just in light of increasing ex-US headwinds, should we expect your 2Q ex US results to look more like they did in 2019, just in terms of relatively flat sequential performance, or can you really still grow ex-US revenues quarter-over-quarter before G7?
Quen Blackford: Yes. I don't think we're going to get into details of providing specific guidance around US versus OUS, particularly at a quarterly level. I think we're incredibly bullish on where the international business can go. There's so much runway that continues to sit in front of us. A big part of that is continuing to step into this global pricing strategy that we've laid out over a multiyear basis. And really, what you're seeing with the pricing decisions today is that we're in a position now where we can pull some of those decisions forward, where we couldn't have historically. And a lot of that comes down to having inventory available to us being highly confident in the ability to continue to grow and scale into the future. So I'm confident you're going to see terrific results coming out of that international business over time. And with some of these decisions that we've made, we're now opening up access to the patient volumes that are five or six times larger than what we were really addressing historically. So I think all of that sets up very well for a very strong international business here into the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the potential impact from doubling the sales force and specifically, as it relates to the primary care physician. I'm curious if you guys have this detail, as to what percentage of your prescribing physicians are coming from primary care today, so we can sort of have a sense of with the sales force doubling and better calling on the primary care, how many more physicians you could potentially capture. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: Well, this is Kevin. I'll take that. Very little comes from that channel right now. That's why we added them, and that's why we've expanded. If you take a look at the Type 2 intensive insulin users, most of them are found in those offices. And that's why we needed to get out there. Over time, this will certainly increase. We expect it to, and those are the expectations of the team we brought on board. We're hearing good anecdotal stories and things are starting to heat up and all reality. And with a large book of business we already have and the recurring orders from our current patients, it's -- we got a ways to go. We think they'll do great, and we'll monitor it. If we see great returns, we'll just keep giving them tools to get great returns is the best way to describe it. And I think Hello DexCom is going to be the best one that we have for that group.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital. Your line is open.
Ravi Misra: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Good evening. Congrats, Jereme and Quentin on the moves. A lot of management changes over at DexCom -- or rotations, I guess, over the last year or so. The question I had, I guess, I wanted to go after the gross margin and pricing commentary from maybe a different angle. When you had the similar type of pricing impact in the U.S. When you started going into pharma channel, we really saw a pretty strong level of uptake through that arena, albeit the pricing headwind continues. So I guess what I'm trying to ask is, do you -- does guidance factor in that type of kind of immediate impact from the price cut, I guess, in Europe? And do you think that $50 million is the kind of extent of it, as we kind of go forward here? Thanks.
Jereme Sylvain: Yeah. Sure. I can take that. So our gross margin certainly contemplates the impact of pricing impacts in our international markets. And so, I wouldn't expect any changes there. In terms of the extent of it, as we go after these incremental markets and open up access, we almost look at that as new patients. And so, when we go after new patients and new markets, certainly, pricing is going to change over time. So there could be impacts that drag out over time in the future years, as a result of just going after incremental pockets of patients and any sort of knock along impact, certainly not anything that we would expect to be significant. But that will always be contemplated in our guidance, and it will all be something that we certainly talk to on these calls. I wouldn't expect anything that we provide hasn't been thought through and then contemplated in any of the targets that we provide to you guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Marie Thibault from BTIG. Your line is open.
Q  Marie Thibault: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats to you as well, Jeremy. I wanted to ask a question on OUS. I understand that the impact of COVID last year, obviously, having an impact on revenue this year. But curious if you're still seeing a COVID impact in this Q1 quarter, as well as the existing quarter here in terms of that still affecting new patient starts. We certainly heard from other companies that Europe is lagging on the vaccine rollout. So would love to hear if that's been contemplated in guidance. And if so, how you expect that to change over the year? Thanks.
Quen Blackford: Yeah. I think from our perspective, all that we know right now is kind of the environment we operate within with respect to COVID, which we know from an international perspective has certainly created some incremental pressure in pockets of that business, particularly those that require in clinic visit to get onto the product or some of those administrative hurdles that have been put there. In other channels where we have e-commerce, for example, we're seeing incredible results. And so I think one thing to point out on that first quarter international result is that when you look at it from a two-year growth perspective, it's an incredibly strong number. Last year was an absolute record growth for us in that first quarter from an international perspective. So I think you got to normalize that when you're looking at that first quarter growth. But in terms of the remainder of the year, on an international basis and patient adoption, a big part of stepping price down in line with our global pricing strategy was the fact that we had to see administrative requirements reduced or eliminated altogether to get patients onto the product. And so in these markets where we've done that, the hurdle to get onto the product has been removed. And so we absolutely would expect to see patient, new patient acquisition become much easier for us and see that start to take off in a very positive way. So I do think you're going to see that uptick over the course of the year, even in the COVID environment. With, of course, the caveat being that it stays stable to where it's at today. If we were to get worse in some case, then we might have to think about that differently, but we're trying to look at the future based upon what we see today and how it's impacted the markets here in the moment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question. So on pricing, once G7 and Libre 3 are competing with each other, how much of a price premium do you think is sustainable? And how close do you think you are to that premium today in the U.S. and outside the U.S.? And do you see the opportunity to price G6 as a value brand? Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin Sayer: Larry, thanks for your question. We have numerous opportunities here, but I'm not going to give our pricing strategy on earnings call. We -- we're very thoughtful about this. We run several models. We know what our technology is worth, and we know what great benefit we provide. We'll price it accordingly, but we're also going to price our products in a manner to, whereby, our patients have access to it as well. And I think our commercial team combined with our finance team and everybody who's done a wonderful job balancing that. We'll continue to balance, but we continue to grow as well. I mean, look at the volume growth versus our dollar growth this quarter and we already said our U.S. volumes were in excess of the overall volume growth. We've managed it extremely well, and we'll continue to do so.
Operator: And our next question comes from Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks. A couple of questions, one on G7 and one on margins as well. Just on G7, trying to get a sense when you look at U.S. timing to entry and efforts to get ICGM, do you think the market actually behaves differently? In other words, new patient starts potentially slow a bit as the new form factor is coming to market? And then on margins, taking the other side, the COGS side, specifically, breaking down  breaking ground in Malaysia, maybe just an update on timing as to when FDA inspections will take place for that facility. And just a recap of what that can do on the COGS side for sensors on a per unit basis? Thanks a lot.
Quen Blackford: I'll take the latter part of that with respect to Malaysia. We're clearly well into that project, making great progress. We'll have a building in place as we exit the year, with plans in place to have a clean room up and ready for validation, either at the turn of the year into the first quarter  sorry, first quarter of next year. So the expectation is we'll be producing product out of that in the first half of next year there in Malaysia. So very excited about what we're seeing there.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. And I'll take the G6, G7 and the cutover question. Again, with respect to US timing, we've not disclosed anything. One of our great learnings on G6 was have enough product ready to go when you go and really be fully ready for launch, and we've made that commitment to our customers that we will be ready when we do launch this product, that we will be able to literally flip the switch and go over. As far as patients slowing their purchases of G6, in particular, in the pharmacy channel, you're buying one month of product at a time. So it's not like you're going in there and loading up with three to six months as we did in the past in the DME channel. And even in the DME channel today, there's less of that loading up by patients with G6 than there was in G5 and G4 prior to that. We don't view that, that people will quit purchasing their G6 is when G7 is announced because in all fairness, our customers can let without it. And when we have the opportunity to take care of them all, what we'll do is organized but as rapid migration as we possibly can. And as far as G6 future plans, we do see a lot of opportunity here, but we really haven't disclosed anything.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Great. Thanks for taking our question. Just had a question on your international expansion efforts. What are some of the key countries and focus for you here over the near term? And are you anticipating any contribution from these new regions in this year's guidance, or is that really more of a driver for 2022? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I think that will be more of a driver for future years. We've talked about our launch in Japan with Terumo, and that's scheduled to happen in the second half of the year. We got reimbursement in France. As many of you know, so we do expect France to make a bigger part of our business that as in the past. But a lot of large numbers in our businesses, things have gotten so big, they can't give us a whole lot that moves the needle when we start. Hence, the discussion we've had about increasing access in our more mature markets and looking at how we follow similar paths in these other geographies. With the operating capability we have now, there's no sense in going through and selling just the top end of this market. We want to get more aggressive and be more broad. So I think you'll see as we go into these geographies, over time, we'll start as we started in the past, but we are going to get more reimbursement and try to get more patients more rapidly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brandon Vazquez from William Blair. Your line is open.
Brandon Vazquez: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to one of the comments made during the prepared remarks. And it sounded like there was maybe a little hinting at new connected systems coming this year. Just curious if you could talk about those. And specifically, what those kind of products, I'm thinking, is there something outside of the regular hardware upgrades that we see maybe somewhere on the software side that could be a catalyst maybe for growth within maybe some of the TAM expansion opportunities like the type 2 non-intensives or gestational diabetes or anything like that. So is there anything we're kind of not thinking out of the box here from the normal hardware that will be important in the coming 12 months or so?
Quen Blackford: No, I don't think that there's anything that you guys are missing in terms of the prepared remarks and speaking to some of those systems. The one thing that we certainly are excited about has to be the Omnipod 5 product in the back half of the year. And we'll let Insulet speak to the exact timing of when we're ready to put that product into the marketplace. But having connectivity into a product like that is something that we're very excited about and believe that they'll have success with, and we'll have success with as well. I think with respect to the whole Type 2 population and the opportunity there, we couldn't be more bullish on the opportunity that sits in front of us. And I think by the day, we learn more and more that increases that bullishness for us and the confidence that there's going to be some real opportunity there to create value coming from it. And you're going to see a study a little bit later this year, mid-year at some of the -- the mid-year society meetings that's going to start to really lay out the benefit of using CGM relative to BGM in this Type 2 population, particularly the non-intensive population that that just demonstrates the sort of impact we can have on patients say, they're on basal only. And that's a 4 million patient population in the U.S. So I think that sort of data starts to really accumulate in favor of opening up a whole another market segment that doubles the existing core U.S. intensive market today that that we're very excited about. So you'll see that data, here mid-year, but I think all of it starts to point to the fact that this Type 2 space is going to open up in a significant way, and we're well positioned to take advantage of it.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, and thanks, everybody, for participating. As we wrap up our call today, I want to take a minute to acknowledge some very important recognition that DexCom received this week. Forbes recently published their 100 company list of America's Best Employers for diversity. DexCom was honored to be number 66 on that list. While we consider this a perpetual journey, we're very happy to have been recognized for some of the work that we've done so far. As far as our outlook on the business going forward, our great quarter fuels our continued belief that best is yet to come. I recently caught up with a friend who a long-time healthcare industry executive and the gist of his message to me was very simple. Everything important in diabetes care is going to revolve around CGM. For example, there are numerous insulin delivery devices and algorithms available for automated insulin delivery. But there's only one CGM commercially capable of delivering the patient experience and outcomes that we've owned vision for a very long time. And that's only the beginning. They're incredible new compounds, treatments and programs stepping forward for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes, and we are very confident that the right CGM experience will become an integral part of all these solutions, and we haven't even started talking about the difference we can make as part of our pre-diabetes program. We've never been more excited and engaged in our opportunity than we are today. Thank you again, everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Release Call. My name is Darryl, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter and full year 2020; followed by a financial review and outlook from Quen Blackford, our COO and CFO; and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions].  Please note that there are also slides available related to our fourth quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement.  Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements, are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results.  Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP.  Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our fourth quarter and full year earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Let me start by summarizing some of the themes that DexCom accomplished in 2020. Total revenue grew 31% over 2019, driven by a record number of new patient additions. This translates to more than $415 million in absolute dollar growth, another high watermark for DexCom. We doubled G6 capacity in the first 6 months of the year. Our team has done a great job to meet the ambitious plans that we outlined nearly 2 years ago to scale G6 capacity, leaving the company in the best inventory position that we have been in since the launch of G6.  The scale-up led to strong gross margin expansion in 2020, even as we increasingly shift our business to the pharmacy channel. We closed the full year 2020 with our highest gross margin since 2017. Our enhanced capacity puts us in position to aggressively pursue our growth initiatives. This includes the expansion of our sales force, which we announced in October and have nearly completed as well as our efforts around product sampling and direct-to-consumer advertising in the U.S. and international markets.  Many of you have seen our most recent effort to drive category awareness as we kicked off a new campaign around one of our DexCom warriors, Nick Jonas, including our ad during the Super Bowl. This bold effort should give you a sense for our belief about the market opportunity ahead of us. We've received great feedback from the campaign so far and look forward to joining forces with Nick and diabetes advocacy groups in the coming months to drive greater awareness of the benefits of CGM.  At the height of the pandemic's first wave, we established a new effort in a matter of days to support hospitals needing to preserve personal protective equipment and utilize our remote monitoring technology. We've made significant progress in our work to bring DexCom CGM to people with type 2 diabetes, including both those on intensive insulin therapy and those who are not. We also announced several new initiatives in 2020 that we believe will position us to meet the kinds of patient growth that we expect over the next several years.  Building on the success of our team in Manila, where we've strengthened our customer service metrics across the board, we announced a new global business services unit in Lithuania that will help serve our international operations. We also announced that we will be building our third manufacturing site and first international manufacturing site in Malaysia. This state-of-the-art facility will be key to scaling our G7 capacity and provide logistical advantages as we look to serve our growing international base.  Speaking of G7, 2020 saw us initiate and complete the first G7 pivotal trial. We're very happy with these results and the feedback we've received from participants and clinicians involved in the trial has been outstanding. Our clinical work is continuing as we progress with the regulatory path in 2021 to support our goal to launch G7 in the second half of the year.  In any given year, these are accomplishments that we would be proud of. But in 2020, our teams accomplished these goals during a global pandemic. I want to use this forum again to say how proud I am of the DexCom employees who have embraced our mission to empower people to take control of diabetes in a year of very unique challenges. It is a privilege to both lead and learn from such a talented team. And rest assured, our team is focused on the growth opportunity ahead of us as we're now well on our way in 2021.  This is shaping up to be another exciting year for the company, featuring our continued momentum as we look to bring G6 to many potential customers yet to use CGM, the ongoing manufacturing scale-up and launch of G7 and investing in several other key initiatives related to the growth pillars that we outlined at our recent Investor Day. We believe there is still a huge growth opportunity ahead, and we are investing to ensure that the company is positioned to deliver CGM as a mass market technology for greater health outcomes.  The pandemic has contributed to structural changes in the way health care is delivered. with DexCom CGM a valuable asset in the growing digital health and the remote monitoring health care ecosystems yet a majority of people with diabetes in the world continue to rely on fingerstick technology. It is because of these developing landscapes and our belief on what DexCom CGM offers that we are announcing the formation of DexCom Ventures today, which Steve Pacelli will lead.  With this entrance into the venture capital space, we believe we will be able to accelerate development for innovative companies that share our commitment to empowering greater health outcomes for customers and their clinicians. This may include technologies with use cases that can be combined with our CGM system as well as independent technology platforms.  To summarize, we are very proud of what we accomplished in 2020 and are moving forward with the same commitment to our users and the growth of DexCom well into the future. With that, I will turn it over to Quentin for a review of the fourth quarter financials and discussion of the 2021 outlook. Quen?
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website.  We reported worldwide revenue of $568.9 million for the fourth quarter compared to $462.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2019, representing growth of 23%. Our team did a great job maintaining momentum with new patient additions in the fourth quarter and accelerating our shift of the business into the pharmacy channel.  Even with the increasing COVID lockdowns as the quarter progressed, new patients for the fourth quarter were in line with our original expectations for the year, a new record and a great achievement for our team. U.S. revenue grew 20% over the fourth quarter of 2019, totaling $451 million. We were able to drive more volume into the pharmacy channel than we originally expected, closing the year approaching 50% of our total U.S. commercial volume. This means that we are making excellent progress to position the company for long-term growth in the U.S. and an efficient operating model for the company. And while there is channel mix causing lower revenue per patient in the pharmacy channel, the underlying strength of the business saw fourth quarter unit volumes grow significantly more than our revenue growth rate in the U.S.  Our international business reached a new high-water mark of $117 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, growing 35% over the fourth quarter of 2019. This growth includes strong performance in both our direct and distributor markets. We began an international DTC campaign in several of our markets in the fourth quarter and will continue to drive awareness of the benefits of our technology, knowing that CGM market penetration internationally remains even less than in the U.S.  Our fourth quarter gross profit was $399.1 million or 70.2% of revenue compared to 66.8% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2019. The 70.2% of revenue represents our highest gross margin quarter in the past 5 years. This is another demonstration of the ability of our team to navigate our strategic shift to the pharmacy channel while delivering strong profitability across the organization.  As Kevin noted, our successful scale-up of G6 has been a key driver of this margin expansion while also placing us in our strongest inventory position to date, allowing us to more aggressively target new users as we continue in 2021.  Operating expenses were $294.7 million for Q4 2020 compared to $205.7 million in Q4 2019. The year-over-year expense growth in the fourth quarter consists of several key areas of strategic investment, which includes roughly $15 million of nonrecurring spend related to enhancing our software development efforts and automation of our production capabilities. We also increased spending related to our DTC programs, product sampling and the expansion of our U.S. sales force. Even with significant investments throughout 2020 to prepare DexCom for future growth and efficiency, total operating expense growth for the year totaled 26%, well below our 31% revenue growth for the year.  Operating income was $104.4 million or 18.4% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $103.6 million or 22.4% of revenue in the same quarter of 2019. For the year, we delivered more than 500 basis points of operating margin expansion, with full year 2020 operating margin of 16.6%, exceeding our most recent guidance. Adjusted EBITDA was $159.2 million or 28% of revenue for the fourth quarter compared to $141.7 million or 30.6% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2019. Our full year adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.3% also exceeded our most recent guidance and came in more than 300 basis points better than our original 2020 guidance.  As our margin progress shows, the significant steps that we have taken over the past few years are having a great impact on our ability to translate revenue growth into profitability. We are confident that the trend will continue over the long term as we move towards the 5-year targets that we laid out for you at our recent Investor Day by simultaneously taking opportunities that arise to invest in the growth ahead of us.  Net income for the fourth quarter was $90.4 million or $0.91 per share. We significantly increased operating cash flow in 2020 and remain in a strong cash position with greater than $2.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet as we exit the year. This gives us the flexibility to pursue the strategic investments that we believe will allow us to maintain a leadership position in our field. These include some of the investments we discussed related to our fourth quarter activities.  Turning to 2021 guidance. As we stated early last month, we anticipate full year revenues of $2.21 billion to $2.31 billion, representing growth of 15% to 20%. We expect new patient growth to continue to exceed our revenue growth rate again in 2021, with our team extending their efforts to drive U.S. commercial business into our preferred pharmacy channel. We've also contemplated potential benefits from our efforts to drive category awareness through our expanded sales force, DTC advertising, product sampling and integrated systems as well as general considerations around the competitive environment.  Turning to margins. We have several considerations in 2021 as we position the business for efficient growth and long-term margin expansion, in line with what we outlined at our recent Investor Day. For 2021, we anticipate gross margins of approximately 65%, in line with our long-term expectations. This anticipates a slight shift from our 67% full year 2020 results, which we expect to be driven by the success of our pharmacy channel initiative as well as our 2021 investments in infrastructure related to our G7 scale up and OUS manufacturing facility in Malaysia.  We expect operating margins of approximately 13%, reflecting our gross margin outlook as well as various investments we've contemplated in 2021. As you know, DexCom has advanced its profitability profile at a much faster pace than originally anticipated over the past few years, while at the same time, building the infrastructure to scale the business profitably.  With the diabetes market still underpenetrated, we're going on the offense with these investments. We are continuing to invest in the growth of the business via DTC, sampling, new markets and the launch of new products that we mentioned at our Investor Day, including G7. We are also making a significant investment in the global sales force, including doubling the size of our U.S.-based commercial field team. We will also continue to work on advanced research and development, which is looking into future generations of products and sensing capability. We're making these investments to accelerate our ability to bring CGM to those in need. Additionally, we believe these investments will support the long-term profitability objectives that we set at Investor Day, while at the same time, yielding significant returns for our shareholders.  However, in the near term, we want to be prudent about incurring these upfront costs in our guidance and let the benefits play out. We expect that adjusted EBITDA margins will be approximately 23% for 2021.  Finally, with the release of the valuation allowance on income taxes in 2020, in 2021, we will start to have a tax rate that is applicable to earnings. We expect that rate, absent any changes in tax law, to be in the low to mid-20% range. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Pacelli: Thanks, Quentin. As Kevin mentioned, our team did a great job executing on our strategic priorities throughout 2020. We quickly adapted the changes brought about by COVID and ensured not only that our existing patients could rely on their DexCom supplies, but that thousands of new patients could benefit from the use of G6. In fact, we closed the year with greater than 900,000 customers globally, up more than 38% over the end of 2019.  We are excited by this growth, knowing the life-changing impact at CGM and the software tools that we provide with it can have on our patients. Just last month, we published 3 peer review studies in diabetes technology and therapeutics that showed a greater than 1 point A1c reduction for customers new to DexCom CGM in as little as 3 months. This study includes both type 1 and type 2 intensive insulin users, and the result validated the kind of outcomes we have seen before. But we took it one step further.  We also saw a significant quality of life improvement for these patients as measured in terms of anxiety, emotional distress and burden of disease management, results that affirm our corporate mission to empower our users. We also demonstrated that the software tools we are building around our sensors are driving improved outcomes.  Across our base, we see increased time in range for our users of real-time share and follow apps. We see increased time and range for users who engage with our Clarity software, and we see increased time and range for users who take advantage of our integration with Apple's Siri Virtual Assistant. In 2021, we will continue to work aggressively to expand our customer base so that more and more people can experience these improved outcomes with DexCom.  As we outlined in our recent Investor Day and at a conference presentation last month, we prioritized 3 pillars of growth in the near term and look forward to progress on all 3 fronts in 2021 while we also lay the foundation for longer-term market expansion.  In our core business, which we define as people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy, we have several initiatives underway. In the U.S., we are nearing completion of our sales force expansion, which will enhance our footprint across the country, including our reach into primary care offices. We'll continue our push to prioritize the pharmacy channel, which is the most efficient channel for our patients, clinicians and DexCom. And we'll continue our efforts to drive greater access on the awareness of the benefits that DexCom offers, including the DTC campaigns that we've been driving in both the U.S. and international markets.  Outside the U.S., we continue to advocate for greater access in several key markets and look forward to broadening our reach in places where we have had little presence to date. This includes our expansion in France, building from a positive recent reimbursement decision as well as the launch of G6 in Japan with Terumo as our distribution partner.  For our third pillar, expanding the use of CGM in non-intensive type 2 diabetes, we are extending our efforts with level 2 and kicking off commercial pilots with multiple partners on the digital health side. Our work with other providers continues as well as we make the case for the clinical value of DexCom CGM in the broader type 2 population.  Recently, Everside Health, one of the nation's largest providers of on-site health clinics, announced that their health debt unit will make DexCom CGM available to their members with type 2 diabetes. This is a nice extension of our previous work with Healthstats following up on our pilot efforts that utilize CGM in an on-site health screening program. We remain increasingly confident in the market opportunity ahead for DexCom.  And on this basis, today, we announced the formation of DexCom Ventures. We have a chance to identify and accelerate the development of amazing technologies, technologies that can truly make an impact to global health outcomes via innovation. I could not be more excited to lead this effort. I believe we are well positioned to advance our strategies and build connections that will make DexCom stronger in the years ahead. Look for much more from us on this front over the next several years. And in the meantime, I couldn't be more pleased to pass the torch on our day-to-day strategy and corporate development efforts to Quentin and his team.  With that, I'll turn it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. I think we've all grown tired of the 2020 superlative, so I'll keep this one brief. We're proud of what we accomplished in 2020, and we are pressing forward with excitement for the year ahead in 2021. Much of the discussion this week is centered around our recent Super Bowl ad. We were incredibly pleased by the public response, which drove 11x greater search volume compared to the average 2021 Super Bowl commercial, the highest of any brand that advertised this year. This is why we did the ad, to drive awareness and ultimately bring CGM to more and more people who stand to benefit from this technology.  There may be more people talking about diabetes this week than any other time in recent memory, a conversation that includes health care providers, insurance providers and people with diabetes themselves. We welcome these conversations and look forward to advancing these discussions for greater access for all people with diabetes. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: So I'm going to use my one, Quentin. The guidance came in a little lower on the margin side for 2021. Can you walk us through what's the delta on gross margin and those expenses? I realize the long-term guide is $65 million, but I think people were thinking a little bit higher in 2021 here. And then it seems like to get to 13%, you're going to need a pretty big step-up in SG&A. So maybe just help us walk through SG&A and R&D and what you're expecting in terms of investment, how much DTC will be 2021 versus 2020? And any other notable expenses that we should be thinking about?
Quentin Blackford: Sure. Thanks, Robbie. Look, I think the first thing I would mention is we've made incredible progress from a profitability perspective over the last couple of years. If you think back to our original Analyst Day, we set an expectation to be at a 25% EBITDA margin by the year 2023, and we delivered 26% EBITDA margin in the year 2020. So we've made incredible progress. And I would say progress even accelerated or went beyond what our original expectations were. But we've always known there are investments we've got to make in this business to open up some of these incredible market opportunities that sit in front of us. And I think more than anything, the fact that we're making these investments ought to be a testament to the fact that we now believe in, and we're seeing that these are going to be real opportunities for us. So we're excited about making that investment.  On the gross margin side, there's a few things to point out this year that makes 2021 a little bit unique. One, we will continue to drive the normal efficiencies and leverage through the gross margin that we have in the last several years. And I would expect there's a couple of hundred basis points of efficiencies to continue to take out of it over the course of '21. But there's 2 headwinds that we have to navigate through. One continues to be the move to the pharmacy channel. We expect that we'll see a significant move over the course of this year. We've seen that pick up in terms of its momentum in the back part of last year. The other one is we're making significant investment in standing up our first international manufacturing capability in Malaysia. We broke ground there. We have teams there as we speak starting to build out that capability, which is going to take -- it is tens of millions of units of production capacity and turns it into hundreds of millions of units of production capacity for us, which we believe is going to be necessary as we open up these markets and begin to really see results from them. So that's what's going to play out on the gross margin side that results in a couple of hundred basis points of headwind from the 67% back to 65%.  On the OpEx side, I think it's important. G&A is going to continue to lever nicely for us. Where the investment is going is purely in the sales expense and into R&D, and there's really a few drivers that drive it. There's the doubling of the U.S. commercial field force that we've talked about. That's pretty much done as we sit here today. Those resources are going to be in place and able to start to contribute over the course of the year, but they obviously bring with it an expense load. We're also turning up the DTC efforts. We've never been better positioned from an inventory perspective to really turn the dials on DTC and sampling and giving our commercial team the tools they need to be as effective as possible. So we're excited to be able to do that.  And then finally, I'll just remind you, over the course of this year, we've got all the G7 expenses that are going on. We got the trial expenses, we got the filing expenses, and then we got the commercial launch behind that as well. So all those things together drive the incremental investment from an OpEx perspective. But that's all going to show up in R&D and selling expense. You will see leverage in G&A. So I hope that answers the question for you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird.
Jeffrey Johnson: I just wanted to follow-up. It's really going back even to the Analyst Day. Quentin, at the time, you talked about 7 to 8 points of channel headwinds kind of through 2022, 7 to 8 points annually. I don't think you really talked about whether that would be front-end loaded, back-end loaded, how even loaded that might be over the 2 years. So one, how much channel headwind are we thinking this year? I think you might have said 10% last quarter for 2021. I just want to check that. And does that then -- if that's the right number, does that imply a fall-off in those channel headwinds in going into '22? If you could just help us out there, understand gating.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Great question. 10%, 10 points of headwind is the right way to think about it, primarily driven by that pharmacy channel mix shift that continues to move towards the direction that is important for us to be able to scale the business over the long term. I'd remind you, profit dollars are higher in that channel. But yes, there is some gross margin pressure that comes with it. But from a top line perspective, that's what's driving it is that pharmacy channel, call it, roughly 10 points. I do think you'll see that evolve a little bit over the course of the year. Keep in mind, in the first part of last year, we weren't into the pharmacy channel to the same degree that we were as we exited the year. So you've got a tougher comp in Q1 and Q2. And you see that in the growth rates as well. You're going to see tougher growth comps in the first half of '21 that will start to subside in the back half of the year.  So I do think that you'll see that evolve a bit as we start to anniversary some of the pharmacy shift that we saw in the back part of '20 into the back part of '21. As we head into '22, look, we'll talk about that as we get out there around that time frame. But I do think there's a couple of years here of stepping through it. Once we're through it, I think you're going to see the unit volume growth of this business is going to be much more reflective of the overall dollar growth. Unit volume growth continues to be incredibly strong. We were up 40% in units in the fourth quarter by the time everything settled out. And our unit volume growth in '21 is right around that 25% to 30% growth. So very strong unit growth continue to drive the business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from Blair, William Blair.
Margaret Andrew: So I'd like to shift maybe a little bit into the non-intensively managed type 2 patients and the consumer health wellness patients. I guess, upfront, do you guys have any sense of utilization or annual revenue per patient amongst these groups? And I guess, as you look at the different types of products or devices that these patients might need, is it different than what you've got right now? And is that one of the goals, I guess, of the new venture fund or are there some internal efforts around that as well?
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, this is Kevin. I'll take that. The annual revenue profile per patient, we think, is going to vary based on condition and use case. We believe internally, or at least what we discuss internally, is for a type 2 non-intensive patient. For example, even if a full-time use, the revenue per year per patient is going to be a lower number because we're solving a different problem. We're not managing the lives and the health and safety of these patients, but we are making them healthier and we are giving a better experience than they have. And ultimately, we will take costs from the system. As far as what that number is going to be, I don't have a number completely. We have numerous models, and many of those depend upon the final use cases. I've also said numerous times, and I'll stick to this as well, I think the ultimate use case and the way we'll ultimately price it will be for full-time use for these patients. And if they choose to use it less often, that will be their choice. So on the health and wellness side, again, many, many more patients, a lower annual revenue number, but more interactions with more different people in a completely different distribution channel.  With respect to the products, certainly, the core technology of sensing glucose, from our perspective, on the glucose side will remain the same. As those of you who listened to our Investor Day heard when I had my chat with Dr. Peter Atia, we talked about accuracy. And he said it's actually more important for his patients because if they only go between 70 and 120, 20 points off is a big deal. And they'd be making a wrong decision as far as their health and what they eat nutrition-wise, et cetera, within accuracy. So we know that fundamental core technology needs to remain accurate. Where we get into different products is the experience that we create, possibly even different wearables based on the category, different places to receive the data. Then as you look at the new ventures unit that Steve will be working in, then you look at software experiences for patients, data platforms to get data to these platforms better, possibly other things we could sense or measure and add to glucose. So we believe these markets are going to require something different. At the end of the day, one size fits all is not going to work for us as we try and expand and hit the goals we've laid out probably being in the future. We're going to have numerous experiences for these patient groups.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Sandler.
Matthew O'Brien: So I guess just to follow-up a little bit more, Quentin, on the operating margin side of things. I know you're running ahead of expectations on the operating margin side of things. But I think everybody is looking at the guidance here and saying, okay, you're making all these investments and a lot of different things to the sales force and DTC. First of all, how do you measure what's most effective between the 2? And then how does it not just you're making these investments basically just to kind of run at the same pace that you've already laid out versus you're making these investments because we think it can even [indiscernible] potentially a little bit better?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Well, I think we're incredibly excited and bullish on the future opportunities. But at the same time, our approach has always been we want to see those start to pan out and contribute. And at that point, we'll start to reflect them into guidance. So as we open up some of these new markets and validate that we're able to generate the revenue from them, then hopefully, we've got some very positive updates for you guys over time. I don't think we could be more excited around where we're making these investments. We know for a fact the type 2 intensive space, for example, is going to come on to CGM therapy. We're seeing it happen in our results right now. We're starting to see some of it with the nonintensive. As a matter of fact, if you look at our new patient figures, it's led by type 2 patients. So we're starting to see some of that be validated. But in order to reach those patients, for example, on the sales force side, we've got to be in the primary care physician offices. That's where those patients are seen and that's where our current commercial force does not really play. And so as we've added those resources, that is going to be their primary focus, their primary target.  Similarly, on the DTC side. I'll continue to reiterate, there's not a better investment that we make inside the 4 walls of DexCom today than our DTC efforts. And the returns that we see with the new patients that come out of it, we're very confident that that's the best investment we can possibly make. Now will that return on investment per individual or per patient start to step down into the future? It may as they get harder to bring on. Basically, for the time being, we've been very encouraged by that return that we've seen, and we'll continue to pour resources in there until we see that change. So I don't think there's a better place for us to be focusing our efforts right now than to really be building out the commercial force to see the right individuals where the patients are at and to continue to create awareness for these patients as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS.
Matthew Taylor: So my question is about the international investments. You're really stepping up with the support center and the new investments in Malaysia. I guess, can you talk about the arc of that opportunity? If you could frame anything in France, Japan and what that means for kind of the future expansion in international, that would be really helpful.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks for the question. We laid out international as 1 of our 3 primary pillars at our investor conference. And as you look at the progress we've made, I recently prepared a speech for the sales guys. We're up 10x where we were 5 years ago from $40-plus million to over $400 million for 2020. And by every indicator, one would say, wow, that is fabulous. And in our mind, as we look at it, the opportunity is bigger than what we've addressed. And we do need to build infrastructure, and we also need to look at doing things more creatively. I think, for example, the Japan partnership with Terumo, whereby we're really letting a partner take our business in that country that is a medical technology leader in that geography is going to be a great business model for us to watch and look at.  In France, we get reimbursement for a group of patients. We will invest some there. But we have other international models we're looking at. We literally break down every country in a type of bucket. There's great reimbursement here. Here's how we need to attack this one. There's no reimbursement here, and we're making plans across all the geographies. Another key investment internationally is going to be our e-commerce platform. We've had great results every place we've launched it, so in geographies where we're not. Where we go, we'll probably go first with an e-commerce platform going forward. And so we're investing on all fronts there. The Malaysia factory is truly an investment in scale for us. It will -- it's going to be ultra modern, as is our Arizona manufacturing facility, don't get me wrong. But we've learned a tremendous amount in building out Arizona that we can apply to Malaysia and really put ourselves in a position to whereby we can go after these businesses. One of the things that we often discuss, as we sit and discuss the what have, should have, could haves, and for a better part, 1.5 years, as far as capacity, we were selling everything we built. With the opportunity now, with the inventory we have and our ops team being able to build as much as they can, we think we can much more aggressively go after these international markets just on a commercial strategy basis as well, and we're going to going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: You mentioned -- I think Kevin mentioned the goal is to launch G7 in the second half of this year. Historically, you've referred to launching G7 in some markets in '21 and on other markets in '22. You didn't say that this time. Maybe it was implied, but is the expectation that the G7 launched in the second half? Is it a worldwide launch? I'm just wondering what's changed around your G7 launch plans.
Kevin Sayer: Really, Jayson, nothing has changed. We are operating on schedule. We -- as I said, we completed our first pivotal study. And that certainly will provide us enough data to file for a CE Mark. We do not have enough data to file in the U.S. for ICGM approval, and we're working on that with the studies we have ongoing and it will continue to go on for a while. Much of this is a function of regulatory time frame studies. COVID letting us in the clinics, yes or no. There's still some uncertainty around just pulling off the execution necessary to get the submissions prepared, the abilities of the entities to review it. So we're marching to our schedule. At the end of the day, we've never been more bullish on a product. I've spoken with investigators and patients who run our first studies, and they're -- look, they're done with G6 now. They do not want to wear it anymore, and we told them they have to go back. It is everything that we'd hoped it would be. Anything that G6 does, G7 will do better. And for now, it's just a question of timing, commercial availability, manufacturing. And we're pretty tight lipped on these milestones as well. I'm just not going to lay out the yellow brick road for everybody to know and see and prepare for. We kind of like to surprise a few people.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Just, Quentin, a quick one for me. You obviously talked about the 10 points of headwinds here in '21, which obviously implies 25% to 30% volume growth. One of your competitors, your only competitor basically, is talking about 40% growth here in '21. And I just sort of think about, given the size of their business, which is a little larger from a volume perspective and I think about the major investments you're making in DTC, the major commercial investments, how should investors react to sort of your 25% to 30% volume number relative to your larger competitor saying they can grow 40%?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, David, thanks for the question. Look, I think my takeaway is, I think we all see the market opportunity exactly the same way. There's incredible runway sitting in front of us. There's a lot of adoption yet to be had in the intensive segments of the market and the nonintensive is going to open up as well. Our approach to the guidance is probably a little bit different and unique, which is we're very bullish on some of these new market opportunities and contributions that can come from them, but we're not going to get ahead of ourselves with respect to those expectations as they play out. Over time, if that happens in '21, then fantastic. It's going to be a terrific result. If it comes a bit later in '22, it's still going to be a great result. At the end of the day, we're very confident in what this ultimately has the potential to look at -- look like, and we're going to make the investments to ensure it's a reality for us. But at the same time, we're not going to get ahead of ourselves. So I think more than anything, you've got 2 players in this space who are incredibly bullish on the opportunity, which just validates there's a lot of runway here and a lot of opportunity for all of us to have success together.
Operator: And our next question comes from Marie Thibault from BTIG.
Marie Thibault: My question has to do with the doubling of the sales force, it's certainly an impressive move. So I'm curious about what it means for the legacy sales force in terms of the culture with so many new folks coming on. And are those new folks concentrated in any specific geographies? I know reimbursement is still important to targeting the type 2 patient market.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. That's a great question. And we have worked very hard to preserve that legacy and that culture and hire the same quality of individuals. I'm actually preparing for our virtual national sales meeting coming up here in a couple of weeks. In 2010, we had 26 territories. And we're going to 260. And of those 26 territories, you'd be amazed at how many of those people are still here. So they are still a big influence on our company, on our culture and training and teaching the new people that come in what's important to DexCom and what are our values. At the same time, as the business is expanding rapidly, our culture has had to change from time to time. We've made moves over the years. For example, if I go back, we did away with having trainers in every territory in addition to a rep, which was different than everybody else in the industry. But we made that move and it proved very successful.  As we go to the pharmacy channel more as we get access easier, the job of our reps continues to evolve and change. And it's our job to provide them with tools to whereby these jobs are meaningful and rewarding, and they want to stay and they want to be with us. And we're working very hard on that in this expansion. And we're being very thoughtful about it. We had many thousand candidates for these jobs and really feel we picked some fantastic people, not only for the field positions, but for some of the leadership positions that were opened up as well. We look forward to meeting with the group and being with them, and we have high expectations.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB.
Danielle Antalffy: Kevin, I just wanted to clear something up that it sounds like after the Super Bowl ad, which, by the way, I thought was a great ad. I also do love Nick Jonas, but I -- yes. There was some controversy. It sounds like -- or I don't know if you'd call it controversy, but just some chatter, it sounds like around, oh, we can't even afford insulin, how can we afford this technology. And we spent a lot of time with you guys at the Analyst Day talking about how affordable actually the technology is. Is there just a misunderstanding out there in the market around accessing this technology? Or where is the disconnect there?
Kevin Sayer: Well, I don't even know there's a disconnect, Danielle, and we talked about this a lot before we decided to run the ad. And we decided that running the ad, and I'm going to get to this a little bit in my closing remarks. But running the ad, creating more awareness, getting more people on the technology and more demand would actually lead to more accessibility and ultimately lower cost for patients and get more product to them. But if you look at the life of our patients, buying insulin, buying CGM, if they have a -- an insulin delivery system, these people spend a lot of money. And it's a large percent of their income, and it's hard. It's just hard. We empathize with those people. We've done our best with our pharmacy ship, for example. And when we gave some of these statistics at Investor Day, I think somewhere above 30% of our pharmacy patients have zero co-pay. And another group of them have less than $60 a month on their co-pay. So we've done what we can to bring costs down on our side. And we've not only done it bringing costs down, but we've done it while improving our margins. So we've really done the best we can here. We do think it is important to acknowledge the community and listen to them, but we also have to run a business. And ultimately, we felt by making more people aware, we'd have a much more positive effect than negative.
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Kevin, can you talk a little bit about the venture fund, specifically the amount of funding, how broad the focus will be? It sounds like it's going to be broader than diabetes. And when could we see an impact?
Kevin Sayer: Well, I'm going to hold Steve to the standard of when he made the investment in tandem many years ago. And our return was several times. No, I'm just kidding. We will focus on diabetes technologies a bit because that's what we do. And there are things in this diabetes or in this health care world that can utilize our technology that we don't have time to develop, that we need to look at and be friendly with and we have capital that we can invest. We will also look at other things that could fit into our business and our technology. I don't see us going and acquiring share interest in 50 different companies that are all over the place. But I do see us with a very focused approach. As far as the level of funding, as I've chatted with our Board, we're going to leave that open right now for the opportunities that we see and dip our foot in the water and get going. But we think we have some really good opportunities to give us platforms to expand our business over time and help some of these companies grow. Steve, I don't know if you want to add anything else?
Steven Pacelli: Yes. No, the only thing I would comment on is that we're very much approaching this as corporate venture capital, or I would tell you, kind of strategic venture capital. So certainly, while returns are important, although Kevin's holding me to a ridiculous standard out of the gate. Returns aside, look, you're going to see us investing in opportunities that are not only seeking out financial returns but could have some sort of a technology development piece or an in-licensing of technology piece or potentially commercial aspect to it. So they'll all make sense. Many of them you guys won't actually have visibility into unless and until we disclose them, but it's an exciting next step for me.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: I have one, which is, can you comment if there are any changes on -- or any observations on the competitive landscape? And in any particular region that, that may have shifted slightly more positively or slightly more negatively?
Kevin Sayer: Joanne, I would just say it is a competitive landscape and will remain competitive. We're -- both us, Amit and quite frankly, Medtronic, every -- all companies are aggressive here. We'll continue to push. We've done very well in all of our markets. We see opportunities to do better. We see opportunities for improvement across the board. We'll continue to do that. I think our Super Bowl ad really achieved the result that we were looking for as far as creating awareness. I mean, you heard, 11x more searches than the average ad. We have an opportunity to drive some awareness, and we will do that. But it is a very competitive landscape, and it's not going to change. And we're up for it. We have no problem with that. It makes everybody better.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mathew Blackman from Stifel.
Mathew Blackman: I wanted to touch on the sales force expansion. And just remind us how quickly those new reps could start to contribute to revenues. And also remind us, how is the sales force going to be structured? Are these reps going to call on all clinicians or it will somehow be bifurcated between PCPs and endos and specialists?
Kevin Sayer: The way we structure the teams out in the field is very much based upon the number of people with diabetes and intensive insulin users that they see. And that information is already available through the IQVIA data as far as insulin prescriptions in the various territories. And we use that -- those geographies and that data to determine how we structure the territories and where we put our people. The people in their territories will be responsible for all of the medical professionals within that group, and they will continue to do that. I'm trying to think, is there -- if there is another part to his question. Yes, and we structured it similar to how we've done it in the past. We have regions and districts within the sales organization.  We've increased the number of districts, the number of regions from 2 to 4. And so similar structure that way. And then we've worked out a comp plan that we think is very fair for everybody, and our guys are willing to live with. I think the most interesting piece for me in laying out the whole sales force expansion was how it was received by our team in the beginning. You're always wary of that when you start. Instead, the team raised our hands and said, we need more help. We need more exposure here. This is a good thing. There are people we don't call on. So we look forward to it. And as far as time, it takes everybody time to get acclimated to a new position, a new territory. For those who have diabetes relationships, for example, if you hire somebody from an insulin company or an insulin pump company, they can go back to offices they've already been to, and they're up and running quite quickly. For others, it takes more time. And that's why we have our district managers and our regional managers to help with those relationships and train those people. So there is a time. It varies based on the experience level of the rep before they start with us. Some hit the ground running and go faster than the one before. Others, it takes a little time. And we monitor that and we watch and go give those more training that need it. So it will be fun to watch unfold.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ravi Misra.
Ravi Misra: So just wanted to go back to the gross margin and the kind of CapEx investments and scale up that you're looking to make. I'm trying to figure out, Quentin and Kevin, you're building all this capacity presumably for the next, I'm guessing, decade or so. How do we think about that plant or the plants coming online in terms of what level of volume do you think you need to be when it comes to the kind of sales numbers that you put out there for the long term to kind of really truly get those plants to lever the fixed cost investments they've made? I guess what I'm trying to ask is sales ramp faster than we've kind of modeled here. Is there upside to your gross margin conversely if it's kind of in line with the long-term guidance? What gets that 65% higher that contemplate these CapEx investments?
Kevin Sayer: You go first. I'll go after you.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Well, I would -- Ravi, it's a great question. I'd remind you, the $4 billion to $4.5 billion revenue figure we put out there out in 2025 or so was more or less our base case. That's how we qualified that to you folks. And it started to open up a bit of the type 2 nonintensive opportunity, but there's a massive market that sits in front of us. And as we open that up in bigger ways, as you start to open up things like hospital or gestational or get further upstream into the diabetes condition and get into prediabetes, those volume numbers are incredible. And so I mentioned earlier, we're talking about going from tens of millions of units to hundreds of millions of units of capability over time, and we're beginning to make those investments as we speak.  In terms of the CapEx investment, I think you're going to see roughly double this year what we've seen in the last couple of years. We've seen about $200 million of CapEx in the last 2 years each year. I think that is going to be north of $400 million, probably as we stand up this building and build out the capability that will then service for years to come into the future. How quickly we're ramping that is really going to be predicated on how quickly we open up some of these markets. What we're not going to do, and we've been very clear about this after having learned from the experience ourselves when we launched G6, we're not going to put ourselves in a position again to where we don't have the inventory to deliver to the patient and create a DexCom experience that is one that we want them to have. And so we are investing ahead of that curve, but we're very confident that the curve is ultimately going to be realized. I think the question is just nailing down that timing and know exactly what that's going to look like. From our perspective, we're going to be ready when it's ready to go. We're not going to be behind it, so...
Kevin Sayer: Yes. Thanks, Quentin. And let me add just a bit. As I look at volumes and why hundreds of millions rather than tens. As we look at the use of CGM, for example, as a diagnostic for somebody who may have prediabetes but may not be sure as part of the annual checkup, there's hundreds of millions of people in the U.S. who would need that checkup every year. As you look at 30 million people with type 2 diabetes in the U.S., I don't know if my 30 million is right, but it's close. If just 10% of those people went on sensors full time, you're looking at 60 million to 90 million sensors we'd be selling on an annual basis. These opportunities are going to require scale. And we've just made the decision going at this in a manner to whereby we do it gradually and hope we have enough when we get there. It's just not going to work. The opportunities are too big and the investment is required. That's why we've raised the money. That's why we've made the plans. That's why we've designed the product and set the relationships that we have. We need to go after this. And when you look at the size of the investment versus the size of the prize, size of the prize is way bigger than the size of the investment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: So the increased focus on the primary care office here near term with your sales force expansion I assume means targeting non-intensive type 2s sooner rather than later. I guess, first, how should we think about the ramp in this patient population before reimbursement models are established broadly for these patients? And second, do you have the back office capability yet? I know you're building out some more here to handle those patients over the next few years.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that one, too. Their focus will initially be on insulin-using patients who have reimbursement for the technology. The non-insulin users will, in fact, tag along as they become aware, and there are situations where some of these patients who have coverage. On the type 2 nonintensive patient, we've been very clear from the beginning that we're going to go about that -- this market 4 different ways: through programs, payers, clinicians, and then directly to patients. And over the course of 2021, you will see those 4 initiatives unfold as we gather more data and launch more initiatives. And so awareness will grow. As Quentin said earlier, and Steve, a very reasonable number of our leads from the Super Bowl ad have been type 2 non-intensive patients. Whether we can serve them or not with reimbursement today remains to be seen, but we certainly have a database of these names on people we can call on. As soon as we have the product offering, we want to get in that space ready. So I think we're preparing and getting ready for that. More importantly, though, as we make these clinicians aware, they can look for cases where they can make it available to their patients. They can look at situations where somebody can appeal for coverage if they have type 2 diabetes and out of control, and those appeals have been successful. So we're looking forward to going there and -- but these guys will focus on our core markets and where we play with reimbursement, first and foremost.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord.
Kyle Rose: I just wanted to ask a little bit more about just the investments in the SG&A side in 2021. I think the sales force investments are well understood. But maybe just help us understand specifically on DTC and sampling, how does that change the cost and the time line of a customer acquisition? And then also maybe the capture rate in the retention, can you just give us the metrics to understand how to evaluate those investments in 2021?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Well, I think when you look at the overall investment in the areas you identified, the most significant increase is likely going to show up in doubling the size of that commercial field force. And then right behind it is DTC and sampling. Sampling is a bit new to us. We've never sampled historically. We just started to roll that out in the fourth quarter and very early in seeing what that looks like. But that's a pretty easy one for us to measure. We're not going to give you the specific results of what that looks like. Although the fact that we're going to continue to double down on it should tell you that we're incredibly happy with what we're seeing. But that's as easy as knowing exactly where we're dropping the samples in the field and knowing exactly what patients are utilizing those samples, and ultimately, turn into a recurring purchase for us. So those are easy measures. And on the DTC side, with social media and the leads that get created from that, that ultimately turn into patients, that becomes relatively easy to measure as well. One of the things that I think was just really fascinating coming out of the Super Bowl ad is that we had 5x more impressions in the last 4 days than we had it for the entire year of 2020 on the heels of that. I think it's just remarkable the type of reach that we're finding with our DTC efforts. So we're going to continue to monitor those things and measure those and hold ourselves accountable to them. And as long as the return is there, we're going to continue to invest aggressively there. If we see the returns start to drop down, then we'll start to think differently. But we're not going to give specific return measures, those sorts of things. But the fact that we're doubling down in these efforts, I think, ought to convey the confidence we have in these investments and what they're bringing to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America.
Robert Hopkins: Quentin, I'll just ask a quick one of you. And you may have just answered this in response to the last question. But you said several times in this call how strong a inventory you're position you're in right now. And I'm just curious if you could talk a little bit specifically about what you're able to do in 2021 that you weren't able to do in 2020 as a result of that very strong inventory position.
Quentin Blackford: Well, look, Bob, I think it's a good question. But historically, I think we've seen opportunities sit in front of us. And we knew they were available to us, but we couldn't aggressively pursue them because we knew we couldn't get patient to the -- our product to the patient once they became aware of the opportunity. So what you didn't want to do is create all this awareness and then be in a back order situation immediately. And if you go back to 2019, we operated through most all of '19 in a back order situation. We came out of that early in '20 which has now allowed us to build inventories and put ourselves in a position where we can start to get more aggressive with these things. So I think it enables a whole lot of opportunities for us to get a whole lot more strategic than where we could historically just because those opportunities weren't real. We couldn't serve the patient at that point in time. Now we can.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim.
Christopher Pasquale: I wanted to follow-up on the question about non-intensive type 2s. Back at the analyst meeting, you set a pretty ambitious goal for that segment to contribute 15% of sales by 2025. Can you tell us what that was in 2020, just as a baseline? And what the gating factors might be for starting to provide more visibility into how you're tracking towards that goal?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. We really can't lay that out for 2020. I think the way you'll get more visibility from us, as our programmatic approaches take off, you'll -- we'll be able to speak about revenues from the programs. Additionally, as you look out to 2023, it's my belief and attention on '23, '24 and '25, this will be a product that is distributed through our typical distribution channels, and there will be visibility that way. When we have meaningful revenues to report, we'll certainly let you know that that's going on. But we don't -- right now, these are more investments than they are our revenue opportunities. We need to gather data. We need to show that this works. We need to create relationships like we have at Intermountain Health care, for example, where they're running a study right now to look at CGM in these patients in a couple of different ways. The program we talked about that we ran down in Florida internally is now part of one of our programs where Healthstats is offering CGM to their type 2 patients. Up to this point, even though there's been volumes created here, a lot of this stuff has just been really to invest and to learn, similar to what we did in the hospital business this year as well. It's going to take a while for these markets to develop. But eventually, we'll break it down and report more. But for now, we're just not ready to.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: This is Anthony for Raj. My question would be on gross margin. I'm wondering in the 65% guide for '21, how much trapped overhead actually is in there from the Malaysian plant as that gets up and running. But as you look out and that plant gets up to scale, I'm wondering where the cost per sensor will trend for units coming out of that facility, again, once it gets up to scale?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Good question. In 2021, there's about 200 basis points of pressure that we're going to realize from the investments in standing up that Malaysia operating capability. So I think that quantifies for you very clearly what it will be. As we look out into the future, we've said we believe we can get the cost profile to less than $10 per day in a 10-day use case. So think about that as less than $1 per day. Malaysia will certainly be below that, offset by where we're at in the states. So it certainly is a very attractive profile for us. And as we continue to think about ways to innovate there with automation, we're hopeful to take it even further. But that's a big enabler of ultimately getting our cost profile down to those ranges we've discussed both here today and in the past.
Operator: And we have no more questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Kevin Sayer for final comments.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. I did a bit of math while we were doing this call. This is my 40th call with Steve. And as he moves into a new role, I just need to acknowledge what a wonderful job he's done with our investors over the years. I think back at our calls in the early years, where we'd sit around and go, okay, what is it we're going to say today and what is it we have to report. This company has changed so much over those 40 calls. A marvelous effort and some incredible work, and he'll still be here, but he's going to have some different investors to please, and we're excited about that.  I do want to thank everybody for being on the call today. As you can tell, we remain extremely bullish about our opportunities going forward. One of our executives was having a conversation with me here one day and he said, the way he described DexCom is just as soon as we climb one mountain, we get to the top of it. And on the other side, there's a bigger one, and we start another climb. And I think as Quentin detailed our financial plans and what we have going on, what we see is a great big mountain and a great big climb. And we're preparing to do that. We think we can do it very effectively. We are very bullish about the future. Over the past several days, a lot of the talk has been around the Super Bowl commercial here. And I have gotten numerous pictures, videos, e-mails, text messages from our patients and their parents or their caregivers saying thank you for creating awareness. Kids in school are telling everybody, remember that commercial, I wear that.  And I have that, and this is how I manage my diabetes. We have seen such a positive reception to this, and the positive energy has just been amazing. So kudos to our marketing team, to Nick Jonas and everybody for getting this done. Our hospital initiatives and the new initiatives we've talked about. As I said, there are investments, but now we're getting numerous physicians reaching out saying, you've got to get this everywhere. It needs to be all throughout the hospital. It needs to be worn by the patients when they go home. We can't have them coming back, and monitoring glucose can be very important. We'll continue to go after those efforts. Our new market efforts are very strong.  And last, I'll go to the intensive type 2s as well. As I said, we created some awareness here. I recently had a conversation. I've had several conversations with people with type 2 diabetes absolutely struggling with what to do. What can I possibly do to take care of myself because they just don't know. And CGM tells them. It tells them what to do. It tells them about foods. It tells them about exercise. It tells them about stress and sleep and everything else. And we are really excited for this opportunity. You'll see us have a lot of good things come to pass in 2021 on all these fronts. But thanks, everybody, for continuing to listen. And great day, great year for DexCom and our team. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrienne, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean Christensen, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's third quarter 2020 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter; followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our COO and CFO; and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our third quarter performance on the Dexcom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. Before we dive in, I am also pleased to announce that DexCom will be hosting its biannual Investor Day on Wednesday, December 9, where we will discuss our business and long-term outlook in more detail. This will be a fully virtual event available by webcast. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements, are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our third quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Well, we've got a bit different rate over the past 24 hours compared to our usual earnings reports, but I am very glad to be with you today. Most of you probably saw that we pre-announced revenue after market close yesterday, in conjunction with the announcement of the retirement of Rick Doubleday, our Chief Commercial Officer. I'll have more to say about Rick and what is accomplished later in this call. We chose to provide the revenue pre-announcement in order to remove any market uncertainty about the strength of our business in conjunction with our notification of Rick's retirement. Our strong third quarter results reflect the resilience of our business and the importance of DexCom CGM to our growing customer base, even as the world continues to navigate the challenges prevented by the COVID pandemic. Based on this performance, we are pleased to be in a position once again to raise our 2020 revenue guidance in the year-end. Total revenue grew 26% in the third quarter, driven by our strong new patient growth over the past year. This patient growth continued in the third quarter with our pharmacy and Medicare channels, exhibiting the strongest growth in the quarter. We continue to see some impact to new patients relative to our expectations as a result of the pandemic. However, as our updated guidance indicates, the impact was not as significant as we expected and communicated on our second quarter call. We also officially introduced our patient assistance program at the start of the third quarter, extending our support to our customers who have lost coverage during this trying time. We saw a small handful of people utilized the program during the quarter, but it did not have a material impact on our performance. We've made excellent progress on the access front with nearly all people with type 1 diabetes in the U.S., now having access to DexCom CGM as well as a quickly increasing amount of people with type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. We recently entered into a government wide contract for the sale of DexCom CGM through eligible government buyers, including the VA. This contract will facilitate easier and more convenient access to CGM as it may allow for pharmacy access to DexCom CGM for eligible veterans. Another example of how we're making it easier for patients to take control of their diabetes at an affordable price. In addition, our team is doing great work to expand access outside of the U.S., including the recent publication of our U.K. cost effectiveness study that showed the clear economic benefits associated with use of DexCom CGM. Based on studies like these, we are hopeful that we will be able to drive near-term access wins on behalf of people with diabetes with government payers on a global basis. With customer feedback related to G6 continuing to trend at record levels, we have several initiatives underway to extend the DexCom growth opportunity and bring DexCom CGM to more people who stand to benefit from enhanced knowledge of their glucose levels. For our intensive business, many of you likely saw our press release with Eli Lilly earlier this month, announcing our co-marketing efforts of our G6 CGM with Lilly's new ultra rapid-acting insulin. This collaboration is a great example of our strong partnership with the Lilly team and should provide a nice boost to our efforts to extend awareness of Dexcom CGM among practicing clinicians, including primary care physicians. We are making great progress in our efforts to extend DexCom CGM to nonintensive type 2 customers as well. Intermountain Healthcare recently published the results of their first pilot using DexCom CGM, which demonstrated annual cost savings of approximately $5,000 per member for DexCom users relative to standard of care fingersticks. We are thrilled to say the large expansion of this trial with Intermountain is now well underway. We are excited about our work with UnitedHealth as they extend their rollout of the Level 2 program. Although it is still early in the commercial rollout, our teams are working together very well to ensure the kind of patient experience that we expect for any users of our CGM systems. We continue to support hospitals and help protect patients and frontline workers during the pandemic, with more than 200 hospitals reaching out to us about DexCom CGM during this crisis. We remain focused on generating evidence to potentially expedite approval for the use of CGM for patient monitoring. Along these lines, early feedback on the performance of our CGM has been positive, including several recently published articles documenting use of the product during the pandemic. In September, we also announced the creation of a hospital registry to allow us to collect data on DexCom CGM performance efficiently during this time.  As we press forward these initiatives with a great customer satisfaction with G6, our teams internally are intently focused on the next steps with G7. We commenced approval support trials for G7 in mid-October. This timing remains consistent with our previous discussions around the impact of COVID to our clinical trial timeline. Although all of us are eager for you to experience G7, we are committed to doing this in the right way and ensuring that the trials are run efficiently and that we bring to market a product that delivers a best-in-class customer experience for DexCom users. We expect to launch G7 into several key markets during the second half of 2021. Given the growth of the business and our expanding patient base, the expansion of G7 into all of our core markets will likely extend it in 2022 as we continue to scale manufacturing to support these markets in the right way. There is one change to G7 from our previous discussions. After extensive evaluation in several premarket studies, we have made the decision to launch G7 versus a 10-day product with a clear pathway to extend the wear duration shortly. Our customers' lives are heavily dependent upon DexCom CGM, and we have high standards to ensure that we meet our commitments to our customers. For example, while our 15-day configuration demonstrates survival rates in the 70% plus range, we don't believe this is good enough for our patients. With that, I will turn it over to Quentin for a financial review.
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the third quarter of 2020, we reported worldwide revenue of $529 million, compared to $396.3 million for the third quarter of 2019, representing growth of 26% on both a reported and constant currency basis. Our U.S. business maintained strong performance in the third quarter despite facing the toughest quarterly comparison for all of 2020 as we lap the 53% growth in the third quarter of 2019. The U.S. revenue totaled $398.6 million for the quarter, compared to $308.8 million in the third quarter of 2019, representing growth of 29%. All three of our channels contributed to the year-over-year growth in the U.S. with pharmacy and Medicare standing out as the strongest contributors, in line with our strategic emphasis and our efforts to streamline access for our customers over the last several years. Our Net Promoter Scores approached record levels amongst our users, and in particular, our Medicare customers including those with Type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy, a testament to the simplicity of our DexCom G6 system in the value of real-time CGM knowledge. Our international business grew 17% versus the prior year in the third quarter to $102.3 million and increased 21% on a sequential basis from the second quarter. The impact of the COVID pandemic on new patient starts continue to be felt more acutely in our international markets, especially as some of our core international markets have experienced increased case rates toward the end of summer and into the fall. This is primarily in those markets that have higher administrative requirements to access the technology, which are much more difficult with COVID related restrictions. However, in markets where administrative burdens are limited, we continue to see strong growth and momentum with the U.K. and Canada, especially standing out. In addition, we are continuing to benefit from the increased manufacturing capacity that we've driven over the past year, enabling us to extend the G6 offering to additional international markets, including our most recent launches into Belgium and Turkey at the start of the fourth quarter. Our third quarter gross profit was $340.7 million or 68% of revenue compared to 62.3% of revenue in the third quarter of 2019. Despite the increased pricing pressure that we have been talking about, this represents our highest quarterly gross margin since we launched G6 in 2018. Our teams have done a terrific job designing cost out of our products and manufacturing processes in addition to driving greater manufacturing efficiencies as volume continues to increase. We are more excited than ever about where we believe we can take the cost profile of our products over time, further enabling our ability to successfully navigate the lower pricing environment that accompanies are pushed to enable easier access to our products for our customers through the pharmacy channel. Operating expenses were $245.7 million for Q3 2020 compared to $187.8 million in Q3 2019, in line with our previous commentary. This reflects an increase of approximately 170 basis points as a percent of sales as we invested into some of our key initiatives in the third quarter. The increased spend in research and development is primarily focused on the G7 clinical trials, in addition to finalizing manufacturing readiness in anticipation of our future G7 launch. Within sales and marketing, we are prioritizing our direct-to-consumer marketing efforts, given the continued momentum with CGM awareness and the adoption runway ahead. With the results of our early campaigns delivering an excellent return to DexCom. On a go-forward basis, we continue to anticipate an elevated level of operating expenses in the fourth quarter and into 2021, as we move forward with our G7 pivotal trials, manufacturing scale-up and direct-to-consumer efforts. Importantly, general and administrative expenses continue to lever nicely in the quarter. Operating income was $95 million or 19% of revenue in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $59.1 million or 14.9% of revenue in the same quarter of 2019. This reflects a year-over-year improvement of 410 basis points in operating margin for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $146.9 million or 29.3% of revenue for the third quarter compared to $92.5 million or 23.3% of revenue for the third quarter of 2019, an improvement of 600 basis points. Net income for the third quarter was $93.6 million or $0.94 per share. We closed the quarter in a great financial position with more than $2.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents. This leaves us with plenty of liquidity to continue our capacity expansion initiatives for G6 and G7 in conjunction with growing CGM demand, while also being opportunistic with our investment strategy as we contemplate the long-term growth potential for our technology. We continue to anticipate some volatility to new patients in the fourth quarter of the year as COVID-case rates rise and fall in certain of our areas of operations and the global economy fluctuates. But with the strong third quarter results, we are in a good position to once again raise our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. We now expect 2020 revenue to be approximately $1.9 billion, representing growth of 29% over 2019. This represents an increase of $50 million from our previous guidance and $150 million from the midpoint of our guidance at the outset of the year, despite the impact from COVID over the past two quarters. As Kevin mentioned, new patient starts came in slightly ahead of the levels that we anticipated for the second half of the year and communicated on our second quarter call, although they were still down relative to our pre-pandemic expectations. For the fourth quarter, we expect new patient starts to be approximately 90% of our original expectations before the impact of COVID. Turning to margins. We now anticipate the following non-GAAP results to meet or exceed the following levels. Gross margins to meet or exceed 66%, representing an increase of approximately 300 basis points versus 2019, despite the pricing pressures that we have realized primarily as a result of our emphasis on the pharmacy channel. We expect operating margins to meet or exceed 16%, an increase of approximately 500 basis points from the prior year. Finally, we expect that adjusted EBITDA margins will expand to meet or exceed 26% for the year, also an increase of approximately 500 basis points from the prior year. Our margin profile is clearly reflecting the strong revenue growth over the past several years and our ability to drive strong operating leverage from our key strategic drivers. We have also benefited to a certain degree this year from some near-term operating expense benefits associated with COVID-related impacts to clinical trials, industry conferences and other normal work practices. We anticipate that some of the investments will begin to generate returns in the fourth quarter and in 2021. In addition, we will continue to invest to maximize our growth potential for the long-term and we believe that as COVID-related restrictions free up, there will be a return to spend in certain areas. So, while we expect the organization to continue to progress, the cadence of margin expansion may not continue at the same magnitude or with the same predictability as we've seen this year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steve Pacelli: Thank you, Quentin. Even with the ongoing impact of the COVID pandemic in our communities, our focus at DexCom remains largely business as usual. This means that we are focused on our patients, striving to ensure that they are cared for, and empowered by DexCom CGM in this time where glucose control is as important as ever. This also means that our teams are focused on executing on our core strategic priorities to best position DexCom to capitalize on our growth opportunity. The significant capacity expansion that our teams have worked tirelessly for since the start of 2019, has left us in a great position to aggressively target new patients via different strategic marketing pathways, including enhanced direct-to-consumer marketing and as of very recently, the ability to offer product samples to health care providers so that their patients can experience firsthand the benefits of DexCom CGM. While we are being strategic about these investments in light of the impact of COVID, our inventory position has us well positioned to take advantage of these new opportunities and provide full support to the efforts of our field sales force. In September, we announced a new five-year research collaboration with the University of Virginia, my own mater, of course. This agreement enables additional resources for our Charlottesville team as we look to innovate our artificial pancreas algorithm technology. We look forward to developing additional tools to offer our pump and smart pen partners to simplify the experience of managing diabetes for our collective customers. We'll also use the collaboration to advance our data analytics capabilities and research programs as we demonstrate the clinical value of DexCom CGM for customers for customers outside of our core intensive insulin-using population. This includes our efforts in non-intensive type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, pregnancy, and the hospital market. We are making good progress in our efforts to extend the use of DexCom CGM to the broad type 2 population. This includes continued traction in our type 2 intensive segment, where the recent VA contract adds to our significant reimbursement progress thus far in 2020. With Medicare, UnitedHealthcare, Aetna, The VA, and others now covering DexCom for the type 2 intensive population, we are confident that this will be a nice growth driver for the company and a great outcome for those with type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. But we are equally excited about the work we are conducting demonstrate the value of DexCom CGM for the non-intensive type 2 community. In addition to our work with Level2 and Intermountain Healthcare, which Kevin mentioned, we will kick off commercial pilot programs with several of our key digital health partners in the fourth quarter. Our automated insulin delivery partnership strategy continues to support our growth and position DexCom to lead the shift toward connected devices for people with diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. Tandem's Control-IQ became the first automated insulin delivery system driven by DexCom technology earlier this year and has quickly generated great momentum for both companies and, more importantly, great outcomes for users of the system. As we drop closer to the start of 2021, we are excited for the anticipated launch of Insulet's Omnipod 5 system in the first half of next year. This represents another important step for DexCom as we will have systems commercially available that are arguably best-in-class solutions for both tube and patch pump technologies. And with our integration work with Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, and Ypsomed progressing as well, we believe that DexCom is well-positioned to support our core markets for users of insulin pump and smart pen systems in the years ahead. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks Steve. As we head towards the collation of 2020, I want to take a moment to extend my gratitude to Rick Doubleday, our Chief Commercial Officer, who plans to retire at the end of this year and continue with us in a consulting role through 2021. Rick joined DexCom in 2009, leading our sales organization from approximately $49 million in sales in this first full year to the $1.9 billion that we're closing in on now. I can't think of many examples where a commercial leader has overseen companion growth of greater than 40% over a 10-year period. But that is what Rick has accomplished here at DexCom. He is a great leader and a great friend who has developed a solid plan to execute as we progress into 2021 and the launch of our G7 system. Rick has also worked extensively to develop a very talented commercial team. So we are in a great position as we press forward to execute on our goals in 2021 and beyond. So I hope you will join me in expressing appreciation for Rick's outstanding leadership at DexCom, and best wishes as he embraced his well-deserved time spent with his family. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Thank you and congrats on a nice quarter. Kevin, you know the topic de jure, that I think is the focus to most investors now is the competitive environment and the pricing environment, particularly between you and Abbott. You both have great products. It's a large market. We've got a lot of product updates, both from your competitor and today with G7, moving into trials here and a launch in second half of next year, now with a 10-day product. How should people think about the increasing -- I know I don't want to put the word out there, but similarity of the options from the 2 products and how to think about the ongoing price differential in the pharmacy? I know you've talked about this before, but I just think it's important to reiterate the answer here given the focus for investors? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: No. I appreciate that, Robbie. With respect to pricing, I think our results very clearly demonstrate how well we've managed this process as we moved a great deal of our business. Through the pharmacy channel, and I'm sure Quentin will get into that more later as we get into more questions. As you look at our margins as great as they are with volumes significantly higher than they were before and prices coming down. We've truly proven that we can scale here. So we definitely understand how that works. With respect to products and features and things of that nature, let me start with G6 before we move to G7. This is an incredible product and it has incredible features and has truly been a market leader. It has taken us a while to get up to scale manufacturing G6 and get the capacity that we need, and we have that now. And so we will push G6 very hard and very competitively until G7 gets here. G6 is what we have today. With respect to our future products, I can't speak to what our competitors have. I know what G7 is and what it does. There are many features in there. We have not shared with everybody that will delight the world. We went to the 10-day life for exactly the reasons I said on the call. And it really leads into what's going to be the differentiation. We did this because we want the patient experience to be what we committed to. We have learned in our extensive research, the most important thing for us is to deliver what we say. And as we were getting out to 15 days, particularly with our algorithm with that sensor, we saw too many of them not making it. And while it performed great at the longer time, it wasn't great enough for us. So we shortened the life for now. We're very confident with changes we can make to make it last longer. Where the difference will be over time and where we're investing significant resources is on the experience side. The concept that One CGM experience fits all is just not going to work going forward as you look at the AID systems. As you look at people that are Type 2 intensive insulin users, who have migrated to CGM later in life, they may want different information and different experience. I think as we get the physical features of the product, exactly where patients want them, and we're very comfortable with G7, what's going to be most important is delivering the experience that keeps them engaged and leads to better outcomes, and we're very confident that we can win that battle.
Steve Pacelli: And Ravi, just to add on to that and hit on Kevin's point of the pharmacy, I think it's important for folks to recognize that in the pharmacy channel, our product is not priced all that differently from Libre with respect to what the patients coming out-of-pocket for. Greater than 70% of our patients are able to get on to our product at less than $60 per month, many of them with no out-of-pocket on a per month basis. So from a patient perspective its price vary competitively.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just a question on  I'm sorry to harp on the competitive landscape, but I'll ask more specifically, you saw growth in Europe did  was lower than, I believe, one of your competitors, and they did launch a competitive product and in Europe. And I guess, if you could give us a little bit of color on what's happening. If anything there is the first part of the question? The second part of the question is, just as a whole, you grew slower than the competitor that's been on top of mind for a lot of investors today. And I'm just curious if how much of that is supply constraint is being a little bit more constrained and not really pushing G6 as much as you could or will be doing in the future versus any real competitive dynamics here? Thanks so much.
Steve Pacelli: Sure. Danielle, I'll take that. Let me hit OUS first. From an OUS perspective, our performance in the quarter was right in line with our expectations. I think if you go back and look historically at seasonal trends in that international business, Q3 is typically up around that 20% range, and we were up 21% sequentially this year in Q3 coming off of Q2. To b e a bit more clear with it, though, we certainly saw some mixed results at the country level. And in those countries where the patients required to be in the physician office to train on, to go through the administrative process through all the paperwork that's required, we certainly have seen that be a slower uptick in getting back to normal volumes in the midst of this COVID environment. Clearly, COVID has impacted the ability to be in the office. Contra to that, though, in markets where we have our e-commerce platform in place, for example, U.K., Canada, we're seeing record numbers of new patients coming on to our technology and just some tremendous growth there. So I really believe it's more a story of what the model looks like and how COVID is impacting that or not in terms of the patient's ability to get onto the product. And I think if you look across the competitive landscape, and you go back to some of the commentary that's been put out there over the course of the quarter, for those folks who are more focused in the IIT space, which happens to be where we're primarily focused today in our international business, I think you've heard them speak to some softness in the international business as well. So I think what you saw come together for us was right in line with what the market is seeing. We feel good about it. Again, it was in line with our expectations. To your point, in terms of growing overall at a slower rate than one of our competitors, I think you have to keep in mind, we're navigating through a price headwind right now as we start to step price down and move more into the pharmacy channel. And we're making terrific progress on that front, even a bit ahead of our expectations. And if you were to look at the third quarter, in particular, in the 26% revenue dollar growth that we put up, if you were to look at that on a unit volume perspective, I believe we put up market-leading unit growth in the quarter itself, growing nearly 40% from a unit perspective. That's better than anything else out in the marketplace right now. So I think when you adjust for price, which is a bit specific to us and you really look at patients and unit volume, I think we're putting up market leading performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the question. I wanted to touch on the comment on Steve about sampling. And if you indulge, I'll just have two intertwined questions on the topic. The first one is, how should we think about the potential impact of sampling on Type 2s versus Type 1s? Would you expect it to be more impactful for Type 2s than Type 1s? And then the follow-on to that is we actually did talk to a doc last week that I'll say very gruffly told us you had begun sampling his practice for the first time. And he said, you expected something like 50% conversion of his first, call it, 20 patients or so into paying customers. That sounds like that would be a home run if that was broadly true, but help us understand how you're going to measure success or ROI on this new initiative? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Well, this is Kevin. I will take that one. We're thrilled to be able to sample at this point in time. And to be doing it in a manner that we think can be very large scale for years, patients have wanted to try a Dexcom and see what they could do. And given our status with our direct business and all the things we're doing, there were constraints around our ability to do that. We've removed those constraints as we work through the distribution channel. We believe that it's going to affect patients across the board, not only Type 1s, but I think your comment on Type 2 intensive insulin users is a very good one. They might be a bit more resistant to the technology, because they've been dealing with diabetes longer. And gee, do I really want to do that. If you have the experience of wearing a G6 and having -- being able to see what happens, this becomes very easy. And so we're really excited about it. We expect the results to be good, if not fantastic. And if you look at the payback for us, you look at the revenue we get from a patient per year. If we convert 50% of these people to full-time use, that is beyond spectacular program. We don't even have to come close to that number for this to be a spectacular result for us. But I think the recognition and the ability for a physician to say, look, I have an answer for you. Let's try this. It's really important to us, and we think it's going to be a big initiative for us this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Good afternoon all. I just wanted to weave a couple points into a single question, maybe we've been discussing recently some fairly tangible evidence that we think exist anyway that you guys might be looking to dramatically expand your sales force over the coming months. So what I'm wondering, I guess, more than anything is, one, is that true? Two, does Rick's departure at all signal maybe he wasn't on board with that or anything else in organization? And three, we don't typically think of sales reps in your business being a key driver of sales. So, what might be driving that plant expansion, if it is underway or plan to take place here over the coming months? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: I'll take that one. Let me address the Rick issue first. This has nothing to do with Rick deciding to retire. If anything, this -- all our sales efforts right now are Rick's plans, and he does get to see them through to the end of the year, while he'll be working with us through year-end. So, these events are completely unrelated. We are planning several things on the sales and marketing front over the next year. We won't reveal all of them. But what we do believe is we do need more coverage in the field, particularly as we look at the HCP community and those who are not endocrinologists as you get into primary care physicians who are seeing more and more of these patients. We need some access there, and we need some more feet out speaking to them. We're very cognizant of the return on our sales force has for us. And I would disagree with you, our sales team is great and they do provide a lot of benefit to our company. They are a great voice. And really our face of the company in many of these geographies. So, that I disagree with. We are fully on board with what we're going forward with and look forward to measuring the results of it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. Can we pause a little bit on your comments regarding pricing versus unit volume? At one stage, I think we were looking at a little over $100 million headwind in terms of pricing in 2020. Is that sort of the same number that we're thinking about? And then the second part of that is, at what stage do you close the gap in pricing so that unit volume strength really shines through? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, Joanne, this is Quentin. As we spoke about price this year, just coming off of last quarter, for example, we were talking about $150 million in the business, so I think we were north of the $100 million you had referred to. That was something that was probably a year old, to be honest with you, as we were starting to navigate through it last year. So, it was a bit higher than that. As we've made terrific progress on the pharmacy side, we've actually seen price be a little bit more of a headwind than what that $150 million would have represented. I think it's going to be closer to $175 million for the year. We saw stronger price headwinds come through in Q3 that were embedded in that 26%. And obviously, if you do the unit volume at nearly 40%, you can kind of understand what the impact was in the quarter. But the majority of that is being realized as a result of us opening up that pharmacy channel, which we believe in the long-term, is the much better channel to be putting patients onto the product through for various reasons. It increases access, makes it easier for folks to get onto the product. And importantly, from a profitability perspective, over time, will be a much more profitable business model for us. And I think just looking at the quarter itself, seeing gross margin reach record levels of 68%, while the quarter represents the greatest amount of mix in that pharmacy channel just demonstrates our ability to really get after the cost profile of our product and compete in that segment quite aggressively. In terms of how long it takes to ultimately get to the price point or the mix of the pharmacy channel, we're not going to speak to that today. I think you're going to hear more from us as we get to our Analyst Day around just how far we are into that pharmacy channel and where we see that going, but we're making terrific progress. They're very happy with what we're seeing.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Hey Quentin, just a follow-up there, just thinking about the fourth quarter guide, it basically kind of 20 points of momentum deceleration. That's probably five points heavier than you guided sort of into the fourth quarter last year. Anything you'd call out U.S. or ex-U.S. we should be thinking about in the fourth quarter and perhaps it just reflects, frankly, that incremental $25 million of price as you exit out the year? Thanks so much.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. Thanks, David. Let me talk through a little bit of the assumptions that we've made as we head into Q4. I think we continue to operate in an environment where there's not a great deal of clarity with respect to how COVID is ultimately going to impact the business. And we want to be prudent and thoughtful around how we set those expectations. First and foremost, as we move more and more business into the pharmacy model as well as the Medicare business continues to grow at a strong rate, the seasonal impact in the business is going to shift. You're not going to see nearly as much revenue show up in the fourth quarter as the patients no longer really incentivized to take advantage of a scenario where they might have already met their deductible and they're going to load up on product as they exit the year. So the seasonal trends in the business are going to look a little bit different as the mix in the business shifts. With respect to COVID in particular, our best estimate at this point in time is that we're going to see about a 10% impact to new patient starts in the fourth quarter. If we navigate that more successfully, then terrific, there's going to be some upside to the number, but that's our best estimate at this point in time. And then, I think that the other thing to consider is the fact that we put in place the patient assistance program that really hasn't had an impact on the overall results just yet. We saw it start to take place in Q3, but it didn't impact us in a material way, but if you think about it, that was put in place to help those patients who ended up being unemployed or just couldn't afford the product in general. And most of that started to happen back in the second quarter, as COVID really started to take place. And if you think through that scenario, we've got patients who would go on to COBRA for a period of two or three months, they typically would make their last purchase of a quarter's worth of supply, so another three months of product. And that puts them right into the fourth quarter when they're going to be making their next purchase, which is when they would now be coming on to the Patient Assistance Program. So our belief is that's going to be a bit more impactful in the fourth quarter than what we've seen in other quarters. I think when you take those sorts of things into consideration and when you try to quantify those, if you were to exclude them, you'd see a growth rate right back in line with what you've seen year-to-date.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Kevin, the comment that you made about not seeing what you wanted to see from day 10 to day 15, is that because you can't hit the iCGM designation? Was it just the adhesive wasn't working? The algo wasn't quite right? What exactly does that mean? Do you think you're going to have an iCGM designation for this, for G7 when you get out to 15 days? And then on the 10-day sensor, is it going to be a cheaper sensor, because I know cost is a big gating factor for some people. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: So let me start with pricing. Again, we currently sell a 10-day sensor, and pricing is very much based upon the cost per month, whether you buy two sensors or three sensors as we've done these contracts, CGM is a monthly cost. It really doesn't get down to the unit. Excuse me, particularly, if you look at the way our contracts are negotiated with respect to transmitter and receiver prices and you get into rebates on various component. So the cost per individual sensor really doesn't matter. It's what we can make and what we get reimbursed for in a given month. With respect to getting out from 10 to 15 days, for us, this is a problem that we can solve. In order to meet iCGM standards the way our algorithm works, as we turn the sensors off when the data, we believe, isn't necessarily good enough for iCGM standards. Many of our patients would argue that the data is just fine when we shut them off, but that's how we look at this and how we run it. We saw that we're basically shutting out more sensors than we wanted to right now, and we needed to perform better. As I said earlier, we can get 70% of them to 15 days with that trouble, but 70% in our mind is not good enough for our patients. We'd rather have a better reliability number and go 10 days. It is a cost issue more than anything else on over time when we get to 15 -- the COGs will obviously be less. But as you look at our G6 performance with our 10-day sensor now and the cost profile that our ops team, Quentin and the team have created. We've -- we're very happy with that, and we're very comfortable going forward with G7 with 10, we'd like to make it 15, and we'll work on that as soon as we're done with the 10 filing. We expect everything we do to have an iCGM designation, by the way. So there won't be any backing off on that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Travis Steed: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to get a little bit more color on the G7 timelines, you mentioned key markets in the second half of next year. Is the U.S. falling in the second half? Or is that going to be more 2022? And then on the U.S. pivotal trial, when do you expect that to actually finish enrolling?
Kevin Sayer: We're not going to give all those time line details out for competitive reasons more than anything else, our policy in the past has been more to announce approvals rather than to give a bunch of details on the studies. I did say that we've started our studies with respect to generating data for approvals. By saying multiple geographies, that obviously means there will be international launches. To the extent we launch in other places has yet to be determined. Right now, we're focused on a number of efforts, getting ready for that. And the complexity of G7 for us is actually, it's kind of a blast. It's very exciting to go through a change as big as we're doing. But literally, every single process in building this is different than what we've done before. And so we are getting factories and capacity up and running, the lines will be fully automated. We want to be completely ready to manufacture tens of millions of these things at launch rather than just a few. And in fairness to our commercial team and everybody in the field, we spent all of '19 living on about 3 days of finished goods, and we're not doing that again. That won't be  I have very  every comp and that will not be the delay launch, it will be getting all the approvals in. But we'll launch it in the appropriate timeframes and give color as the situation evolves.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Kaczor from William Blair. Your line is open.
Mark Kaczor: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on the G7 launch and just operationally, have you guys been able to start working through some of those payer contracts? Are they asking you to wait and I ask it just because of that lack of the transmitter, whether that's going to then structure that G7 sales cycle on an annual revenue basis where maybe days percent or don't matter as you extend further into the life of that. Or is it going to be sensor only?
Quentin Blackford: We've contemplated the G7 launch ever since we started negotiating contracts for G6. We don't view this as a big changeover for us. If anything, our team will be more than ready to do this in the field when time happens. And as it gets closer as we go through the next bidding cycle, inevitably, our team will well flow G7, there will be some payers who will go to dual pricing even though G7 is not approved, others will want to wait until the product is approved, the policies vary across the board. But we've contemplated the G7 launch and all the G6 work that we've done. So we have a model going forward that will be easy to repeat.
Operator: And next question comes from Ray Denhoy from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Raj Denhoy: Hey, thank you. Maybe Quentin one for you about the gross margin. It's been pretty impressive to see the gross margin expansion even as you guys are absorbing all of this price. And I guess the question is whether -- or really how long you can keep doing that? Is there a level, at which gross margin has to stop going up and actually starts to go to the direction as pricing continues to come down. And I appreciate G7 represents kind of a step change in that, but as we're still on G6, how long does this keep going?
Quentin Blackford: Yeah, Raj, great question. We couldn't be more excited about where we've been able to take the cost profile of our G6 product. And keep in mind, we're doing that at a time where we've created record inventory levels for the company, which just opened up more and more growth potential and growth avenues for the organization that we can start to pursue. So we're excited about that. We're currently at our lowest cost point to date on G6. And I think there's quite a bit of runway still in front of us with respect to take cost out of that product, particularly as we keep pushing significant volumes through the plant. As you look at the cost profile, I believe we can get to a profile that is less than $1 a day cost for the product, regardless of whether that's G6 or G7. Keep in mind, G7 from the very beginning of time was designed with cost in mind and the ability to get to a lower cost profile than G6. And so while we're making tremendous progress on G6, the ability to replicate that and do even better with G7 is something that we fully believe in our ability to do. Now that being said, G7 will be more expensive in the early stages as we're ramping capacity. But at scale, it will be a lower cost profile for us than G6. So I think there's still quite a bit of good runway in front of us. The teams are focused on driving cost out of the product. We're redesigning manufacturing process where we can take manual efforts and move them to automated efforts. We're moving into lower cost jurisdictions. We've renegotiated cost points with many of our vendors as they've taken advantage of larger volumes as well we've redesigned the logistics and distribution model that we utilize as well, taking cost out. So I don't think we're anywhere close to having realized the full benefit of all of that just yet, but you're starting to see it play through. To the degree that we continue to navigate through price headwinds will somewhat impact how high that gross margin can go. But at the very least, it lets us combat those sorts of things. So we're excited about where we're at on the cost side.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. I was wondering if you could update us on progress in intensive Type 2. Are you seeing momentum now on the commercial side with the win you talked about with United Animal recently, Aetna about where do you think we are in terms of the market on an intensive Type 2 CGM penetration?
Kevin Sayer: I'll refer to Steve or Quentin on the market penetration, I can just tell you anecdotally, what we're hearing is very much as these patients are getting covered, the technologies getting to them. We've always had Type 2 intensive insulin use coverage in Medicare. In that respect, I think our biggest barrier there. And again, it talks to sales force expansion and messaging was getting to physicians to recommend it to those patients and making everybody aware. So we're happy with that one. On the penetration side, Steve?
Steve Pacelli: What we said on the last call is that our Type 2 business was exceeding 20% of our patient base. I don't think we're prepared to update that today. But the other  the point that I would want to make on the  even just the intensive Type 2 space is the addressable market is simply larger, right? So whether you're looking at the U.S. business or you're even looking at the European or the other foreign markets. In the U.S., we're looking at a patient opportunity of probably pushing like 2 million patients, where we used to use a number maybe like 1.5 million in the U.S., I think were  the data that we have suggested that market opportunity is a lot bigger. So while penetration, certainly I think that we're making great progress on the insurance front, and it's a huge market opportunity as we look to continue to expand the intensive business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Two quick ones for me. One, I was just hoping you could give us a little bit more on the significance of the government contract you mentioned in the U.S., what impact that could have on the business? And then I just want to follow-up on the question about international. I'm curious if the situation is improving in the countries that have lagged due to COVID? Or if you actually think that might be a little bit worse here in 4Q as virus case counts increase in some of those places? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: The government contract is really important to us, particularly on the VA side, there's a much higher instance of diabetes with that group of patients than the regular general population. Being able to get access to G6 through a pharmacy benefit at zero co-pay, we think is a wonderful benefit for that group. I think it's just part of the general blocking and tackling that we do to continue to grow. So I can't quantify it. These are the types of wins that you've seen DexCom generate over the past several years, and we are looking forward to serving this patient base much easier than we have before. I'll let Quentin talk about the international piece.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. With respect to international, early signs are starting to point to the fact that new patient numbers are starting to step back up, clearly, not back at the levels they used to be at, but we are seeing those start to trend back up the way we would expect them to, over time. So we're seeing some good progress there. And clearly, that's in those markets that have the administrative burdens placed upon that are bit heavier in those markets where you're utilizing something like the e-commerce platform, we've seen terrific results there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens. Your line is open.
Chris Cooley: Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. Just maybe this point from me interested, Steve, when you think about the UVA collaboration and you talked about the advanced analytics, DexCom already essentially owns and controls the data through the generation. You have the algorithms in place. How's there on maybe the future revenue streams from whether we want to call this an IT management or some type of other ways that you could further leverage the data that you have in-house now to further enhance the margin profile longer term?
Steve Pacelli: Yes. No, it's a great question. We've spent time exploring ways to monetize the data to date. And quite frankly, at this point, to the extent we can help our partners be more competitive with the algorithms that we provide to them and/or that we provide to our patients just from a patient capture and patient retention perspective, I think we're pretty happy with that. The UVA collaboration, in particular, you guys all know we bought TypeZero, a few years back. That algorithm, in particular, is commercialized in the tandem Control-IQ product today. Really, when we look at the opportunities at UVA, it's really to expand to next-generation algorithms, whether they would be for automated insulin delivery, which we would probably do in conjunction with our folks at TypeZero. Or even beyond to be intensive insulin patients who don't use an insulin pump and even beyond that, whether it's Type 2 more broadly, health and wellness, pre-diabetes, even in the hospital. So we're looking at kind of ample opportunity over the next five years. To really work closely with UVA, who has been responsible together with our folks at TypeZero for developing these best-in-class algorithms.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. Just two for me, both on the commercial side. First, on the DTC program. Can you help us understand, I guess, the ongoing effectiveness of the program and where you're at with respect to rolling it out and realizing the value and the return on investment from those DTC investments? And then secondarily, are you seeing changes with respect to your referring physician mix. Obviously, you talked about maybe making some salesforce investments as you move more into the non-endos. Just trying to understand how those different channels to have different sales and marketing needs?
Kevin Sayer: Well, with respect to DTC, we have rolled that out, and we're going very strong here in the fourth quarter. Our return on our DTC investments has been very, very good to date. In fact, compared to other ones we've seen in other companies, our returns are extremely high still. So that program has not capped as far as effectiveness. So, we'll continue to investigate and you will see more from us going forward this quarter and the first of next year. We have a lot of fun things planned for you on the DTC front. With respect to more channels and referring physicians again, as Quentin said earlier, we had tremendous new patient numbers this quarter. So, we're still getting referrals, obviously in the endocrinology community and the communities where we serve. Traditionally, we just feel the need to go deeper and end to visit with more healthcare professionals and help them better treat their patients as well. One of the things we learned from -- we learned from COVID with respect to our clarity system as physicians had to do mobile appointments or tele appointments, if they can pull clarity data up on the screen, those employments become very effective. And there's a large group of physicians who don't have access to clarity or haven't been using it. We need to get out and get our message out there. So, that's our plan. It will go deeper and to help our people focus more on those territories where they work.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon. I hate to get granular here, but I thought I heard Kevin say that new patient growth continued in the third quarter. And yes, there's a couple of ways to interpret that comment. So, my question is, did you add more new patients in 3Q 2020 than you did in 3Q 2019?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Jayson, just to be Q3 2020 was a record number of nutrition ads for us. So, it was the highest quarterly new patient add of any quarter in our history.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi there, this is Iris [ph] calling for Ravi. So, if you can talk a bit about CGM coverage under Medicaid. So as we think about the macro economy, the unemployment rate is high, and maybe there are more people moving to Medicaid from other insurances. So, can you talk about CGM coverage under Medicaid? And do you think the shift to Medicaid would reduce patients' access to CGM or increased pricing pressure? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. I will take that. We have Medicaid coverage in approximately 40 of the 50 states as we sit here today. And I would be in full disclosure. It's spotty in some states, it's very easy in some saves, they make it very hard as they're very budget conscious, and they're worried about spending dollars. We believe  and we have various pricing arrangements throughout all the states. There's a wide range of pricing there. I don't -- if we had coverage in all 50 states and everything were equal in almost every device business, Medicaid pricing ends up being lower than everything else. And we're prepared to do that. We believe these patients is sort of access to our technology as well. But really the challenge for us has been getting it across the finish line in a manner to whereby patients can get the technology. And it's just too hard right now. We are trying hard to be better. And we've had some major wins on that front. But there's a couple of states where we just keep knocking on the door and keep -- I mean, there are some states where we get across the finish line, and then they've attached Medicaid coverage to some other thing and in the state legislature and we get thrown out. It's been a very frustrating thing for me and particularly because so many of those patients are children and really deserve access to DexCom CGM, deserve access the share and fall and all the things that we have to offer. So we continue to fight that battle. I hope we have it in every state, and we'll make sure that we can compete competitively on the pricing side. We're not going to give the Medicaid business up. We want patients to have access to us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Blicker from Cowen. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker: Hi, thanks for taking my question. You've always said that at some point, competitors will close the gap versus DexCom and on performance and connectivity assuming this happens at some point over the next 1 to 2 years, do you believe DexCom can differentiate versus its competitors via software around the CGM and accordingly to sustain some degree of premium price long-term? You're clearly making significant investments here as demonstrated with TypeZero and the UVA collaboration. But again, do you believe DexCom can differentiate via software over time instead of the hardware differentiation you've enjoyed since 2012? And if so, when will we start to hear more about your software product pipeline? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Well, you'll hear more about our software product pipeline as we launch those products over time. And let's be clear on the hardware differentiate side, while we've said that gap is going to close, it still hasn't. And we still lead in connectivity and connectivity and multiple devices and interoperability and data sharing and all of those things. That infrastructure has taken us a long time to build, and it costs a lot to support. I think over the next several years, software will be a key thing, delivering the experience to the patient that will keep them engaged and provide a great outcome. I was at dinner with a long time diabetes patient the other night, and we started talking about experiences, and a guy looked at me goes, so wait a minute, you don't think one size fits all and said, no, I don't. I think at some point in time, you'll see -- I know you'll see from DexCom, different software offerings. So stay tuned on, on that one. I think the other thing that everybody needs to understand also about this market, as we look out over the next several years, is just the challenge of scale. And we've lived through this. As we continue to invest in factories, we've got G6 pretty much built out now. That took us a couple of years, and now we're investing heavily in G7. You're looking at somewhere between $0.5 billion and $1 billion in capital investment on our part to do this to get to where it needs to be to get these products at the cost basis they need to be, but also automated and at scale, so we can deliver the volumes that we need. And that will be a differentiator as well. If companies aren't investing in that scale, that's going to be difficult. So as I look out over time, connectivity and the higher experience that we provide, we still believe we'll be best-in-class over everybody else. But the software experience we can create based on the mentality that we have and as close as we are to our patients really is going to be a differentiator. As far as premium pricing over time, we will continue to work towards that end. We've done very well in the pricing -- in our pricing schemes now that as Quentin alluded to earlier, with our shift to the pharmacy, and many of our patients to Medicare, that's becoming  our pricing models have moved in the way that we thought they would. I do think there are things, we have CGMs to do, that are worth more than other things. And as I looked at this in the future, I do see an experience. This is just me personally, that it's worth a higher price than some other experience and conversely as some other experiences that may not be worth as much as what we charge today. So stay tuned on that. We  as I mentioned somebody the other day, we've kind of created this industry from 2012 to now, and it's going to be fun to evolving over the next several years as well.
Operator: And the next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. Quentin, any color or preliminary thoughts on 2020  how we should think about 2021 relative to 2020, the 29% top line growth you're guiding to in 2020 and the operating margin of greater than 16%, any high level thoughts? Thanks for taking the question.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, Larry. We're not going to talk about 2021 on the call today. Clearly, we believe there's tremendous opportunity for growth in front of us, given just the fact that there's so much awareness to continue to be had around our product. I think we've been clear from a profitability side. We're going to be disciplined in this organization, and we're going to make the right investments where we need to, to open up new growth channels into the future. And all of that will be contemplated in the guidance that we ultimately end up providing for 2021, but we're not going to do that today.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you. I, again, want to thank everybody for participating on our earnings call today. I really can't emphasize enough how strongly our teams performed during these incredibly unstable times. $0.5 billion in quarterly worldwide sales at the time when our field teams have had very limited access to clinicians, and it had to be very creative to figure out how to get the message out to patients. We've raised our guidance now for three straight quarters. We have gross margins approaching 70% during a period of managed price reduction, combined with unit volumes being more than double what they were two years ago and significantly higher than last year at this time. We have operating and net income levels higher than we've ever had before, during a period when our customer satisfaction scores are also at all-time highs, far in excess of those of our competitors. We are doing our best on our commitment to our patients. Innovation continues to thrive here. I personally learn more about sensor technology in 2020 than any of the other years Ive been here. All of this is pushing towards tremendous innovation going forward. And as we see the use of CGM and other applications and some of the things, some of our data partners or our payer partners are going to be able to do with this data going forward, never been more bullish about innovation and what's coming in the future. And barriers to our new markets are coming down. As we've navigated our way through the hospital experience and learn there, our Type 2 efforts with the program Steve talked about earlier, we're making progress in multiple markets for the future, so we'll be able to address those. You cant do all these things without a remarkable team. I want to express my gratitude to everybody on the DexCom family at this time, but I'll remind everybody of one thing, we are still at the very beginning of this journey, and it's only going to get faster or from here. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian, and Ill be your operator for this call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference call is being recorded. Ill now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator. And welcome to DexComs second quarter 2020 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexComs Chairman, President, and CEO, wholl provide a summary of the quarter followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our COO and CFO, and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that, there are also slides available related to our second quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events & Presentations page. With that, lets review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements intentions, beliefs, and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans, and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexComs Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP, with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our second quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We entered the second quarter with several areas of uncertainty as COVID-19 quickly spread, and Im incredibly proud of how the DexCom teams have responded. We established three pillars for our organization, to ensure the safety of our employees, to maintain service continuity for our customers, who rely on their G6 CGM systems. And third, to do our part to assist our communities as we address this novel virus. We are executing well on all three of these measures. And the results are indicated in our second quarter financial and operational performance. Total revenue grew 35% on a constant currency basis in the second quarter, driven by our significant growth in new patient additions over the past year. This represents more than $115 million of absolute dollar growth over the same period in 2019. This growth includes steady traction in the type 2 market, where we continue to see strong new patient additions as coverage expands. As of the close of the second quarter, the type 2 patient population exceeds 20% of our total US patient base, reflecting our growing traction as market access expands. Even with rising CGM awareness, there remain many people who continue to rely on fingersticks to manage diabetes, and we believe that there remains a significant opportunity for growth ahead in our core type 1 and type 2 intensive markets. As we discussed in April, new patients were slowed at the start of the quarter as clinicians transitioned to support their patients via telemedicine. We did see a nice recovery in new patient additions in late April and over the remainder of the quarter. Especially in the U.S. with our sales and patient care teams, doing a great job to ensure that both customers and clinicians were aware of the full set of DexCom tools to enable virtual care. The strength of our core business also reflects our focus on the service experience that we provide. Whether through our pharmacy channel initiative, the scaling of our customer support organization or the user interface and tools we built to our software solution, we are prioritizing the needs of our customers. We are now two years into the launch of our G6 system and the feedback that we continue to receive from our patients is incredible. In fact, Net Promoter Scores for G6 have now reached all-time highs according to both third-party industry analysis as well as our own internal measurements. This includes the most recent dQ&A industry survey of type 1 and type 2 intensive patients, in which G6 received a Net Promoter Score of 83. Well ahead of our competitors and in line with the initial results that we saw immediately after the launch of G6 in 2018. Our scores have been especially high among new Medicare customers, where the transition to our no fingerstick G6 system has been very well received by both Type 1 and Type 2 intensive users. Our customers are achieving these results while paying an out-of-pocket cost that is comparable more often less than the out-of-pocket cost of our largest competitor. As weve mentioned before, G6 has the lowest out-of-pocket cost for Medicare patients and will be at parity with any other CGM classified as a Class II ICGM by the FDA. The pharmacy channel has also proven to be a wonderful option for many of our customers and remains our preferred long-term channel. For customers using pharmacy benefits now, nearly 70% have an out-of-pocket cost less than $60 per month and 30% pay no out-of-pocket cost. Notably, this data is based upon the first five months of 2020, when patients are more likely to have deductibles still outstanding. As you can see, our products continue to demonstrate their ability to perform in real world settings and drive patient outcomes at affordable levels. This includes the use of DexCom CGM in additional populations beyond those with an insulin intensive diabetes. As we mentioned on the first quarter call, on April 1st, we received an allowance from the FDA to provide DexCom CGM to hospitals during the COVID crisis, allowing for remote monitoring on any of their hospitalized patients. Our primary goal in this initiative was and continues to be the assistance of frontline workers during the pandemic, and the team has been working continually with sites to get CGM implemented. We have made great progress to date in training hospitals and the feedback we have received from the care teams has been great. An example, near to us in San Diego Scripps Health, published a case study on their use of DexCom G6 since the start of the COVID pandemic and highlighted several encouraging points. The use of G6 was eagerly embraced by the hospital and nursing teams with high rates of satisfaction among patients as well. Early data indicates a trend toward reduced incidence of low- and high glucose values across all patients who use CGM. And specific to COVID-19 patients, visits into the patient's rooms have been decreased by 30% to 50% during the length of stay, saving valuable equipment and also reducing viral exposure for the hospital staff. As we stated previously, our hospital efforts were not a material driver of revenue in the second quarter, and we do not expect it to be for the current year. But the data that we are generating is invaluable as we assess the regulatory pathway forward for this important market. Whether it is the shift to telemedicine, the hospital initiative or our efforts to expand access for the Type 2 population with our various partnerships, our team continues to press forward in the midst of the challenges brought on by COVID. We've successfully doubled G6 capacity in the first half of the year, putting us in a great position operationally to address the significant market opportunities ahead of us. G6 is a platform technology. During the past 12 months, we have seen the launch of a very successful automated insulin delivery system at Tandem, significant progress at Insulet and other automated insulin delivery partners, introduction of the first daily enabled [ph] MDI systems, utilization in an app developed specifically for the Type 2 diabetes program at UnitedHealthcare and the recent launch of G6 Pro to meet a very important market need. We plan for numerous customer experience and product enhancement, as well as new market opportunities for this platform over the next two years, and many of these initiatives will be incorporated into the G7 platform going forward. And finally, on to G7, where we are pressing forward on several fronts. As we said on the last call, COVID-19 has affected our time lines on this project. Specifically, pivotal studies would be delayed for at least six months due to uncertainty at the clinics. And we are going to be fully ready for G6 conversion when we launch. Some G7 manufacturing scale activities have been delayed, as some of our vendors shut down for meaningful periods of time. And let me remind you, we are going to be fully ready for a G7 conversion when we launch. And a very small amount of G6 equipment can be used for G7. I am not going to provide you a specific clinical trial, filing and launch dates today. In this competitive world, we have no interest in sharing our playbook with the entire industry. There will not be a limited launch of G7 in 2020. Such a launch would not provide a meaningful financial impact and rushing to accommodate such a launch would ultimately delay our long-term plans. Design of the hardware sensor and electronics is locked and the G7 algorithm is complete. We have used our extra time to add some great enhancements to the system. We are back in the clinics. We are in the process of finalizing clinical sites and timing for the US and OUS pivotal studies. Our first fully automated G7 line is up in San Diego. Additional, G7 automation equipment is arriving regularly in San Diego, Mesa and at third-party contract manufacturers. I will now turn the call over to Quentin, for a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in todays earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the second quarter of 2020, we reported worldwide revenue of $451.8 million compared to $336.4 million for the second quarter of 2019, representing an absolute dollar increase of more than $115 million and growth of 34% on a reported basis and 35% on a constant currency basis. The strong growth continued despite some of the challenges posed early in the quarter by the pandemic with continued new patient growth reflecting the overall momentum behind real-time CGM in both the Type 1 and Type 2 patient populations. As Kevin noted, we are meeting this shift toward real-time CGM with a product in G6 that customers love, leading to our record Net Promoter Score levels. Our US business remained very strong in the second quarter with growth of 38% over the second quarter of 2019. This growth extended across all three of our primary US channels, pharmacy, DME and Medicare. Pharmacy remains the fastest-growing channel among the three, and our teams continue to prioritize this as a key component of our long-term strategy based on the benefits provided to DexCom, clinicians and especially our customers. The majority of national plans and PBMs are now covering DexCom via the pharmacy benefit with many incorporating a dual pharmacy and DME benefit. Our international business grew 22% in the second quarter on a constant currency basis, with consistent growth across our direct and distributor markets. We did see a greater impact to new patients in certain international markets as a result of COVID in the second quarter compared to the US. Unlike the first quarter, the reduced access for in-clinic visits for new patients did not allow us to offset our anticipated second quarter price impact with the same degree of volume gains. However, we remain confident in our long-term strategy, as we saw improvement throughout the quarter with new patient growth recovering and our direct markets returning to strong growth in June, as well as distributor orders beginning to rebound early in the third quarter. We are creating streamlined pathways for new patients to access DexCom CGM through different channels in our international markets. Building from the successful launch of our Canadian e-commerce platform, which drove record new patient growth following its launch in 2019, we recently expanded the e-commerce opportunity to our UK market and are encouraged by the similar early results. Canada and the UK were amongst our highest growth markets in the second quarter. Our second quarter gross profit was $289.7 million or 64.1% of revenue compared to 61.4% of revenue in the second quarter of 2019. The gross margin was sequentially consistent with our Q1 performance and consistent with the expectations that we noted on the Q1 call for a more muted improvement between Q1 and Q4 of 2020 as we continue to ramp costs associated with the introduction of our G7 lines. Importantly, we now have our first G7 line in place in producing product for clinical trials. The 270-basis point year-over-year margin improvement was driven primarily by product design developments, most notably our lower cost transmitter. Operating expenses were $213 million for Q2 2020 compared to $200.3 million in Q2 2019. This reflects an increase of 6% year-over-year and a 1240 basis point reduction as a percent of revenue from the second quarter of 2019. As an organization, we continue to make great strides as we invest in the initiatives that will drive DexCom's long-term growth. While also remaining disciplined as an organization, and this is evident in our second quarter results. Just as COVID did impact our topline, it also had an impact on certain spending activities, which resulted in some of the operating margin improvement during the quarter and was therefore, temporary in nature. As a result, we expect moderation in the year-over-year margin comparisons in the second half of the year as we invest in several key initiatives for the company, including the G7 clinical trials, G7 manufacturing scale up, our new market efforts and direct-to-consumer advertising that we began to accelerate late in the second quarter. Operating income was $76.7 million or 17% of revenue in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $6.2 million or 1.8% of revenue in the same quarter of 2019. This reflects a year-over-year improvement of more than 1,500 basis points in operating margin for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $122.6 million or 27.1% of revenue for the second quarter compared to $45.9 million or 13.6% of revenue for the second quarter of 2019. Net income for the second quarter was $77.1 million or $0.79 per share. Over the past two years, we have made tremendous progress, towards becoming a profitable company. As a result, it is now becoming evident that we're going to be able to utilize the significant historic tax benefits that we have accrued over time. And we are approaching a position where in the near future, we expect to release the valuation allowance that we have been required to place against many of our tax benefits in the past. This is something that we have been in front of and planning for, including the implementation of a global tax structure over the last couple of years that will allow us to continue to expand rapidly and efficiently on a global basis. As we set expectations for 2021, we will look to provide clarity around our annual tax rate expectations and leverage the benefits associated with the tax structure we put in place, in contemplation of such an event. In early May, we took advantage of market conditions to further solidify our balance sheet, with a new convertible note offering. On the strength of the offering, we closed the quarter in a great financial position with more than $2.5 billion of cash, utilizing a combination of the cash generated from the convertible note offering, as well as DexCom's stock, we redeemed the majority of our 2022 convertible notes, in the second quarter and will redeem the remainder later this week. Our cash position leaves us in great shape to pursue the growth opportunities ahead of us, including support of the development of new markets, opportunistic investment and capabilities that complement our growth, and capital allocation into our G7 scale up and Malaysian manufacturing facility. As we look to the second half of the year, there remains several areas of uncertainty as we contemplate the continuation of the COVID pandemic and its global impact, including employment rates, and update of our patient assistance program in the US. Nevertheless, based on our experience in the second quarter, the tools that our teams have developed to support virtual patient care and the growing clinical awareness of the value of CGM, particularly in the current environment, we believe there is enough visibility to reinstate full year guidance. We now expect 2020 revenue to be approximately $1.85 billion, representing growth of 25% over 2019. This represents an increase of $100 million from the midpoint of our initial 2020 guidance, resulting from the strength of the business in the first half of the year. Our teams have responded well and continued to drive new patient adoption and ensure the satisfaction of our existing patients. Given the recent uptick in COVID cases globally and in the US in particular, our guidance assumes approximately 75% to 80% of our original expectations for global new patients in the back half of the year, which was consistent with what we had experienced in late March and into April, at the outset of the COVID outbreak globally. Turning to margins, we now anticipate the following non-GAAP results to meet or exceed the following levels, which are ahead of what we established at the start of the year, including, increasing gross margin, expectations to meet or exceed 65% and representing a steady improvement over 2019. This includes costs associated with the initial development of our Malaysian manufacturing facility, and support of the growth of our international business and is in line with our long-term expectations for gross margins in the mid-60s. We are now increasing operating margin expectations to meet or exceed 14%. This revised guidance contemplates the increased second half spending associated with the initiatives that I previously mentioned, yet still demonstrating annually year-over-year improvement, as we leverage our strong top our strong top line results. Finally, we are increasing our expected adjusted EBITDA margins, to meet or exceed 24% for the year. Our team has done a great job to execute on our goal of doubling G6 capacity in the first half of 2020, despite an extraordinarily difficult and unanticipated operating environment, putting the company in its best position since the launch of G6 to meet the many opportunities in front of us. And we now look forward to replicating that momentum with the scale-up of our G7 lines. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Quentin. We continue to make great strides in executing on our strategic priorities even as we navigate the current environment with the utmost care for the health of our employees, the continued service of our patients and assistance to our communities. The doubling of G6 capacity in the first half of the year has placed us in a great position to creatively target new customers and extend the launch of G6 in several of our existing markets. We are gaining steady traction among type 2 insulin-intensive customers, building from our efforts to drive expanded access beyond Medicare into payers as we've seen with UnitedHealthcare and more recently, Aetna, both of which now provide access to the pharmacy. At the recent virtual ADA conference, we presented encouraging data on a subset of our type 2 intensive patients after their first 12 weeks of usage of G6. The data demonstrated average A1C reduction of 1.5%, significant improvement to quality of life metrics and 95% customer satisfaction with G6. COVID has also brought a clear focus to the long-term potential for CGM and the importance of glycemic control. We've spoken at length about the large market opportunities ahead for DexCom, including our focus on the broader type 2 market, hospital use and use during pregnancy. The fact that all 3 of these populations have now received exemptions to allow for broader access to DexCom CGM during the pandemic provides validation for these new market expansions. In early April, the FDA made a special allowance to permit the use of CGM in the hospital setting. In early May, we saw a special ruling from CMS to allow access to all people with diabetes who are diagnosed with COVID-19. And earlier this month, Health Canada issued an interim order for the use of G6 for all women with diabetes who are pregnant during the pandemic, and more and more data continue to emerge supporting these decisions and the value of CGM beyond the intensive insulin-using population. At ADA, our partners at Onduo presented data comparing the impact of CGM versus non-CGM use in their virtual diabetes clinic. While both cohorts or patients ultimately saw a significant A1C decrease. The group using DexCom G6 are reduction nearly 2x as much as those not using CGM. In addition earlier this month, UnitedHealthcare announced the expansion of their level 2 digital health therapy to more than 230,000 people with type 2 diabetes. This program, which utilizes G6 as a core component, saw great results in United's initial pilot work, including flinty significant A1C reduction for those with a baseline A1C greater than 8 and significant reductions to medication usage with some participants even achieving remission and no longer needing medication. We are pressing forward in support of our various partnerships to reach the whole type 2 population including our work with UnitedHealthcare, Intermountain Healthcare, Livongo, Waldo, Onduo and others. We are also excited about the launch of our G6 professional product, which has several appealing use cases as we explore the full value of our CGM platform. We are also excited about the launch of our G6 professional product, which has several appealing use cases as we explore the full value of our CGM platform. The product provides a natural extension into the type 2 non-intensive market by leveraging the strong existing reimbursement framework for professional CGM with a tool that empowers clinicians. G6 Pro gives doctors the flexibility to assess a patient's glycemic health in real-time for all patients with diabetes. As a single-use product, G6 Pro will also serve as a great introduction for a patient looking to experience the functionality of DexCom CGM. G6 Pro can also be prescribed for use in blinded mode where the patient does not see the real-time data to all people, ages 2 years, not just people with diabetes, providing all people with the opportunity to assess their glycemic health. Our strategy of prioritizing interoperability and patient choice continues to leave us well positioned as the insulin delivery market shifts toward commercial connected devices. In early May, we signed an agreement to collaborate with Ypsomed, adding another key partner to our existing partners in Eli Lilly, Insulet, Novo Nordisk and Tandem Diabetes.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Steve. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then re-enter the queue if necessary. Adrianne, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. Well now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Sayer: We can, perfect.
Jeff Johnson: Great. Thanks for all the information on the call and congratulations on the quarter. So Kevin and Steve, you both touched on hospital and pregnancy, gestational use. I guess what I'd love to hear an update on is maybe the pathway and timelines to maybe extending some of those reimbursements to more of a permanent nature, whether that's Canada, the UK, where we've seen some of the movement on gestational over the last year or even in the US. Just again, pathway and timelines on how we should think about when those can become more permanent contributors to the model? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: You bet. Ill take that, Jeff. On the hospital side, we are really now just starting to gather data from the centers that use CGM. When we started the whole hospital initiative, it was just lets get the product out there and help the staff at the hospitals and also make patients healthier. And we navigated through a series of things that we really didnt anticipate very well, such as the IT systems of the hospital and things of that nature. So were now starting to gather data. We also have learned, interestingly enough that a lot of the hospitals, even though they all got the same product, had different protocols in a different way that use CGM. Some of these centers would put it on anybody with diabetes. Somebody would put anybody with elevated glucose levels, and others would take the approach. We're not going to do this until somebody's really sick. So were going to learn more about the protocols and how it was used. And to start gathering data about the sensor and how it works, and also, were going to try and gather data with respect to how these patients were treated from a drug side as well. Anecdotally, what weve heard is our product performed in the hospital the way we thought it would, that its accuracy and performance really wasnt affected by the compounds used to treat these patients. And we should have a pretty good picture of where it is. Weve not had any additional discussions with the agency on the hospital data yet, because we really havent had anything in a form that we could present that would start us down a path. As far as next steps in the hospital, will take - we still have the ability to use the product in the system and with COVID not going away, I think well be able to gather more data. And now that weve been through this initial wave of learning, we'll probably get better data and more data and know what we're looking for going forward and put together data, well present that to the FDA, and at the same time, we'll present them what the plan as to what we think we need to do next. Thats going to be a while. And - but weve got some time to gather more data. On the gestational side and the pregnancy side, we have seen some countries open up and say, hey, lets go do this, the U K and Canada that you pointed out. Weve had very detailed discussions with the FDA as to what we need to do on the pregnancy side to get that label, and we are working on that. We all know the product works very well in pregnancy. All youve got to do is go to social media and see the DexComs patients who have had a child that they never thought they would have, who have diabetes of our type 1 patients on gestational side, we think our opportunity is outstanding, not only from a manage those patients who have gestational diabetes as a predictor of those who may in fact, get it. And again, we are running studies. There are studies being run by many others to determine what that model looks like. I think our first step there, Jeff, is we need to get just a pregnancy indication with the FDA rather than specific gestational one. And then head down the line to develop a product and a platform that fits into that market on a cost effective and a positive outcome basis, but we're very optimistic that it will.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I just wanted to talk a little bit about the quarter and maybe just kind of understand any differences youre seeing in underlying the patient behavior or patient demand in states or geographies that have high levels of COVID currently or any states or geographies that don't. I'm just trying to understand how much of an impact we saw to new patient starts with respect to your COVID in the quarter and how we should think about the potential for the rising case volumes, potentially increase in the second half of the year?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, we didnt quantify exactly what we believe the impact to be in the second quarter, but we tried to give some color and its the foundation for how we thought about the back half of the year as well. If you look at the end of March and into April, new patient starts when COVID was really starting to ramp at that point in time was roughly 75% of kind of that normal range that we would have expected. So you saw about a 25% impact on the new patient starts at that point in time. Now I will say over the course of the quarter, end of June, we saw that rebound nicely back in line with previous expectations, as things started to come under a bit of control. Now we saw it pick up a little bit in July as the COVID cases have increased a bit more that were all aware of, and we were very clear in our guidance that were assuming roughly 75% to 80% of new patient starts throughout the back half of the year. That's the best data point we have at this point in time. So I would just take you back to that reference point of 75%, 80% roughly, new patient starts throughout the month of April, is kind of how we saw the impact in the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Blicker from Cowen. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Can you talk a bit more about the recent launch of UnitedHealthcares level 2 program? How significant of a catalyst is this for non-intensive type 2 adoption in the US? And do you believe that this program together with Intermountain data that you've shared suggests that CGM use - will be more frequent and sustained among non-intensive type 2 patients over the long-term than the intermittent use case youve historically discussed?
Steve Pacelli: Yeah. I think - this is Steve. It's certainly evolving, but I think these are all validating points for us, right, that certainly, UnitedHealthcare serves more than 230,000 non-insulin taking type 2 patients and we would hope that over time, that program has expanded pretty dramatically beyond where it is today. We're in the midst of just continuing to capture data and prove out the value of this technology in the non-intensive patient population. We know we have something there. We know it's important. Whether it becomes a real-time all-the-time use case, over time, it very well could be. We're seeing some very positive outcomes for people using it for, frankly, a longer period of time than maybe we would have cited previously. So there is an opportunity. Reimbursement is still in its infancy in the non-insulin-using patient population, so we've not only got to prove the outcomes, we've got to get the product paid for. So it's still not even the balance of this year, not going to be a material piece of the business, but it's going to continue to grow over the coming years, for sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bobby Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Bobby Marcus: Thanks. Appreciate the question and congrats on a good quarter. Quen, I want to maybe spend a little bit on the guidance here. You touched on new patient expectations. Usually, at the beginning of the year, at JPMorgan, when you give guidance, you give us a little flavor for how we should think about revenue per patient and the headwind expected there for throughout the year as you shift into pharmacy and restructure some of your negotiations on price and international, so I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more flavors, we're halfway through the year, what's baked into guidance? And also, if you could spend some time walking us through the bottom-line expectations. You put a fantastic adjusted EBITDA this quarter. How much of that really is the new baseline? And if you could quantify how much was just deferred spending that we should expect in the back part of the year. Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Great. So with respect to the first part of that question around top line and revenue per patient or maybe the pricing headwinds that we've talked about historically, certainly, we came into the year with an expectation that, that was going to be somewhere around $125 million to $150 million, likely being around $125 million to $150 million, range. I can tell you that based upon where we saw price come in, in Q2, it was right in line with our expectation. We have not changed our pricing assumption, our full year guidance at this point in time, we still expect it to be around that $150 million range. So not anything significant in terms of a change there, the strategy we've put in place, to step this down over time continues to play out exactly as we had expected. So that continues to be consistent. With respect to the bottom line, weve made incredible progress from a profitability perspective, really over the last call it, four or five quarters now, with nearly 1,500 basis points of improvement in operating margin profile in Q2 alone. Theres no question that some of the spending was impacted in the quarter, particularly around efforts like DTC as we started to pull back some of that early in the quarter just with the uncertainty around how COVID was going to impact things over the course of the quarter and into the back part of the year. I will tell you, we did start that back up in early Q3. So you're going to see incremental spending in the back half of the year around things like DTC. The other thing to keep in mind thats going to impact your spending trends that won't allow the same kind of improvement in Q2 to play through in the back half of the year is the fact that we're starting up the G7 trials. Weve been very open and deliberate about the spend that's going to go into that. Were putting forward quite a bit of resources around standing up those manufacturing capabilities and ensuring that capacity is going to be there right out of the gate. We do have the first line-up. There's incremental lines coming right behind it as we speak and building out that entire supply chain capability. And then finally, weve already spent some time talking about it on the call today, but you look at opportunities like hospital, gestational. Those are significant revenue drivers for us into the future. Were going to make sure that we're spending in those areas, to ensure that open those up and provide for growth into the future. So we are going to spend in the back part of the year. Youre not going to see the same sort of improvement. But at the same time, were committed that over time, we will continue to mature as an organization. We're going to step towards the long-term goals of profitability that we've laid out. And I think we've made great progress towards it, but you're not going to see these sorts of improvement every single quarter. I think you need to look at it over a period of time.
Operator: And our next question comes from comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair.
Margaret Kaczor: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the type 2 mix this quarter. The 20% number seemed pretty strong and it seems like it's increasing. So, can you guys give us any sense around where these patients are coming from? Are they top prescribers for DexCom or other T1s? Or anything on patient profile, new to CGM or early adopters? Long story short, as we look at that T2 growth, even within the intensive population going into the back end of this year and into next. Is it push or pull? Or is it getting easier at all? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. Ill take that. It is getting easier. And I think the biggest catalyst in all this was when we got Medicare approval a while ago, and now were getting Medicare awareness with these insulin-using patients because a large number of insulin-using patients in this type 2 population are, in fact, Medicare patients. So, that has been a big catalyst for growth, particularly as weve gotten better at serving and taking care of those patients. I think the other catalyst is just the approvals we were seeing from some of the large payers. Steve pointed out, UnitedHealthcare covering type 2 patients on intensive insulin recently, again, giving more patients access to it. As these patients are having positive outcomes, access is growing and theyre matching the CMS approvals that we've already received. So, its coming across the board and its not coming to us from our primary prescribers, they are coming from everywhere. Many of these patients dont even see endocrinologists. So, theyre finding out about DexCom and coming to us directly because of our marketing efforts and because what theyve heard word of mouth or what theyve seen from others. Weve always felt this would be a great use of our technology, and it's proving to be exactly that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So, I guess, just on the international business, it looks like thats probably the only place you could really pick at here. Quentin, can you just summarize why the growth was a bit slower than historical trend? You seem to infer that trends in the direct market picked up in June and in distributor markets in July. Can we assume that you expect a greater than seasonal impact in international sales in the second half?
Quentin Blackford: Yeah, it's a fair question. I think its a bit premature to speak to that fact in terms of playing out over the course of Q3 with respect to the distributor orders. Certainly, we saw those orders start to come through and in the third quarter. I think the question becomes based upon what was happening with COVID in the broader environment today, do we see that actually rebound and double up in terms of the orders in Q3 or does everything just kind of defer and push a bit. Our guidance would contemplate the fact that it pushes at this point in time. Just based upon the best information that we have. If it were to all come in and terrific, I think we'd be very happy. Just a little bit of color around that OUS result. I think what you're seeing there is very comparable to what the broader marketplace and the industry realized over the course of the quarter as well. I think if you look at the data points that have been put out there by our competitors, thus far, they saw a slowdown in growth in Q2 in their international business, just as we did sequentially, absolute dollars step down from Q1 into Q2, which we certainly saw as well, but the broad market saw the same thing. So, I dont think you're seeing anything that's unique to DexCom. I think over time, we remain as bullish as ever on the international opportunity. Weve stated the fact that were going to step down price over time in the international space as well. And when you have a quarter like Q2 where the ability for new patients to get into the clinic and come on to the product becomes a bit muted, you see a bit more of a pronounced impact. So, thats all part of a long-term strategy that we believe in and are very bullish around. So, were still very, very optimistic and excited about that international business, but that's a bit of color that played out in Q2. And with respect to Q3, our view is that things probably push. But if we see it rebound, its been great, there's upside to the number.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon and nice quarter. ADA seems like a million years ago now  June, but can you give us an idea of what the key things were that you walked away from that you think we'll be talking about over the next 18 months?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, Ill take that one. I think, again, the walk away from ADA is how important CGM has become in all this. Almost every presentation you went to every presentation we saw the performance of drugs, the performance of other systems is based on CGM data. From DexCom's perspective, obviously, the drive of the automated insulin delivery systems was largely driven by DexCom sensors, regardless of who the presenter was up at the pulpit other than Medtronic and we can see our sensor can drive great outcomes there. I think the other takeaway is were not stopping innovation in diabetes. Everybody is still pushing forward, and we still think there's better ways to attack this. This is a big cost and healthcare problem in our country and around the world. And I don't think anybody is going to slow down. But - our biggest takeaway, compare that to your first ADA, Joanne, where we had to beg for anybody even listened to us. And now every place we go and just our industry growth, CGM has become the dominant technology here across all of the diabetes treatments. And we're looking forward to just continuing to be better.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt O'Brien from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Jason on for Matt. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a nice quarter here. Kevin or Steve, a higher-level question on the non-intensive side. I appreciate some of the comments you made, but I hope you can discuss maybe how you perceive these models or programs evolving over the next few years? Do you expect the revenue model to be similar to what you see with the intensely managed population? Or do you expect it to take different forms with maybe some possible risk-sharing or shared cost saving developments? Just anything you can offer there and how you see the contracts coming together over time, now that you've been engaged with payers and other partners on various models. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. This is Kevin. I'll add a bit to Steves comments earlier. We dont see one solution yet. We are working with a number of partners on the payer front. Were working with clinics. Were working with a lot of these diabetes management systems as well to provide CGM data to that to figure out what the best model for these patients is. Were not only working with these partners, but were doing a lot of market research on our own. And one of Steves comments that is becoming very evident in all the work that we do is type 2 patients are more than open to wearing CGM and learning what's going on with their bodies. They want a different experience than we offer today for the Type 1 patients connecting to insulin pumps and Bluetooth pens and sophisticated predictive alerts and alarms and things like that we have today are not as important to that group. But what is important to that group is that they're healthy and that we can reduce their meds, we can reduce their cost, that we can make their physician visits more productive and we can make changes in their help that save them these complications over the years. So I think what youll see is well continue to pursue all these models, at the same time, we're going to pursue the proper product configuration. And reimbursement models for us. Ive been in numerous discussions where we ask, if we get paid X for an intensive patient for a year, what should we - what should be the reimbursement rate for non-intensive type 2 because the fact is we arent saving their life on a near term basis. With an alert and alarm, we are not giving them something that determines their drug dosing decision, but we are giving information to better manage their lives. So, we think there may ultimately be a different class of product here and a different form of reimbursement even patients wear them all the time, which is, again, another reason were investing so much in scale here, because we like these things everywhere. I think the market is developing nicely and the constant thread coming from all these approaches, if this thing works.
Operator: And the next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to touch on the hospital channel a bit more, Id just love to hear how youre going to approach the commercial aspect longer term, you dont really have reps in the hospital. Do you need a partner there? Or are you planning to build out a separate sales force? And also, I don't know if youre willing to say the revenues generated in the half of this quarter that was a few million dollars or more than that.
Quentin Blackford: The revenues in the hospital wouldn't have a significant impact on the financials. The costs are exceeded the revenue. So, well leave it at that. With respect to the channel, weve not made a decision there as far as how wed pursue that. We are early enough in this process that we're not ready to adopt a commercial model. We want to leave our options open. We would explore partners. We would explore doing it ourselves. But well figure out where to best use our dollars. And then we haven't made a decision there yet.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Quentin, just a quick follow-up here for you on guidance. So, in the second half, you're effectively assuming that new patient start rates are similar to sort of the trough of COVID, even though there probably has been some improvement and you're not assuming any distributors sort of recoup in ex-US markets. And just kind of related to that, can you just give us a sense ex-US whether this was country-specific or just broadly ex-US? Because our sense is maybe Germany performed differently than Canada, performed differently than France. So, those two quick ones? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. I think in the prepared remarks, we were pretty clear with the fact that we saw COVID did impact certain countries a little bit differently than others. UK and Canada performed incredibly well, particularly on the e-commerce platform that we had put in place. Germany certainly was impacted in our distributor markets were certainly impacted. On the distributor point, again, I think it's just too early to tell if that's going to double up in Q3 or if that's just going to be simply something that pushes out over the course of the remainder of the year. I think at some point in time, it will catch up to itself, and we'll be back on that same trajectory. It's just too hard to predict if that happens in the next six months or not. And our guidance would be based off the fact that it does not, that it's been pushed. That's kind of how we thought about it. So - and then your point on just the new patient starts in the back half of the year. Like I said, we're trying to create some clarity for you guys in the back half of the year around what we're confident that we can deliver on. We're using the best data points that we have from our experience. And that 75% to 80% new patients start as what we realized early in the second quarter as COVID was kind of starting to really gain some traction. We've seen COVID numbers increasing here recently in the third quarter as well. And so that's the best data point that we have. So, that's how we went about putting the numbers together. Obviously, if we can navigate through that more effectively or to a better degree, then there's going to be opportunity in the guidance number, but we don't want to get ahead of ourselves at this point.
Operator: And the next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Kevin, as you mentioned upfront, Medicare is not enforcing the clinical criteria for CGM during the pandemic. It's unclear if this applies to all type 1 and type 2 patients are just those affected by COVID. How broadly physicians interpreted this rule? And what impact have you seen in the market? And do you expect CMS to continue to allow this exception through next year. Thanks for taking the question.
Kevin Sayer: You bet. We do not believe it's had an exceptional impact on our business, as far as bringing more Medicare patients to the table. And  but they are coming. On a broad scale basis, as we look at the Medicare ruling, we would be very pleased if we could get the criteria for Medicare patients much more condensed and much more realistic. We actually met on that this morning. And one of the things pointed out yet again to me is, Medicare requires our patients to document that they do four fingersticks a day before they go to CGM and our patients only reimbursed for three fingersticks a day by CMS. So there are large inconsistencies there. And this is a product that has tremendous impact with these patients. It would certainly be our goal to have these coverage criteria and the steps that patients have to go through to get CGM simplified and more broadly applied across all of diabetes. But that's something we're working on now, and I can't anticipate where CMS is going to go. But it certainly makes sense that we do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on another very strong quarter. Just a quick question on the type 2s. I think you mentioned it's now 20%. I think you said of your installed base, correct me if I'm wrong, maybe you said new patient adds. But how has that changed versus the year ago period? Just trying to get a sense of how that might be growing?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. No, it's certainly increasing nicely, particularly as we continue to focus in that particular area. The 20% is of the installed base. So we didn't give a sense in terms of the overall growth in that particular area. But we've talked about our focus there in opening up those channels. And I think the fact that we're now talking about it just indicates the progress that we're making there. So that's the extent of the detail we've given around it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the question. And Quentin, thanks for the color on new patient start headwinds. I was hoping you could extend those comments, the installed base. Was any notable change in attrition or utilization rates during the quarter or the first half of 2020? And are you making any changes to how you're thinking about those same attrition utilization risks in this new guidance? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. Great question. We didn't really see anything over the course of Q2. But to be fair, I think, it's probably a bit early to really understand whether or not we will see an impact. And therefore, we have contemplated something in our guidance in the back part of the year around our patient assistance program or attrition. And keep in mind, we announced during the second quarter that we would be putting in place a patient assistance program, but that wasn't going to be effective until the third quarter. Our view is that, if a patient were going to a trip, they would likely fall into that program. So when we talk about guidance in the back half of the year, you've got a couple of things playing out there. You've got the new patient starts that we've been very clear. 75% to 80% is how weve modeled it. But then we also are assuming that we're going to see some impact on attrition, and they're going to fall into this Patient Assistance Program, which is going to mean quite a bit less revenue to us, obviously, than what we might have normally received from them. So that's playing out in the back part as well.
Operator: And the next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Quentin, two quick model questions. First, just any numbers you could put around the expense shift from 2Q in the back half of the year. The leverage was really impressive. It would be great to have a better sense for how much of that was one time. And then can you give us any broad strokes on what you're thinking in terms of the tax rate once you start reporting one from an income statement perspective? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. We're not going to talk to the tax rate just yet. I think we need to get to the point where we flip that valuation allowance. We don't know exactly when that's going to be just yet, but we know that it's coming here in the near future. And the last thing I want to do is like I said, put a couple of $100 million gain through the financial statements that surprises everybody in the particular period. I think it's important to know we're out in front of this. We anticipate it. We've put a tax structure in place that's going to allow us to have a very efficient global tax structure and grow globally in a very efficient way with a very attractive tax rate. So we've been well in front of this for quite some time, and the point is just to start to put it on your radar. With respect to the other question, sorry, remind me what the other question was. OpEx in the back part of the year.
Chris Pasquale: Yes.
Quentin Blackford: So there wasn't a significant impact that moved the needle meaningfully in the second quarter. I mean, call it, roughly $10 million or so of spend that likely would have showed up in the quarter had we not been impacted. But I think importantly, the back half of the year is where you're going to see a significant ramp in the overall spend profile, particularly with G7 clinical trials getting go and G7 scale really taking off. And then turning on the DTC spigot for the first time in a significant way. I think one of the things that maybe is not as appreciated by folks is that historically, we've always been constrained from an inventory position. We exited Q2 in the strongest inventory position that we've been in with respect to G6 in our company's history. That allows us to start to open up opportunities like DTC in a significant way that we believe can drive growth into the future. So you're going to see that play out. Spending is going to be significantly higher in the back half. When you do your modeling, it's going to be almost $100 million of spend higher in the back half. We recognize that and realize it. But those things that I just indicated are going to be the areas that we primarily focus on in our spending.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And Ravi Misra, your line is open from Berenberg Capital.
Ravi Misra: Hi. How are you doing? It's Misra. I hope everyone is okay. I just want to pick your brains a little bit more around the reimbursement for some of this less intensive insulin management patients, Steve or Kevin, can you help out to think about what's the index comps control in terms of what you think you need to do to establish that use case? In a kind of payment? Thanks.
Steve Pacelli: Obviously, first and foremost, it's to build, as Kevin mentioned, to build the right products for this patient population. We think the products are going to be different. They're not going to have all the  there won't be nearly as  I don't want to say nearly as robust because the performance of the underlying sensor will be the same. But having some of the bells and whistles that we need for the intensive insulin population just don't apply the type 2. The software experience needs to be different. So those types of things are within our control or even, frankly, within the control of some of our partners that we've talked about, right? Livongo offers a patient experience to their patients. United, the Level 2 program is an experience that we've developed together with United, but it's really a UnitedHealthcare patient experience. So we're not going to  there's not going to be a one size fits all here. We're going to offer our own tools. We do offer our own tools today, and we're going to enable multiple players in this business to offer the appropriate tools to this patient population, because we know it's such a massive opportunity that it [inaudible] just make our sensors available to anybody who's a viable company.
Operator: And the next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Wondering if you could provide some more color on the e-commerce initiatives that you mentioned are expanding internationally. In what ways has it helped in Canada and now U.K. during COVID in terms of driving new patients and getting them started on CGM.
Kevin Sayer: Well, certainly, I think from an access perspective, it just makes it very easy for the patient to be able to find our product available right on the web in their particular country. And in many ways, it becomes something we can scale relatively easily. And we choose new countries to take it into. And I think that when folks are searching or trying to learn about the product and then they have the ability to purchase it, right there at their fingertips in a web platform, it just makes it naturally easier to come on to the technology. And I think you see what played out in Canada in terms of record number of new patients shortly after we launched it. The early success in the UK clearly speaks to the benefit of the e-commerce platform as well. So I think it's something that we can scale over time as we take into new countries and it clearly has the benefits with it. I think you heard in the prepared remarks, nearly 70% of all of our patients come on to our product for their first time through some sort of either virtual training or online training capability or in-app capability. So the e-commerce platform kind of lends itself very naturally into that ability to come on to the product.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. This is actually Young [ph] in for Matt. Maybe a question on the DTC ads. Can you talk a little bit about the impact that might have on second half growth? What's the focus in terms of the patient segment or geographically, are you able to take advantage of lower ad rates to go a little bit more aggressive on that? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I'll take that. With respect to the ad rates and the spending, I don't get too involved in that one anymore. I leave that to the other guys. But our team is very targeted with respect to the ads that we develop, where we run them, when we run them, and we have tremendous systems in place to monitor the leads that come in from those ads. We have, again, a team in place that if you watch our ad and e-mail us a want a information. We get back to those patients very quickly. They don't wait for several days. It's a matter of hours, and we give back those patients and let them know we are here, and we will help them and educate them and want to get their insurance information, their doctor information, everything that patient might need. We do track that spending and where we spend it, we track the results from it, and then we invest in those places where we think it will be better. But we are seeing -- working from home now, we see DexCom ads wherever we watch television, a lot more than we used to. And I think they've been very successful, and our team is really good at this.
Quentin Blackford: And I would just say, from a return on investment perspective, there's not a better investment that we can make inside of these four walls today than direct-to-consumer spending. It's amazing the capability that the team has put together in the targeted effort there to drive results.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much, operator, and thanks everybody again for being on our call today. We saw a headline come across our phones while we're sitting here what pandemic DexCom rocks here. I just want to tell everybody that we did have a great quarter, but we were affected by this like everybody else. Our commercial teams had to completely change the way they worked. And I had a town hall meeting with our team in the Philippines last week in the stories of some people who literally kept themselves locked up in the city for two months, away from their families to help patients are incredibly inspiring. We've all been affected by this and working from homes. And it's safe to say like everybody else, we've never experienced anything or planned for anything like this. But what an amazing six-month this company has had in this environment? I just want to list a few accomplishments over the last six months and closing today. And we completed a financing that gives us the balance sheet strength necessary to accomplish all of our long-term goals. We achieved an absolute -- worldwide absolute dollar sales growth increase of US$240 million during this chaotic time. Our type 2 business on the intensive insulin side is demonstrating strength and the outcomes we always said we'd have with these patients. We've waited a long time to execute on this plan, and we finally got into the hospital. And we think that will be a great market for us. Our financial performance is exceeding all of our plans on the bottom line, providing us with operating cash to reinvest in our business, as we talked about money that we need to spend over the next six months of the year. Our G6 satisfaction scores are at all-time highs again during this period of chaos. We have a great product supported by a very dedicated team. Lets not forget our pipeline. G7 progress is excellent. As I said earlier in the call, the groups working on this project are hitting on all cylinders. And there is nothing more exciting at DexCom than the sense of urgency related to a platform change like this that's such a monumental effort. We are redoing everything that we do now to bring this incredible product to market. G7 is not the only thing in our pipeline. We're spending numerous hours talking about G8, 9 and 10 and whatever else comes in the future, but we're also making sure we don't ignore G6. We have numerous product improvements and patient experience improvements with G6 that will be out over the next couple of years. We don't ever sit still. I just completed a series of virtual presentations for various groups here at DexCom. And one of the questions I was asked to answer is, why has the company been so successful? And I narrowed my answer down to a very simple statement. We provide a solution to a very serious problem and we do it better than anybody else ever has. As we look to the future, we can continue to do that only, we can do it much better than we do it today, and we believe we can solve many more problems in the same manner. It's going to thrill the health care community. And more importantly, we're going to save patients, caregivers, health care professional and payers' time, money and we're going to continue to save lives. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter, followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our COO and CFO, and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance, including statements with respect to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on DexCom and the potential timing of updated 2020 annual guidance.  All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our first quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you Sean and thank you everyone for joining us. Let me start by expressing my gratitude for the many healthcare workers and first responders that are supporting all of us at this time. We certainly stand with you in this effort and our thoughts are with you and those who have been impacted by COVID-19. As a quick summary, the first quarter was another very strong quarter for DexCom, continuing the growth momentum that we've delivered for much of the past two years. First quarter revenue grew to $405 million, representing 44% growth over the first quarter of 2019 or greater than $120 million of absolute dollar growth. This performance was driven by strength in new patient additions in both the U.S. and international businesses. Even as we saw some impact in new patient opportunities related to COVID-19 beginning in mid-March. We will address first quarter performance in a moment, but first and foremost we wanted to discuss the impact of COVID-19 and DexCom's response. The past few months have brought and likely will continue to bring unprecedented challenges to global health and economic systems as a result of the virus. While this has been an incredibly difficult humanitarian crisis, we have also seen many encouraging examples of collaboration around the world from public and private entities. We have seen people working to bring care to those in need, protect the health of the vulnerable and support the wellbeing of workers and families. From the outset, we recognize that DexCom has an important role to play. Our customers rely on our CGM technology to safely manage blood glucose and deliver insulin. In many cases, these are people with diabetes who have relied on DexCom CGM since diagnosis, meaning they haven't known a world without the peace of mind and real time continuous glucose monitoring.  People with diabetes are also at heightened risk for complications with COVID-19. Highlighting the importance of good glycaemic control during these challenging times, we set out with three core priorities, keep our employees safe, continue to serve our patients and work to help our communities. To meet this challenge and support these core priorities, we set in motion several initiatives. We quickly moved the majority of our global employees to home-based work arrangements, this transition enhance the safety of all of our employees, including our teams who remain onsite and benefit from a less stance work environment. Our IT and emergency response teams have done an excellent job to enable this shift and provide necessary resources for our teams to continue to function effectively and care for our patients. I could share numerous examples of DexCom teams going above and beyond to ensure that our customers receive product and the support that they need, but I'll share one that stands out to me. In order to ensure that our products were supplied in a timely manner, we had members of our IT teams who were willing to sleep onsite to meet the needs of our employees and our patients. As this story demonstrates our employees care deeply for our patients and we continue to work on new ways to enhance customer support in these unique times. This includes our announcement yesterday of a program to provide financial assistance to our existing patients who have lost or may lose access to insurance coverage for their DexComs supplies as a result of COVID-19. This program which we plan to launch in the next several weeks will provide up to two 90 day supply shipments for only $45 each and provide relief to our patients and what is clearly a very challenging time. As it pertains to our customers both the patient and the clinician, we are working on ways to ensure we have the appropriate infrastructure to support their evolving needs. Our extensive virtual resources for patient and clinician training and customer support are proving to be especially important as the world embraces the increasing use of telemedicine platforms. As a reminder, more than 70% of our historical new patient additions have self-trained using the resources that we provide, demonstrating the value of these resources and ease of use of our CGM systems. Even prior to the global spread of the virus, our procurement and operations teams work to access and mitigate any potential risk to the supply chain for existing products. Because of their effort, we have seen very little disruption with our manufacturing sites as both San Diego and Mesa remain fully operational. Our manufacturing teams have worked seamlessly to make sure that our customers get the CGM systems they rely on. We've implemented additional safety measures to reduce the number of people on site at any given time. We have implemented shift separations and added additional sanitation and safety measures on top of our existing procedures including thermal scanning. With the supply chain and manufacturing operations currently in good shape, we continue to be in a strong inventory position to meet the current demand for both the existing patients and new patients. We have seen some customer interest in stocking up on the product, but have worked to keep customers supplied in line with the provisions of their insurance providers. This also applies to our DME suppliers and wholesalers. We did not see a material positive impact from customer stocking on our first quarter sales performance. We have also looked at ways that DexCom could play its part in providing solutions that benefit our communities during the COVID outbreak. When avenues already played out, as hospital systems came under increasing pressure and had limited personal protective equipment, we began to feel the number of requests for our G6 sensors.  In the ICU, hospital personnel often need to monitor patients with finger sticks as much as every half an hour. In response to the request, we worked with the FDA to temporarily allow for the use of G6 in the hospital setting and we quickly set out to supply product to key regions battling the COVID crisis. Because of our real time connectivity, our CGM systems allow healthcare providers to remotely monitor a patient's glucose levels in real time reducing the need for finger sticks. As a result, there are fewer physical interactions between healthcare providers and patients, which limits viral exposure for hospital staff and preserves personal protective equipment. We are already seeing promising evidence of these benefits from the initial sites. Recently the FDA removed the three hour delay requirement for CGM data into our CLARITY software, allowing for faster data integration. As we roll this out in the coming weeks, our remote monitoring solutions will be further enhanced in both the hospital setting and for telehealth consultations for people with diabetes. We expect to continue supporting hospitals in areas of the country most impacted by the COVID-19 emergency, although our top priority remains serving our existing patients without interruption.  The drastic but necessary steps to mitigate the spread of the virus have also created some areas of unpredictability for us as we continue in our second quarter and the remainder of 2020. As I briefly noted above, we have seen some impact in new patient opportunities since the broader social distancing measures were put in place in mid-March. We are hopeful that this impact may be mitigated as conditions enhance their telemedicine capabilities and our team is certainly working hard to ensure patient access for those in need of DexCom CGM. Quentin will provide more detail around how we have contemplated this uncertainty relative to our 2020 guidance. Another area of unpredictability right now is around the timing of large clinical trials like we need to run for G7. We remain confident in our ability to deliver G7, but acknowledge that the timing of the pivotal trial will be delayed due to the pausing of new trials at most clinical sites. We currently expect a minimum delay of approximately six months for the pivotal trial. This is obviously a challenging time across the globe, but I'm very proud of the way the DexCom teams have responded.  I will now turn the call over to Quentin for review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford : Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted. The financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis, reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website.  For the first quarter of 2020 we reported worldwide revenue of $405.1 million compared to $280.5 million for the first quarter of 2019, representing growth of 44% on a reported basis and 45% on a constant currency basis. The growth performance reflects the strength of our new patient additions throughout 2019 and the first quarter of 2020. As we continue to see growing awareness of the value of DexCom CGM for both Type 1 and Type 2 patients. The U.S. business grew 39% in the first quarter of 2020 over the first quarter of 2019 with strong growth from each channel: durable medical equipment, pharmacy and Medicare. Pharmacy continues to be the fastest growing channel for us and realize the strongest sequential uptake in utilization to date as a result of the significant access improvements that our team has driven over the past year. Our international business also put up a great first quarter growing 63% on a constant currency basis relative to the same quarter in 2019. The $112.8 million in revenues for our international business represents an increase of more than $25 million from our previous quarterly high watermark. Strength was across the board including both direct and distributor markets. Our first quarter gross profit was $258.7 million or 63.9% of revenue compared to 60.2% in the first quarter of 2019. The 370 basis point improvement to year-over-year gross margin reflects the focused work of our teams to take costs out of our product design and manufacturing processes. As Kevin mentioned, our procurement team has done a great job of keeping our supply chain functioning well with little impact to our ability to produce product as well as our product cost thus far. We will continue to monitor this closely as the situation evolves globally. Operating expenses were $215.4 million for Q1 2020 compared to $176.4 million in Q1 2019. This reflects an increase at 22% year-over-year and a nearly 1,000 basis point reduction as a percentage of revenue from the first quarter of 2019. We continue to prioritize key areas of investment including our efforts to scale G6 manufacturing, progressing toward our goal of doubling capacity again in the first half of this year. We are also continuing our preparation for the scale-up of our G7 manufacturing lines and looking to support our sales growth with increasing direct-to-consumer advertising, as greater clarity evolves from the current global situation. Our non-GAAP results exclude some incremental costs that we experienced toward the end of the quarter in both cost of goods sold and operating expenses as a result of COVID-19. As Kevin noted, the safety of our employees remains our Number 1 priority. However, as an essential provider of medical devices, there are certain functions that must be performed onsite despite shelter and place orders to ensure continuity of supply. As a result, we are incurring incremental cost to assist our employees and ensure their safety to the greatest extent possible and expect to continue to do so in the near term as we support our people through this crisis. We expect to continue to incur costs related to our COVID-19 response until macro business conditions returned to normal. Operating income was $43.3 million or 10.7% of revenue in the first quarter of 2020 compared to a loss of $7.6 million or negative 2.7% of revenue in the same quarter of 2019. This reflects a year-over-year improvements of nearly 1,300 basis points in operating margin for the quarter. Similarly adjusted EBITDA margin improved by nearly 1,000 basis points to 19.2% of revenue or $77.8 million for the first quarter of 2020 compared to 9.3% of revenue or $26.1 million for the first quarter of 2019. As our operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin performance indicate, we are doing a good job managing our expenses and gaining leverage from our strong top line results. Net income for the first quarter was $41.4 million or $0.44 per share. Our balance sheet remains very strong with more than $1.5 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the first quarter leading us in a strong net cash position. The capital structure that we have put in place along with our improved profitability profile that demonstrates the cash earnings potential of this business provides us the flexibility to not only navigate the current environment, but also be opportunistic when needed. Our convertible notes are not due until 2022 and 2023, respectively, and are convertible in either cash or stock at our discretion. We have worked hard and are fortunate to be in this position recognizing that there are many companies that are less fortunate and struggling to support their employees. Therefore, although we are potentially entitled to stimulus funds as a healthcare provider, we have chosen not to accept these funds and hope that they could be allocated to other American businesses and employees who are in greater need. Turning to 2020 guidance, given the unpredictable current economic and global health environment, we have chosen to temporarily suspend 2020 guidance until we have greater visibility on the outlook. To be clear, this decision does not necessarily imply upside or downside to our prior guidance. Our first quarter performance was above our expectations and apart from the uncertainty created by COVID-19; we would be in a position to raise our guidance today. Ultimately, we believe the underlying demand for CGM has not changed despite the situation with COVID-19. In these early days, we have seen the benefits in the shift to telemedicine because DexComs real time CGM is connected. It has become one of the primary methods for physicians to monitor their patients and get newly diagnosed patients up and running. Further to this, as Kevin noted, the FDA has recently removed the three hour delay requirement for our clarity system, which will further differentiate DexCom CGM in its remote monitoring capability. In addition, as noted earlier, we've seen the FDA move quickly to enable the use of DexCom CGM in the hospital setting further increasing demand for our product. On the other hand, as we've seen office visits decline across healthcare, new patient starts could be impacted in Q2 and into the back-half of the year depending on how COVID-19 situation plays out. We will also monitor the macroeconomic environment to gauge employment levels and the ultimate impact of our financial assistance program. Further, while our global supply chain has remained stable, it is less predictable in the current environment and could experience interruption. Predicting all of these future variables has been difficult and we found it prudent to temporarily suspend our guidance until visibility improves. We will continue to monitor the situation closely and keep you updated as things evolve and we can provide greater clarity. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steve Pacelli: Thanks Quentin. Given our strong financial position and the growth opportunity ahead of us, we continue to press forward with the strategic initiatives that we outlined at the start of the year. As the COVID-19 pandemic has played out, we looked at how DexCom could play a role in delivering an impactful solution. Kevin already walked you through the incredible work being done in the hospital setting. Recent data published in the Journal of Diabetes Science and Technology shows the clear need for glucose control in the hospital and cements the reason we are so committed to assisting in this crisis. The study found that the COVID-19 mortality rate for people with diabetes or hyperglycemia even in non-diabetics during their stay was more than four times greater than patients without diabetes or hyperglycemia. Even more alarming for those who had no evidence of diabetes prior to hospitalization who developed hyperglycemia during their stay, 42% died in the hospital. These are sobering statistics and it served as a constant reminder to our team as we work around the clock to assist frontline workers. As we look forward, our commercial team has begun leveraging our extensive data platforms, which should prove especially valuable for patients and clinicians in an environment where telemedicine business are quickly becoming the norm. As an example, an article published last week in Diabetes Technology & Therapeutics showed great results for two newly diagnosed Type 1 patients, one a 20-year-old male and another a 12-month old female who were given a G6 and treated with telemedicine during the COVID-19 stay-at-home orders. Using G6 and our software tools, clinicians at the Barbara Davis Center in Colorado were able to significantly improve the glucose levels of these patients through virtual care. Stepping back, the fundamentals of our business remained sound and there were several encouraging developments during the first quarter as our sales growth indicates the momentum behind our no fingerstick G6 technology continued in the first quarter, and as we have said multiple times before, we continue to believe that there are significantly more people on intensive insulin therapy to standard benefit from a transition to our real time CGM. At the end of the first quarter we have now transitioned the majority of our Medicare base over to G6 as the only Class II ICGM on the market and the lowest cost CGM for the Medicare channel. We look forward to bringing G6 to people both with Type 1 and intensively manage Type 2 diabetes who are eligible for Medicare. We are also pleased that UnitedHealthcare recently began coverage for their intensive insulin Type 2 patient population. Combined with Medicare, this demonstrates the increasing traction that we are gaining in the Type 2 intensive market. In January, we introduced additional data demonstrating the value of DexCom CGM in the Type 2 non-intensive market. This includes our direct work with UnitedHealthcare, digital health programs like WellDoc, Onduo, Livongo and integrated health systems like Intermountain where our preliminary pilot should significant savings with the fulltime use of DexCom G6 relative to standard of care self monitored blood glucose. We are excited to be expanding access to DexCom CGM throughout all of these channels and look forward to sharing additional results as we progress in our Type 2 efforts. The opportunity for growth is also extensive when we look outside the U.S. where use of CGM remains far less than that of fingerstick. In February, we obtained regulatory approvals for G6 in Australia, South Korea and Japan and are progressing toward extending the G6 launch to each of these markets later this year. In support of our continuing growth, in particular the service of our international markets. We recently finalized a decision to develop a third manufacturing site in Malaysia. This will be another significant investment for DexCom and demonstrates our belief in the long-term opportunity ahead of us. We continue to advance the regulatory pathway for use of CGM in pregnancy, attaining CE Mark for wear on the back of the arm and we removed the pregnancy warning for G6 for use in Type 1, Type 2 and gestational diabetes. Following this approval, we launched G6 in the UK for pregnant women with diabetes and are currently working to broaden the clinical evidence to support the use of DexCom CGM for the management of gestational diabetes. Finally, our efforts as a forerunner in interoperability and our support of patient choice and their method of insulin delivery has us well positioned to benefit from multiple commercial systems over the next couple of years, whether through automated insulin delivery or connected smart pens. As you can see, there are many exciting things that the DexCom teams are driving forward even as we navigate the unprecedented time that we are now experiencing. With that, I'll turn it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks Steve. This has certainly been a challenging season for all of us. I know that there are many that I've met and people on this call that have been personally impacted by COVID-19 and as I mentioned earlier, our thoughts are certainly with you. I've been grateful to see the unified response of so many companies to work towards innovative solutions including some of the companies that we traditionally compete with. I'm also proud of the response to the DexCom team who worked selflessly to bring continuity to our business and assurance to our customer base in a time of heightened anxiety. We are pressing forward in 2020 with resilience in the current environment and continue to hope for the opportunity that lies ahead for DexCom. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question at this time and then reenter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks and congrats on a great quarter. I have a lot of questions I could ask you about the first quarter performance, but unfortunately I'm going to address the elephant in the room with COVID-19. You pulled guidance, but you do have a month of performance here, what's happened in April, was wondering if you could just walk us through, I don't know if it's Quentin, if you want to take it or how you split it up, but maybe walk us through how we should think about the expectations for 2Q and had to think about the impact to prescribing in a recovery? How remote telehealth can help or hurt prescriptions of new patients? And how to think about the impact down the P&L as new sales might be a disrupted offset by some of the new venues that you've been able to secure here with testing? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: You know, Robbie, this is Kevin. I'll start. If I gave you a whole bunch of April color, then I'd be giving you guidance and that's what we just said that that we weren't going to do. That being said, we remain very bullish on our business, as you can see by the first quarter results and we have learned very much that the impact of the connectivity of our device with telemedicine is becoming very, very well-known by within the physician community. We hosted a webinar last week and had 900 participants sign-up. We dont get 900 people to anything here. That was a huge win for us as we talk and learn more about that. So I think particularly with our system where it goes directly to a phone and a directly of clarity and positions can pull up clarity wherever they are working, that is a big win for patients. We know that diabetes, I'll talk about this a little more later but it's not going to go away and these patients need to be cared for. We think we  we solve a very serious problem by getting data to patients and their caregivers in a very timely basis. You heard us also talk about getting clarity more towards a real time platform that could literally give a patient the opportunity to call their doctor and say, hey, what's going on with me. And caregivers aren't on share follow all the time. A more real-time clarity is going to give that caregiver a good answer. So we see a situation where you have a very good answer. We're bullish on the business going forward. Things are just a little different now. Quentin, if you want to add a little more to it.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. No, I think you describe it well. I think Robbie, the thing is coming out of the quarter or over the course of the first quarter, the strength in the core business  the underlying business was incredibly strong. And I think from our perspective were as bullish as we've ever been on where we're at in this opportunity, the runway that exist in front of us and, and probably even more so now when you think about the long-term just with the hospital opportunity opening up probably sooner than what we anticipated. The whole play in telehealth, telemedicine, we know we have a device that works better there than anything else in the marketplace. And folks seem to be  seem to be understanding that to Kevin's point, the 900 folks that joined the webinar, it was a webinar specifically directed towards telehealth, telemedicine. So there's a real interest out there. So I think long-term we feel incredibly bullish about where we're at. In April, yes, the new patient starts, we're down a bit. We noted that coming out of Q1. We have seen it start to rebound a bit in April. I think it continues to build over time, but we need to see that play out and have some certainty there before we can get back to where we feel comfortable providing guidance. There's just too many  too many things that are uncertain at this point in time that we need that greater clarity on. But I would just reiterate the underlying strength that the fact that folks are recognizing the value of this product and what it means in the marketplace. From a long-term perspective, we're as bullish as we've ever been.
Operator: And the next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on a really strong quarter. And I guess just to follow-up. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about, so appreciate the commentary. Quentin, thank you on new patient as in April and that coming down, so uptake a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about how new patient adds, patient training, things like that could look post COVID if we are in a world where telehealth is a more prominent part of patient management specifically for diabetes, I would think that that ultimately would favor CGM, but just curious about how you think if that could change your long-term expectations around penetration in these markets and maybe a little bit of color of postcodes, what things might look like based on what you're seeing today? And that's my question. Thanks so much
Kevin Sayer: Danielle, I think we'll tag team this one too and I'll start. First of all, as we talked about in our call, 70% of our patients train themselves with the material that we provide and we've also had remote coaching services through DexCom care to help these patients as well. We've anticipated a day like this with respect to training for a long, long time, which is why we moved away from the model we previously had whereby we could make this easier and get patients on the system. So we don't see that changing much at all. As far as new patient opportunities and new patients coming in, whereas in the past, many times that was a result of an office visit. Now it's coming in possibly through a telemedicine conference with a healthcare provider. They can also be coming in through our direct consumer marketing. Our online efforts are  all the things that we have and then we have to turn around and figure out a way to get the proper paperwork from the healthcare provider. One of the other things that's key to remember in Quentin's remarks, he talked about how our move to the pharmacies accelerating. As we go to the pharmacy, the paper work requirements for healthcare providers come down significantly, so again making the whole process easier. And that's been our goal from the beginning to get this process easy enough to whereby. We can get the penetration that we thought we could get. And I've said for years that 80% penetration and intensive insulin users with CGM should be our long-term goal and it still is. And the easier we make it, the faster penetration will go and those efforts have not changed and won't change as a result of COVID. As far as post COVID world and what I see is demand. I think if anything, people are going to be more concerned about controlling their diabetes to make sure they're healthy. So if something like this happens again, that will not become a complicating factor because their diabetes is in control, not running rampant. So again, we see this as an opportunity to almost increased retention and increase usage within our current patient base as much as it is to grab new ones. So I don't want to sound opportunistic  too opportunistic about this, but we have an answer to a serious problem here and we think people will come to it. Well Steve, Quentin, if you have anything more to add...
Quentin Blackford: You covered it, okay.
Kevin Sayer: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon guys. Maybe moving over to the hospital setting. Kevin, a nice win getting the CGM or G6 into the hospital setting. Wondering what this means maybe longer term, any discussions with the FDA on whether data you'll collect in these COVID patients could be used to maybe accelerate a broader approval down the road for hospital use? Do you think you'd still have to go through the lengthy pivotal that seemed like it might have pushed hospital approval out two to three years from now or one to two years out anyway? Is there a way to accelerate that with some of this data that you'll be collecting here over the next X months with the COVID pandemic? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: No, thank you. We actually have had discussions with the FDA about this very subject and it is our hope to gather as much data as we can from these patients as they are in this hospital with various compounds being injected and to take care of their help to see how our sensor performs in this environment, how well connectivity is and what we can learn. Our commitment to the agency is with this opportunity will gather as much data as we can and we're going to share what we learn and see if we can in fact accelerate that path and get this device approved for use as a glucose monitoring technology in the hospital environment rather than, than what they're doing with fingersticks. And as we gather data, we'll take advantage of this opportunity. I think Jeff, the learnings we've had so far are astounding to us, as we're into a different channel with a different physician group, with different caregivers who haven't seen CGM before with rules and regulations around hospital IT departments and connecting a phone within their security system. We've had learnings that we would have never anticipated. We will be so much more ready to go to this market when it's time. The commitment we've made here from a dollar perspective is large. We put a lot of time and effort and the hospital team has literally worked around the clock to get this going and so we'll gather the data, will file what we see or at least share what we see and then determine a course of action after that. If we see highly positive results, it's not unthinkable that they would give us an accelerated timeframe or cutback on the work that we have to do are possibly change a label to allow us to get there sooner. We're open to all that and we will look at every one of those opportunities once we're done. But were really taking this opportunity very seriously.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew OBrien from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Brien: Afternoon, thanks for taking the questions. Can we just talk about G7 for a second? I think most people had expected a bit of a delay here, but it's a 14-day trial. So the six month delay I think is a little bit longer than some had expected. So I guess the question would be what would have to happen for it to be pushed out that entire six months or what could happen to where that delay is not necessarily that long?
Kevin Sayer: I'll start; again, well all of you guys chime in. Its not just a 14-day study. If we could run a 14-day study and put several hundred people on it for 14 days that would be relatively simple. These trials are not that simplistic. There's going to be at least four in clinic days where blood is drawn for 12 hours and we can only handle two to three patients at a time, at a clinic per day. So these trials are very well orchestrated and scheduled from a logistics perspective. We do not know when clinics who run these trials are going to open back-up and allow patients in to run these kinds of studies. Nor do we know when patients are going to run and allow themselves to this kind of study. So we're putting that time in there knowing there's going to be a while before things get back to normal in these large clinics and many large clinics where we do these studies aren't even letting patients come in the door now, let alone patients come in for clinical trials. So we've put this timeframe on it. How could it in fact accelerate, because accelerate if we found data on the system that would enable us to statistically reduce the size of the trial. But let us again remind you, we're not shooting for just anything. We're shooting for high ICGM standards and that is a high bar that is not an arbitrary bar set by the FDA. That's a high bar. We've met with G6 and we executed a perfect study to get that done. We've got to execute perfection again. So we've given ourselves this timeframe to make sure all our plans are locked down, that we can get the centers open, they can go and do this and we'll be methodical and thoughtful about it. If there's some way we can accelerate that we would, but we gave you this because we typically are prudent in our guidance and what we speak and what we think and that's what we see right now. That's it.
Operator: And the next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America.
Travis Steed: Hi, congratulations on a strong Q1. Did want to get a little more color on the impact of the patient support program and also the mix headwind that I'm assuming would happen as patients move from commercial to Medicaid coverage? So any color there of how to think about the headwind for those two programs?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Travis, this is Quentin. I think what you're asking is exactly what we struggle with in terms of defining any certainty around what it  what it's going to be. As we continue to see the fallout from an unemployment perspective in the States and even globally how that ultimately shows up or translates into our numbers, it's hard for us to predict. Youve take an existing patient who has been paying, in line with their program or their plan they've been on for some period of time and all of a suddenly fall into the patient assistance program. You're right? There is going to be a mixed impact on the business. I think that's part of the challenge with trying to draw the line on exactly where that's going to be. And until we have greater color on where those rates  unemployment rates ultimately fall out and the impacts ultimately fall out to our patient base, it's hard to predict. So that's what leads to putting us in a position where we ultimately feel best at this point just to pull guidance. Again, we couldn't be more bullish around what's going on inside the business, but we know there's going to be mixed impacts and shifts over the next several months. So right now the visibility is limited.
Operator: Our next question comes from Malgorzata Kaczor from William Blair. Your line is open.
Malgorzata Kaczor: Hey, good afternoon guys. Just wanted to follow-up with some more specific question about the hospital? And, so when we look at the sensors that are going out there, can you give us some sort of information in terms of the data sharing agreements that you guys have with the hospitals trialing? So what data are you targeting again? What endpoints are the hospitals and yourself interested in? And our patient's consent it to you or the hospital using the data at least on a de-identified basis, so that you can get kind of a larger national registry at least?
Steve Pacelli: Yes. Malgorzata, this is Steve. Don't read too much in net at this early stage. This is something that literally the hospital team work 24/7 to get products into the hospital to reduce the risk to caregivers, right. They werent able to take fingersticks because they have to  really, they have to actually change out their PP every time they would have to go pick a finger and they were just  they couldnt do it. So right now we are capturing data. This is all about being able to remotely monitor these patients to help the caregivers in the hospital provide better care. To the extent we have data down the road that we're obviously retaining, we'll look to see what we do with it. But right now weve not made any plans to do anything specifically with the data, either with a hospital or on an automized basis or otherwise.
Kevin Sayer: We have a couple that are under IRB, but it's not...
Steve Pacelli: Most of them are
Kevin Sayer: Most of them are getting this thing up and running to take care of people right now. But, Steve is right. Were continuing to work on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Just want to come back to the first quarter a little bit here. Kevin, you touched on this briefly in your preamble. We think about the effect of stocking and the effect of inpatient use. I'm assuming inpatient use was pretty minimal in the first quarter, but both these, these positive offsets potentially was stocking several million or tens of millions, and was the inpatient opportunity here recently several million or bigger than that, just trying to get some sense of the framework of some of those positive drivers here? Thanks so much.
Quentin Blackford: Hey David, this is Quentin. Yes. With respect to the inpatient, that was minimal, I mean it didn't move the needle at all. On the stocking side, you're talking several millions, not tens of millions by any stretch at all. It was on the lower end. I think that the point that we were making in our prepared remarks was there's several questions out there around whether or not stocking is driving results in the first quarter. And that the point is, there are several distributors who would have liked to have had the opportunity to stock up ahead of some of the uncertainty that they saw. But frankly we weren't in the position or we weren't enabling that to take place. We monitor this very closely. We have provisions in our agreements with those distributors; now limit the amount of days of inventory on hand that they can carry and so we monitor that. And so while there was an expressed interest to stock to a greater degree, we did not enable that and therefore it was not a driver of the results. And that was the point we were trying to get across.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening or afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I'm curious what you have seen either in the month of April or in previous recessions when it comes to attrition. And do patients start going back to traditional fingersticks? And anything you could say, because many of us on this call did not cover the stock back in 2008 or 2009 or 2001 or 2002 would be helpful if it's relevant? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Steve, you're the only one here.
Steve Pacelli: What I would say is no, I mean we've obviously had a very strong quarter driven by both existing patient base and new patients back. If you remember back in the 2008-2009 timeframe, we were still on the 2007 and the 2007 plus, which those technologies just weren't really ready for prime time. It really wasn't, if you remember it wasn't until we launched the Gen 4 PLATINUM and I think it was Q4 of 2012 that you really saw the inflection in this business. We really moved to a must have versus a nice to have in terms of our technology. So I don't know that you could possibly make a comparison to back that. I mean, back in those days it was Terry and I just trying to raise money, every opportunity we could to keep the lights on. So it's just a different, it's not even a comparable business at this time.
Kevin Sayer: About the only thing I could add to that is, we have done everything we can to make it easier for our patients to get CGM even during these tough times. In 2008 or 2009, we had zero Medicaid coverage. We had no Medicare coverage. We had no pharmacy benefit where the co-pays typically significantly lower than it is through DME. And pricing has been somewhat lower. So I think we've done everything we can to position our business to be more successful during a time like this and to help our patients continue on the therapy. But again, now you have what may be a recession tied to health care event, we may see exactly the opposite. The patients absolutely have to have this to it healthier, believe that they do. Again, part of the unknowns that we're trying to work through and trying to manage.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose of Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. So, I appreciate the additional commentary with respect to the G7 clinical trial, but maybe help us understand what you can do over the course of the next six months from a manufacturing perspective to help accelerate maybe the launch timing. Because if I remember correctly, you're going to get approval before year-end, but the launch wasn't really going to take place until you had capacity and that was a 2021 event. Can you help us understand what happens behind the scenes, while the trial might not be going and how that might help the eventual commercial pace when it does launch?
Kevin Sayer: Let's be clear. We never said we'd have approval by year-end, and we said we expected a 2021 launch with a limited launch by the end of 2020 was our goal without meaningful financial impact in 2020, if we had a limited launch. There are things we can do to accelerate those studies possibly. On the manufacturing side we have similar circumstances to what Quen described earlier about the core business. We have suppliers that we're not in control of or rapidly putting equipment together and building things for us. We have orders for this equipment all over the world, waiting for it to come in, to get those lines up and running. We will remain committed to the fact, that we will not do a full scale launch of this product until we're ready to go completely. And on top of that while we wait and sometimes we forget, we have a fantastic product of what we have in G6 and so we will continue to refine and make that better. I dont know Quen, if you have any other things, we can do on manufacturing
Quentin Blackford: No, I think the teams are doing a great job of pushing forward as well as we can, as fast as we can on G7 and just the automation capability from a production perspective, clearly having folks out of the office creates some challenging disruptions in the pace at which you move, but I think overall we're navigating it quite well. At the same time, our supply chain is one where it's global in nature. We rely on folks from all over the world to help us produce our product. And we've done a great job of managing G6 to- date G7, we've managed through it as well, but there have been situations where you have a temporary impact here or there, and you've got to quickly navigate through it to make sure everything stays on track and on time. And to-date we've done that well, but that's some of the uncertainty that starts to get introduced in the environment that we find ourselves navigating through. So to-date we're handling it well but there's a lot of balls in the air and we're doing the best that we possibly can and if we can pull it forward to Kevin's point, we certainly will look at those sorts of things.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel. Your line is open.
Matthew Blackman: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking the question. You did mention accelerating pharmacy channel mix. So I'm curious, if you had any feedback from payers talking particularly about holdout payers that may now be more willing to accommodate pharmacy access for DexCom and similarly, has there been an impact in the last six weeks or so on the insurance verification process? Is that moving along smoothly? Is it similar to the pace you've seen in the past, faster or slower? Any help there would be appreciated, thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Quen, you want to go ahead.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, so I think from a pharmacy perspective, the comments that we made were clear that we've seen the uptick in that pharmacy channel progress at a very rapid pace and its one channel that we always thought just has tremendous potential for us and we've proved that out over the course of the first quarter. As a matter of fact, we talk about new patients being a driver of growth, for the first time we saw record new patients in the first quarter, despite the fact that we saw slow down in the very back end of the quarter. And so I attribute a good part of that to the pharmacy channel. We haven't seen payers or at least I couldn't speak to any particular payers here in the last several weeks who have opened up more incremental pharmacy access, but we have seen payers who are willing to think differently around the requirements that they might have on patients ordering product such as clinical site visits or coming in to see the clinician, they're allowing that through telehealth, now telemedicine, we see more and more payers who are moving that direction each and every week. So we are seeing a changing dynamic from a payer perspective, haven't seen it so much in terms of opening incremental pharmacy access in the last several weeks, but there is an appetite for change here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies, your line is open.
Raj Denhoy: Hi. Good afternoon. What if I could maybe ask about international a little bit, so the 41 million increase to 60% plus was notably strong. And so I'm curious if there was particular markets in which you saw that growth. And as a related question, as we think about Germany, the UK being some of the more impacted markets with COVID, what are your thoughts around how those will trend over the next several quarters?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Raj, great question. International was clearly a bright spot in the quarter and really it was across the entire international region, whether it was Europe, Asia both regions performed incredibly well. Canada was a driver of the overall growth with the e-Commerce platform we put in place there we couldn't be more happy with the results that we see. I think one of the interesting data points coming out of the quarter, while Germany is a large market for us, continues to have great success. The UK also growing quite aggressively, very significantly outpaced most other major markets, which was nice to see. So a lot of runway continues to exist in all of these markets, but really strength across the board, even through Asia and Australia. So there's not one country to really pull out and attribute all this success to, it was performance across the entire slate that led to the overall outcome that we communicated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Hi, good afternoon. I hope everyone's healthy. I hate to blow my one question on a yes or no question, but Quentin, I think I just heard you say that you generated record new patients in 1Q is that correct?
Quentin Blackford: Yes.
Jayson Bedford: So meaning you generated more new patients in 1Q 2020 than in any other quarter?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, correct.
Kevin Sayer: The first quarter of 2020 was a record number of new patients to the company versus any other quarter in history, that's right.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Blicker from Cowen. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker: Thanks for taking my questions. Two, reimburse them one. So subsequent to UNH coverage, is there any quantification you can provide on where commercial payer coverage for intensely managed Type 2 patients is in the U.S. today? And then can you also give us an update on the reimbursement environment in Japan and South Korea as you plan to launch later this year? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: The reimbursement with intensive Type 2 is obviously most of their Medicare patients we have that covered. After that it is really been payer-by-payer, we announced a healthcare Type 2 coverage today, we also have had another large payer expand their Type 2 intensive use policy, just hit us today, that'll be another win for us. I think a lot of the payers as we go to the pharmacy have actually included Type 2 as we've gone there as well. But it's a gradual thing. It's not going to happen overnight. We keep having wins and our payer team is doing a job staying on top of that and we're kind of getting the message out that insulin users and insulin user and they all need access to this. So our Type 2 intensive use patient base is growing significantly and becoming a much larger part of our business.
Kevin Sayer: I don't have a great update for you on  new update for you anyway on Korea, but with respect to Japan, we did get our G6 approval. So that's an approval for consumer use, the professional use clinician product. We don't currently have reimbursement. So when we launch that product in the consumer channel before the end of this year, it'll be a cash pay product, what we've elected not to do is follow a competitor and accept really subpar reimbursement based on kind of fingerstick level pricing. We're just not going to go there with that, we're going to do our work, provide the Japanese government with the appropriate data, outcomes data and establish real reimbursement for real time CGM. So that won't be this year, but we'll give you an update when we have more.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Can you quantify all the impact on new patient starts in April? Just looking for a rough sense for how significant the disruption has been. And then Quen, I just want to make sure I heard you right, that you've already seen those numbers begin to rebound, that seems a little fast. Wondering whether you have any sense for why that is, are physicians getting better at telemedicine, because it seems like most areas are still pretty locked down. Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, we're not going to comment specifically on where it's at. I think, there's been a lot of research, a lot of surveys that have been done that we've seen that would indicate, new patients starts might be 40 or 50% of what they previously were, we haven't seen it to that extent, but they certainly have been impacted. And to the point I made earlier, we have seen it start to come back a bit. I think folks are just getting comfortable understanding, that there's other means of being able to interact with their physician, learn about the product and ultimately get the product on to them and that's the telehealth, telemedicine capability that continues to develop. I'll point you back to the webinar that we had just two weeks ago. Over 900 physicians dialed into that webinar to learn of the value and ways to introduce CGM through telehealth. I think that speaks to the interest level that's out there. So I think it will continue to build over time, how quickly it goes, it's hard to say and that's part of why the uncertainty exists and gives us pause on the guidance that's out there and leaving it there. But, overall I think, down the road telehealth, telemedicine is going to play a much bigger part than what we've seen historically.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer and Company. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi guys. You talked about the strong cash position you're in, which is particularly important during this time. You also mentioned being opportunistic with the cash. Can you provide any color on where that cash can be put to use for growth initiatives beyond the manufacturing expansion, any other broader thoughts on potential use of cash that you can provide? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Quen, you take first stab, and I will walk on what I can you tell you. Go ahead.
Quentin Blackford: Well, I think certainly the new market opportunities that we've been after for a while now with Dolan and team leading that effort, we've been very clear around hospital, is there a way to accelerate that? There certainly seems to be an interest level beyond hours now sitting on the other side, but there's the hospital or the FDA, we want to make sure we're opportunistic and think about that in a way that can accelerate it. I think that there's, potentially in that space, even more than just the device itself, but how do you improve efficiency in the hospital setting? So even from an IT capability perspective, thinking about those sorts of things, we think about gestational diabetes, pregnancy, the whole Type 2 non-intensive space, I think that market remains significant. And I think, we're seeing each and every day that there's a validated opportunity in that space and we want to go fast. So we're keeping our eyes open out there in those spaces, around the opportunities that exist and if there's opportunities to kind of really put the foot on the gas pedal, we're going to look at those sorts of things. So that's what we mean by being opportunistic.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I just add one more thing, as far as cash because I'm the one driving Quen and his team on this. We talk about doubling manufacturing capacity before the first half of the year is over. We're pushing to get that, but that's a lot of capital equipment, as we go to a lot of G6 automated lines and get those up and running and get more lines up at our contract manufacturers, we then have a significant capital investment in G7 equipment that will be coming. And we talked about investing in a third manufacturing site in Malaysia. So there's going to be a lot of capital equipment. So we purchased the other place that we will definitely be using cash as we invest in our businesses, just in our infrastructure and in our systems. We will  if we've learned anything through this, we need to make some more investments on that side too. Our team has been fantastic with the tool they had when you give them some more tools. So we have a lot of capital use for that money for organic growth as well.
Operator: And the next question. Ravi Misra with Berenberg Capital. Your line is open.
Ravi Misra: Hi, good evening. I hope everyone over there and their families are okay. Just a question about the financial assistance program, you're providing about six months worth of supply to patients. Can you just help us understand kind of, would that be something that would be shipped out, immediately if someone signs up and also how do we think about it if the economy continues to kind of show these unemployment numbers, how willing is the company to kind of extend these programs for beyond that six month period? Is there anything that would be gating you to that? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Well, we'll start with our six month period. As we got to that conclusion, as we've modeled that out, we're certainly comfortable with that. We're very comfortable with again, helping our patient base out. These are the people that built our company, made it what it is. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the more I traveled before this pandemic, the more I learned. There are a lot of people who have no idea how to manage their diabetes without a CGM. So we will continue to try and get product to patients. We'll evaluate the economic consequences of what we do as we roll this out over time. You know, three years ago if we had to do this, it would have been even much more difficult because we had very little Medicaid and we didn't even have Medicare up and running. Now with Medicare approval and Medicaid, there are some states where these patients have been employed can go to Medicaid programs, but it's very inconsistent and sporadic, even though we have. I want to say 60% of Medicaid programs cover  some only covers for kids and some make it very difficult. So we will continue to push for more Medicaid coverage during this time to try and Medicaid that and we'll see how it goes and we'll keep track. But, it's important that we make sure these people can stay on the system and we think this is a really good opportunity for us. So we will continue to do that.
Operator: And our last question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens. Your line is open.
Chris Cooley: Thank you. I appreciate you taking the promotions for this evening. Congrats on the record new patient starts. Just at this point from my perspective maybe, Quentin could you help us out a little bit with, as we looked at the operating expenses trending forward, you alluded to better managing the supply chain would assume you'd keep higher levels of safety stock, have higher costs in the shorter run and appropriately so on the labor side. Just maybe help us, when we look at the first quarter, was that reflected in the 1Q results or just any way you can maybe help us better understand how we should think about maybe the margin structure as we start to go through the year, ex the capacity build out and maybe similarly from the DTC effort, what you're looking for there to kick that up just from a change in the COVID-19 situation. Thanks so much.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, I think if you go back to the guidance that we set coming into the year, we spoke about some of the different levers that were in there. And certainly some of the things that were going to weigh on the organization being specific to G7 trials, development of the automation lines, ramping G6 as quickly as we can and doubling it, and DTC being a significant investment. I think, while we've walked away from guidance on the full year, those sorts of drivers are still going to be in the spend profile and they're going to be more heavily weighted in the back half of the year. So while you're seeing a 1,300 basis point improvement in operating margin in Q1 it's not likely that you're going to see that same sort of improvement in the back half of the year, because there's going to be all these incremental investments that we know that we need to make and that will set the company up for growth far into the future and we're going to commit ourselves to invest in those ways. So I think you're going to continue to see some good leverage in the first half of the year. I think in the back half of the year, you're going to see the P&L start to look a little bit differently as we make some of these key investments into what I think all of us understand to be critical growth drivers of the future. So I'll leave it at that, the P&L profile will shift a little bit, but overall we still remain committed to the longer term goals that we put out there at Analyst Day just year and a half ago or so.
Operator: And this concludes your question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to the speakers for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Hi, this is Kevin. I'll finish up today. We want to thank all of you for participating on our call. I surely under circumstances far different from what you envisioned during our 2019 Q4 earnings call last February, when I watched the night  the news night in and out, I've seen the toll that this virus has taken on communities all over the world and recognize, when this pandemic ends, our world human interaction and the administration of healthcare will be forever changed. DexCom is very fortunate to be in a strong position during this pandemic and I personally feel sense of obligation to operate from that strength to serve the needs of others in this time of heightened anxiety. We'll stay at home orders and school closures. We realize our employees day-to-day lives have been upended causing significant stress. We've attempted to reduce that stress by offering increased pay to essential onsite workers and promoting increased safety measures to best protect all DexCom employees. We recognize that diabetes doesn't take a break even for pandemics, economic slowdowns or high unemployment. Now more than ever, we have a responsibility to patients that have supported DexCom over the years and made us the company that we are today. We're therefore working quickly on a roll out of our patient assistance program to provide access to DexCom CGM for the many individuals who have lost their jobs as a result of COVID-19. In addition, we realized that helping a patient staying control their blood glucose, also his family members and clinicians providing needed relief to our healthcare system. Our core belief remains unchanged. If we do our best to take care of our patients, the business will always move in the right direction. Every intensive insulin using patients have access to real time CGM. We'll work tirelessly to make that happen. COVID-19 has had a disproportionate impact on the diabetes community. This awful virus is also attacking the pancreas of people without diabetes. As a result, brave frontline responders are having to repeatedly gown up and [indiscernible] administer finger sticks to test patient's blood glucose levels. We've worked hard with the FDA to provide these heroes with better tools to treat patients and reduce healthcare workers overall risk of infection. However employees have rallied to this cause has been nothing short of amazing. In short order, we've created new training materials, stood up a specialized technical support group, procured to configure thousands of cell phones for use in this environment at a cost in excess of $1 million and developed a separate commercial structure to launch G6 in this market at significantly reduced prices. We are making a significant investment here. Our commitment to connectivity, enable multiple platforms to consume our data and cloud based tools for healthcare providers has become even more important than we envisioned when we blazed this trail many, many years ago. As the work from the team in the Barbara Davis center in Colorado indicates, the unique features of our CGM and connected software solutions are playing an important role in driving care for newly diagnosed people with diabetes during this crisis. We are hopeful that the expanded use of telemedicine during the crisis can ultimately provide avenues for greater access to health care over the long-term and DexCom CGM providing an essential tool in the process. In addition, our efforts to assist hospitals worldwide is a big investment as I said earlier, we intend to take all of the data that we can gather, generated during this time to accelerate the development and launch of a hospital-based system that better meets the needs of healthcare providers in our current ambulatory product. It's often during difficult times that the two character of an individual or company is revealed. Our hope is that our efforts during this time will provide comfort to the many stakeholders that we serve and that our character of DexCom will stand out brightly. On behalf of our employees, I'm proud to lead these efforts. Thanks. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Dexcom Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sir, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's fourth Quarter and full Year 2019 Earnings Call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, Dexcom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter and full year 2019, followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our COO and CFO, and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development.  Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to 1 question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our fourth quarter performance on the Dexcom Investor Relations website on the events and presentations page.  With that, let's review our safe harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in Dexcom's annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results.  Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our fourth quarter and full year earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  Now I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. 2019 was another fantastic year for DexCom. I want to take a few minutes to highlight some of our accomplishments before we turn our attention to 2020. This was the second consecutive year that our organic growth exceeded 40%. To put this into perspective, given that we started the year on a revenue base greater than $1 million, this means that we added more than $440 million of absolute growth in the year. New patients continue to be the primary driver behind the growth and includes growing traction in the insulin-dependent type 2 market, where we continue to expand access in addition to our existing coverage in Medicare.  We ended the year approaching 650,000 net active patients globally, who are benefiting from Dexcom's CGM technology. And as a reminder, we only count someone as a patient when they are consistently reordering product. We are also achieving this growth with operational and spending discipline as an organization. 2019 was the most profitable year in Dexcom's history and represented our first full year of GAAP profitability. We are demonstrating great operating leverage even as we doubled G6 capacity in 2019 and continue to invest in R&D to drive our future growth.  As we grow, we are building and adapting our infrastructure to serve meaningfully more patients. In the U.S., we are making great progress in our effort to transition to the pharmacy channel as we expanded covered lives by more than 50% in 2019. We are now fully underway in the launch of G6 into Medicare and look forward to those patients having access to the NOL fingerstick G6 technology.  We have built an extensive global business services team in Manila in 2019, exiting the year with progress on all of our key customer service metrics. Our business services team will be a great asset for us as we continue to scale the company and strive to offer our customers the best possible experience.  We are also transparent with you and our customers about the things we must improve. As many of you heard in late November, we experienced a temporary server outage that impacted the ability of family and friends to monitor glucose levels of loved ones via our share and follow apps. I told our customers, health care providers and shareholders that we needed to do better. We needed a system in place to greatly improve communication with our customers. In the weeks since, we have taken significant steps to do just that. We have launched a system status page on our website ahead of schedule. This provides real-time updates on system functionality, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We are also in the final stages of rolling out an in-app messaging system that will provide quick communication with our customers. As you can see, we are not sitting still, even with the rapid growth that we've experienced since the launch of G6. The reason for this is simple.  We believe that there is a huge opportunity still ahead of us for our sensor platform. For our core markets, we remain confident in the underlying shift from fingersticks to CGM as the standard of care. Outside of our core markets, our excitement for the potential of Dexcom's CGM to address broader global health issues continues to grow. We are beginning to see great early stage data demonstrating the value of CGM for all people with type 2 diabetes, including those not on insulin therapy. Our work with UnitedHealth Group has progressed very well, and we look forward to the expanded use of Dexcom's CGM in their type 2 population in 2020. We will look to extend the presence of DexCom CGM for type 2 customers through additional partnerships with programs offered by digital health players like Onduo, Livongo and WellDoc, all integrating CGM data into their respective coaching platforms. And we continue to work directly with providers.  As we recently discussed at an investor conference our initial pilot work for non-insulin using type 2 customers with Intermountain Healthcare, revealed gross cost savings of nearly $5,000 per member per year for those using Dexcom CGM relative to those using fingersticks. We look forward to providing additional details like these related to type 2 and other new markets as we progress in 2020.  With all of this G6 driven growth in our core markets and ongoing learnings in our new markets, we enter 2020 with an eye toward the biggest product launch in Dexcom's history, G7. We have a busy year ahead, but the team has done a great job thus far for us to progress toward our goal of a full-scale launch in 2021.  To summarize, 2019 was another great year for Dexcom, but we're pressing forward to capitalize and execute in 2020 on these many long-term opportunities.  I will now turn the call over to Quentin for a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. For the fourth quarter of 2019, we reported worldwide revenue of $462.8 million compared to $338 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, representing growth of 37% on both the reported and constant currency basis. As a reminder, the fourth quarter of 2018 represented the most difficult comp for the entire year of 2019 for both our worldwide and U.S. business.  New patients adopting our technology remains the primary driver of our growth as people continue to gain awareness of the value of DexCom CGM. As Kevin noted, we've been pleased to see that this new patient growth includes steady traction among the type 2 population, where we continue to push for increased market access. Throughout 2019, these increasing patient volumes and strong customer satisfaction with G6 are fueling our momentum.  Despite the most difficult quarterly growth comp in 2018, our U.S. business continued to grow very well, with growth of 34% in the fourth quarter of 2019. As our revenue indicates, our volume growth initiatives are more than offsetting the lower revenue per patient that accompanies our transition to the pharmacy channel.  Similar to what we saw in the first 9 months of the year, this growth came from all of our U.S. channels as expanding CGM awareness is driving strong growth in Medicare, DME and our growing pharmacy business. We saw great performance from our international business in the fourth quarter as well, with 54% constant currency growth compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. The response to the launch of G6 has exceeded our expectations. We continue to see excellent growth in direct markets like Germany and the U.K. and our distributor markets are also growing very well with strength across the board.  Of note, for the first time in our company's history, we launched our e-commerce platform in Canada and we're more than pleased with the results as we saw the number of new patients, nearly doubled in the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $309.3 million or 66.8% of revenue compared to 65.9% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2018. As anticipated, we saw a significant sequential step-up in our gross margin in the 66.8% for the quarter represented the highest point since 2017. The year-over-year margin improvement was in line with our expectations noted on the third quarter call. Our teams continue to focus on designing incremental improvements that reduced product cost and increase automated manufacturing, giving us flexibility in our efforts to improve patient access and prioritize efficient channels without meaningfully compromising gross margin.  As we head into 2020 and transition the Medicare customer base to G6 from G5, we will receive the full cost benefit of our new G6 transmitter design, which helps offset certain items such as the cost of scale up G6 and G7 manufacturing lines. Operating expenses were $205.7 million for Q4 2019 compared to $168.4 million in Q4 2018. This reflects an increase of 22% year-over-year and a 540 basis point as a percentage of revenue from the fourth quarter in 2018.  The expense growth in the fourth quarter was primarily driven by incremental R&D spend related to our G7 efforts as we advance toward our launch plans. For the full year, the 23% growth in operating expenses remained well below our 43% total revenue growth, even as we invested significantly to capitalize on Dexcom's long-term growth opportunity. Operating income was $103.6 million or 22.4% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to $54.4 million or 16.1% of revenue in the same quarter of 2018. This reflects a year-over-year improvement of 630 basis points in operating margin for the quarter.  Adjusted EBITDA was $141.7 million or 30.6% of revenue for the fourth quarter compared to $83.6 million or 24.7% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2018. Given the strength of the fourth quarter, our full year operating margin of 10.9% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.7% came in well ahead of our revised full year guidance of 9% and 19.5%, respectively, as provided on the third quarter call. As these numbers support, we remain confident in our leverage potential and the discipline that we're exhibiting as an organization. But we will also continue to invest opportunistically as we scale manufacturing for both G6 and G7 in 2020 and explore the use of our real-time CGM in new markets. Net income for the fourth quarter was $106.5 million or $1.15 per share. In 2019, we also established for the first time in our company's history, our first full year of GAAP profitability with full year GAAP net income of $101.1 million. We remain in a strong cash position with greater than $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet as we exit the year. Given the growth opportunities that are ahead of us, our priority continues to be capital allocation that supports our organic growth opportunity.  Turning to 2020 guidance. As we stated last month, we anticipate full year revenues of between $1,725,000,000 and $1,775,000,000, representing growth of 17% to 20%. This growth contemplates many of the same factors that we navigated in 2019, including a higher rate of volume growth as access and awareness of DexCom CGM continue to grow, our expanded launch of G6 to populations like Medicare and new Dexcom integrated systems that come to market. These tailwinds are offset by the continued realization of a reduction in average annual revenue per patient as we navigate towards channels with lower prices as well as considerations surrounding the competitive environment.  Turning to margins. We continue to track well toward our long-term targets established at our 2018 Investor Day. For 2020, we anticipate the following non-GAAP results: gross margins improving to approximately 64%, given that we remain in the early stages of patient adoption of our technology in our core market as well as validation in our patient base that type 2 patients are realizing the value of our technology, we must begin to plan and invest for growth beyond our San Diego and Mason manufacturing centers. Included in our gross margin guidance are costs associated with identifying and beginning to set up a third manufacturing site that will reside outside of the United States. This third site will further our efforts to reduce the overall production cost of our products, better support our international expansion strategy and support our long-term gross margin expectations of the mid- 60s.  We expect operating margins to increase to approximately 13%, which contemplates the continued benefits of our global shared services center in the Philippines, offset by increasing investments in our DTC and G7 efforts. Finally, we expect that adjusted EBITDA margins will expand to approximately 23%. As you can imagine, with our ambition to double G6 capacity in the first half of the year, invest in the scale-up of G7 and expand our manufacturing footprint outside of the United States, 2020 will require capital expenditures in excess of what we saw in 2019.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Pacelli: Thanks, Quentin. As our 2018 and 2019 results indicated, G6 has been a game changer for people with diabetes with 2019 revenue more than doubling from the year before G6 was launched. Customer satisfaction with G6 remains very high, and we look forward to the benefits of the capacity expansion that we achieved throughout the course of 2019 and continuing into 2020. We plan to double capacity again in the first half of 2020, enabling us to expand our G6 launch in our existing markets as well as new geographies and to ramp our efforts in these new markets with direct-to-consumer marketing.  We are now more than 1.5 years into the launch of G6, and we still have a long way to go to realize its full potential. As Quintin mentioned, the launch of our e-commerce platform in Canada has been a great success and we look forward to expanding the rollout of this platform to additional markets throughout 2020. We expect to complete the transition of our Medicare base to G6 by mid-2020. Many of these customers have waited a long time for G6, and we are thrilled to be providing it to them. As well as the many more Medicare patients who stand to benefit from access to G6 as soon as possible. We will continue to push for expanded market access and look forward to the introduction of G6 in markets like Japan and South Korea later this year. Our payer and market access teams have done a great job to position us for continued momentum in 2020, including their efforts to open up pharmacy access, both for people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes on insulin.  As a reminder, the process of transitioning our DME customer base to pharmacy will not happen overnight, even with the progress we've made for customer lives covered through the pharmacy. But we believe we are well positioned to make meaningful progress in this transition in 2020, which we have contemplated in our guidance. We're excited to be in the position to drive multiple Dexcom integrated insulin delivery systems in 2020. We're very excited about the work that we are doing with Insulet in the Horizon integrated system. In December, Insulet began the pivotal trial, and they remain on track for a launch later in the year. Our commercial agreement with Eli Lilly was officially signed in December and represents another step forward in bringing their system to market with G6, which will initially focus on a smart pen offering.  In January, Tandem launched their latest integrated pump offering, the Control-IQ system, incorporating the DexCom G6 sensor and our type 0 algorithm to automated insulin delivery. This is the first integrated system to offer automated correction boluses based off the customer CGM ratings in our AP algorithm. These are the kind of achievements that do not happen overnight, simply because we obtained the regulatory designation of an iCGM or an ACE pump brand I controller. In fact, our relationship with each of the companies that I just mentioned goes back multiple years. It takes hard work and significant time to integrate CGM with insulin delivery systems and Dexcom remains the leader in the effort to bring innovative technologies to the diabetes community.  Even with the ongoing success of G6, much of our attention is turning towards G7. With G7, we are moving the performance of DexCom real-time CGM into a fully disposable product that is only slightly larger than a nickel. And we believe that customers are going to love the result. As Kevin mentioned, we affirmed our G7 time line today for a full rollout in 2021. We are currently focused on the G7 clinical trial, which we expect to be much larger than the size of the trial that we ran for G6, and we are initiating the scale-up of manufacturing for G7 to support the launch time lines that we have mentioned. From the outset, G7 has been designed for scale to support our belief in the market potential for real-time CGM, which we continue to think has opportunity to address far greater numbers of customers and disease states than we currently serve.  From product development and the expansion of Dexcom CGM into our existing markets to new geographies to the ongoing development of new market opportunities, our strategy is focused as we head into 2020.  With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Last year, I spoke on this call and talked about 2018 as a year of milestones. 2019 was a year of continued momentum, but there was a lot of work behind the scenes to ensure that momentum. We're entering 2020 as excited as ever for the opportunity that lies ahead and with Dexcom very well positioned. We are in our best inventory position since the launch of G6 and are focused on the right channels for efficient growth and learning each day about how to expand the use of Dexcom's CGM to additional customers.  I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only 1 question at this time and then reenter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. 
Jeffrey Johnson: Congratulations on the year. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Sayer: We can hear you, absolutely.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. Great. Kevin, I guess, with my 1 question, a lot of places I could go, but let me focus maybe on the U.S. commercial business. Would love to hear how you feel about the mix of new patient adds this year with MDI versus maybe competitive share gains? And specifically, would love to hear maybe your thoughts with some of the formulary changes we've seen at the start of this year, how you think that might help sensor volumes this year?
Kevin Sayer: That's a pretty complicated 1 question. So I'll deal with those as best I can. With respect to the new patient adds this year, there was a majority of our new patient adds, a pretty significant majority of our new patient adds, who are multiple daily injection patients, who are using pens and insulin to control their insulin delivery. We still have a number of pump patients as well, but to expand the way we've expanded and to grow as quickly as we've grown. Do the math. We have to be getting patients on multiple daily injections.  On the competitive front, we're very pleased with our growth in the number of insulin using patients that we're picking up here. It was just a great year all around on the new patient front. With respect to the formulary and the increased access that we see coming, there's a couple of things we think that will be very good for next year that we see right now. The first is more increased type 2 intensive insulin access for many of our patients. And under many of the plans, plans are starting to open up on all the Medicare guidelines there. That really opens a lot of doors for us, and that will be good and then increased pharmacy coverage. While our pharmacy rollout has been a bit choppy as we're trying to learn here, how to do that best. That has not been our core business going to the drug store since we started. We'll learn to be better and get better there. But as we can make the product more accessible and easy to get over and over again, we see the utilization is higher, and retention is better. So all those things point to a very strong 2020 for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: I'll ask an uncomplicated question. In terms of -- and I'm not sure I missed part of the call, but G7 timing is your expectation that you get it approved here in 2020?
Kevin Sayer: Our expectation is that we launch it full-scale in 2021. And we've spoken several times about a limited launch in 2020, and that's still 1 of our primary goals and objectives, but we don't want anybody believing that this rollout is going to happen in 2020. We need to get the trial done, the filing in and reviewed, and our manufacturing scaled up and apply those lessons we learned with G6 to G7. So our big focus and the focus we want everybody to focus on is that launch in 2021. As we get more information, we can share, we'll share it. But that's our time line, and that's our commercialization time line for now. We're really not giving any filing or trial time lines today. We can talk more about that as we go on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America.
Travis Steed: Great. Congratulations on a great year. So I had a question for Quentin. You've got goals for operating margins of 15% by 2023, which looks a lot more conservative now than it did before. And if revenues end up coming on better than this year, you could potentially achieve that this year. So just trying to think about the long-term profitability of this business. Is there anything long term, as you have more business to the pharmacy channel, G7 is at scale. Is there anything that would be structurally inhibiting this business from being at a 25% to 30% operating margin? And additionally, is there anything about G7 launching that where gross margins would step back? Or can you manage through that?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. It's a good question. When we put out the 15% operating margin guidance. At that point in time, we were just trying to draw a reference out in the future that we were confident we could navigate towards, but it was never an end goal that we had in mind. It was more along the lines of the progress we thought we could make. And if you recall, when we did that, that was 1,500 basis points away from where we were at that point in time. So to your point, we've closed the gap quite considerably even faster than what we anticipated. But there's nothing structurally in this business that won't allow us to go beyond the 15%. We're not ready to revise kind of those long-term expectations of where we can go. We couldn't be more bullish and excited about the investment opportunities in these new markets that are in front of us. You think about the hospital, gestational, the non-intensive type 2s, the international expansion, all of these things are incredible opportunities that we're going to make sure we're investing into to make sure that we open them up, but none of that is going to keep us from being able to get to the 15%. And then on beyond that in time. So no, there's nothing structurally that concerns us whatsoever.  G7, I would just remind you. That product was designed from the very beginning with cost in mind. And the idea was to be able to produce that at a very low-cost profile that will go far below even where G6, we've been able to get it to. So from my perspective, all that does is open up even greater opportunity to compete in lower-priced channels if we need to, to be aggressive in the marketplace to push volumes in a way that we need to. But all of it complements the long-term profitability profile that we're trying to achieve here. So I think, very complementary to what we're trying to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: And I'll echo congrats on a really nice quarter and year. Quinton, we've looked over the past two years and you've meaningfully exceeded your initial guidance range. We see something similar in 2020. Maybe if you could just help us understand why this is the right place to start off the year? And then I remember last year, you kind of walked us through what volume versus mix versus price would be. If you could do the same and maybe break down U.S. versus international? And what's assumed in the guidance range? That would be really helpful.
Quentin Blackford: Sure. So we continue to be very bullish on the opportunity that sits in front of us from a revenue perspective, just in the core markets that we participate in today. I think we're very early in the adoption of the technology, which leaves a lot of runway. But we also know there are very different patient profiles in that adoption cycle and how quickly they come on to the technology or how long it takes to convince them. It's hard to predict, and we're not going to get ahead of ourselves in that respect. I think if you look at our guidance, the way we thought about it is from an absolute dollar perspective, our guidance assumes a $250 million to $300 million increase year-over-year. And we've been very clear that there are price headwinds that continue to be contemplated in that guidance as we walk average revenue per patient down over time is contemplated in the numbers we put out there. That's about $150 million in 2020. So if you add that back to the net increase that we've guided to, that takes the gross revenue increase on an apples-to-apples basis versus prior year to about $400 million to $450 million increase. You compare that to what we just did in 2019 of a $444 million increase and I think you start to get your mind wrapped around the guidance that we've provided. So we feel good about it. We think there's incredible opportunity. It doesn't make sense to get ahead of ourselves at this point in time. And feel like we've got guidance out in appropriately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair.
Malgorzata Kaczor: Maybe first, I wanted to elaborate a little bit on some of the partnerships and updates that you guys have had over the last several months because there have been a lot, including some of the data at JPMorgan and so on. So how should we think about some of those? Are there more in the pipeline beyond that this year, especially on, Kevin, you talked about thinking really, really big. And how should we think about the timing to those partnerships becoming more material commercial activity.
Steven Pacelli: Yes. I mean, I think you have to look -- this is Steve. I think you need to kind of bifurcate the partnerships into kind of our core intensive insulin business, both U.S. and OUS, we've got Tandem currently launching Control-IQ and launching Horizon later this year. And with Basal-IQ in Europe and hopefully, I don't want to speak for Tandem on their time lines, but hopefully, Control-IQ at some point later this year. So those are all meaningful near-term revenue contributors, right? Because these are folks who are going on -- there are many of them are probably already our patients or some portion are already Dexcom patients as they go on these systems. But there will certainly be incremental new patient additions as a result of those product launches.  So those are really exciting. The update with Lilly, we're still some period of time out before we launched the first fully product, but we're definitely making some progress there. The partnerships and the data that we talked about really on the non-intensive side of the business at JPMorgan. That's still really early stage. I mean, the way we're trying to frame that, Margaret, is that a year ago around JPMorgan. We kind of talked about this new market opportunity strategy, particularly in the non-insulin using type 2 space. We kind of follow that up, the goal is that this year, JPMorgan was to follow that up. With really some early stage, but concrete evidence that there's a real opportunity here, right? Between the work we're doing with United, the cost savings we showed with Intermountain, with 1 of the payer systems we're working with. So I wouldn't look to -- certainly not 2020 as a meaningful revenue contribution from really that non-insulin using type 2 business, but we're super excited about it. The data supporting that there's a huge opportunity there. And I think in the out-years and you start thinking about '21, '22, '23, I think there's going to be a much more significant revenue contribution from businesses outside of kind of our core intensive insulin business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Blicker from Cowen.
Ryan Blicker: You talked about strong and growing contributions from the intensely managed type 2 patient population. Is there anything you can quantify for us on that front, either how big that population is now as a proportion of the installed base or new patient additions? And then just overall, do you expect new patient adds to grow in 2020 versus 2019?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. I'll take that. We won't really break out the type 2 patients in the patient base. We don't stratify between Medicare peds, those types of things right now. We did give everybody a patient number this year and I think it's a good place for everybody to start. Second part of question. Yes, why don't you get it?
Steven Pacelli: I think the growth rate probably slows a bit, but the absolute number continues to be comparable, if not up slightly, is the way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalfy from SVB Leerink.
Danielle Antalffy: And yes, congrats on a really fantastic year. Quentin, I just wanted to ask about seasonality as we look at Q1 specifically and how to think about moving through the year. Is there anything we need to be cognizant of as we go into Q1, which I think is usually a seasonally weak quarter. Any color you can give on the quarterly cadence would be helpful on modeling.
Steven Pacelli: Sure, go. I think at this point in time, historic seasonality that we've seen in the business that generally would have Q1 represent close to 20% of the full year is probably the right way to think about it. We've seen where the street has modeled currently 2020, I think we feel good about that. So I think you guys have got to dialed in pretty well in terms of how you're thinking about seasonality. I do think, over time, as the business continues to mature, as you get more revenue flowing through the pharmacy channel, as Medicare continues to represent a bigger part of the overall business, that seasonality may begin to change a bit, but probably not in 2020. I think historic trends are a good way to think about it, and roughly 20% is probably the right way to model.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: One quick, just a follow-up on the 2020 guidance. I mean if I look at your -- the implied leverage for 2020 relative to '18 and '19, the implied leverage for '20 is a little lower, just look at revenue dollars versus OP expense. Is the right way to think about this year, kind of the guidance reflects the expenses that are sort of dialed in for the year and that incremental upside if there's going to be incremental upside to revenue that is likely to fall down at a higher rate?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. So I think what you'll see is we'll continue to be very disciplined in how we manage the business. David, to your point, in the last 24 months, we've driven about 2,200 basis points of OpEx leverage in this business. So the team has been very thoughtful, accountable, discipline in how we steward our resources, but we also see some significant opportunities sitting in front of us to really pour some investment into, for example, '19, we never really poured the fuel on the fire from a DTC spend perspective in the commercial business. We didn't have the capacity from a manufacturing perspective to really open that channel up and support the demand that we thought it might create. We will open DTC up in a meaningful way in 2020, and that is contemplated in our spend. As that drives revenue, if it drives it beyond kind of how we guided, then I think to your point, we'd be very thoughtful and disciplined about how we let that flow through. And yes, I would think that it would drive incremental margin. But we want to make sure we're not passing on the investment opportunities around things like DTC, what we're learning in the new market efforts, particularly around that non-intensive population and knowing that we can take cost out of caring for these patients. We're going to make sure we set that up for success into the future. So that's where we're investing at. If revenue outperforms, then I think you'll see us perform well on the margin front.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord.
Kyle Rose: Congrats on a strong year on quarter. Steve, you talked a little bit about some of the non-intensive type 2 opportunities. But at the Analyst Day, you also you broke out opportunities like hospital use of gestational use. It looks like there will be some gestational data at next week's ATTD, but just wanted to kind of understand how we should think about when those potential opportunities start flowing through the model in 2021 and beyond?
Steven Pacelli: Yes. So if you're asking specifically about opportunities outside of non-intensive, non-insulin using type 2s, there's certainly -- there's work being done. There's research being done. You're going to see basically a cascade. What as we've kind of done some preliminary work on the clinical side, we've recognized that type 2 non-intensive would be the next logical kind of lowest hanging fruit for us. So that's where -- what you're going to see us go after first with probably hospital being a close second. In terms of gestational, like you said, it's an exciting market, but a little bit more limited in terms of touch points into the OB\GYN's offices and things like that. So we're working on a strategy there as well. We need to update our labeling certainly for hospital and for pregnancy and that's -- there's some initiatives underway there. But you're going to see a cascade of what I would say, incremental increasing contribution over the next several years in all of those categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew O'Brien from Piper Jaffray.
Matthew O'Brien: It's actually Piper Sandler. But would love to ask a multipart question that I'm sure Kevin will hate. But I just want to follow-up a little bit more on the non-intensive type 2 commentary. First of all, you're not signaling any kind of concern about a slowdown in your traditional intensive managed group? And then secondly, I don't know if it's for Steve or not. But if you kind of frame up the opportunity that you're thinking about there. There's 1.5 million type ones, 1.7 million MDI patients. Is this non-intensive group around that level? And can you access that group without some level of reimbursement?
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. And I can take both of those. We do not believe all that our intensive business is going to slow down. And in fact, as we look at our strategy, our first pillars to continue to serve that patient base and continue to grow there. With CGM penetration still on a combined basis in the 35% to 40% range in the U.S. and much less than that in other geographies, there is plenty of room to grow. And as CGM becomes a standard of care here, again, I've said for a number of years, I think 80% market penetration is possible. And I will hold to that certainly here in the U.S. So there's plenty of room to grow in the intensive business, particularly as we get more automated integrated systems out on the market.  With respect to the Type 2 non-intensive business. Now we're not talking 1.5 million to 1.7 million people, we're talking 30 million people in the U.S. and hundreds of millions of people around the world. I'll address a little bit more of my closing comments and things that we've learned, but we believe CGM has a tremendous, tremendous benefit there. And we're going to make sure that we can maximize that in the space. But thanks, it's a good question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blackman from Stifel.
Mathew Blackman: Quentin, you called out DTC an investment priority in 2020. So can you talk about the magnitude of returns you get on DTC investment dollars? And then how quickly do you typically see those returns manifesting in revenues?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. So you'll see us start to turn DTC spend on really in the back half of the year. Our goal from a capacity perspective is to double where we exited 2019 by the time we get to the mid part of 2020. So we will double capacity once again by the mid part. Once we are there, we feel like we've built enough supply that we can handle any demand that might come from the DTC efforts. It's 1 of the highest returns on any investment we can make in the company. We monitor it very closely. It's not something that I'm going to disclose in terms of exactly what that rate is, but I will tell you, it's 1 of the best investments we make. And typically, it's going to take a couple of months to start to see that turn back up into real tangible results in the business, but you could see some benefit in the back part of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies.
Rajbir Denhoy: I have a question actually coming into 2019, you would talked about kind of absorbing 10 points of mix price mix offset due to the channel mix that you're experiencing. I guess, this year, it sounds like the $150 million, it's roughly another 10 points. When do you imagine that settles out? Is there a point at which the price of the sensor? Is that a point where you're more normalized and perhaps we're not absorbing that level of impact every year?
Steven Pacelli: Yes. Well, I think what we've demonstrated, Raj, is that our strategy to walk price down over time and have volume more than offset that has played out incredibly well. We started to walk price down, really 2 years ago. And we walked it down again last year. You're going to feel that impact this year. But we've got a price point or revenue per patient point in mind that we're trying to get to. And there's probably a couple more years, 2020 being 1 of those that we'll continue to feel this from. And I think volume will more than offset it, but then we're at a very good price point that we feel great when you consider the fact that we'll be bringing G7 into the market at that price point. We feel like we're set up to compete incredibly well. So there's probably a couple of years here that we'll continue to navigate through it. And have volume more than offset it, but then we're at a point where we think is quite sustainable into the future with an incredible product being G7.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with Berenberg Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Sayer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a question on -- just a little bit on the transmitter revenue, it's pretty strong. Quarter there on that line item more so than we had expected. Can you just walk us a little bit through what was the reason behind that strength in terms of reorders or new patient starts?
Steven Pacelli: Yes, I think you continue to see the strength of the new patient numbers show up there. I will point out the fact that if you just look at it from a comp perspective, there was a bit of an easier comp on the transmitter line than there was on the sensor line in the fourth quarter. So if you go back a year ago and look at sensor versus transmitter revenue, there was an easier comp sitting on that transpiring that drove a little bit of that growth. I would just make sure you contemplate that. And then keep in mind, as we continue to evolve as a company as we continue to think through our pricing strategy and position ourselves in a way that we can very easily step into the G7 product, which is a very different form factor, where the sensor and the transmitter of 1 unit versus 2 distinct units in G6. It ends up in account -- having a bit of an impact on how we account for the revenue in each 1 of those buckets. So we're going to have to contemplate the revenue buckets that we continue to report into the future. We want to make sure we're giving you something that is the right way to think about the business and model it. But what you're seeing like through that right now is just a little bit of an accounting nuance and how we allocate revenue based upon these new pricing strategies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer.
Steven Lichtman: On international, obviously, it's been very strong, and there's been a lot of breadth there. As you look ahead, just 1 of the countries, I think, later this year, Steve, you mentioned is Japan. Can you talk a little bit more about when you think you'll have that launched and what the opportunity is on the personnel side in Japan looking ahead?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. So the hope is to have a personal use CGM in G6 approved in the first half of this year. The big -- kind of the big still unknown, if you will, is whether -- and to what extent we get reimbursement for that product. So if it comes in this cycle. That's great. If not, it could come next year or the year after. So I would tell you that growth, like in all of our -- outside of the U.S. markets, growth is really instigated by reimbursement. So we're taking a little bit of a wait and see approach there. And we're certainly going to launch the product in Japan once we get approval. But as you know, in the cash pay world, it's not always as easy. So I'd say wait for updates on the reimbursement front on Japan is really what you're looking for.
Operator: And our final question comes from Marie Thibault from BTIG.
Marie Thibault: I'll wrap it up. I wanted to hear a little bit more about details on your plans for the third manufacturing site, OUS. And what cadence or milestones we should be looking for throughout 2020 as it impacts the gross margin line?
Kevin Sayer: Sure. So we couldn't be more excited about the opportunity that sits in front of us in our core business, but as well, the international business. We're very early in the stages of really taking advantage of that market. We probably have sub 15% of that opportunity. And I think over time, you're going to see us put a lot of focus and effort there and standing up a manufacturing capability that gets much closer to the end user is a very strategic move on our part, while also identifying locations where we can ultimately reduce the overall cost of production that will let us compete in a lower price environment. So strategically, it makes a tremendous amount of sense. You'll hear us talk more about it over the course of the year as we settle in on exactly where we select to start to build out that capability. But what we know is that these things take multiple years to stand up. We won't be producing out of that facility for a couple of years here. But we've got to start the work now to ensure that once we get the full capacity in our San Diego and mesa facilities, we're ready to step right into that international opportunity and ensure that we have no impact on supply. So we're getting ahead of it, ensuring that we don't hold up the business, and we're excited about what it can do for us.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for closing comments.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much, and thanks, everybody, for participating today. Last week, we had all of the leaders of our company around the world here in San Diego for a leadership summit. We wanted to accomplish a couple of things. The first thing we wanted to do is celebrate 2019 like we did today on this call for the amazing year that we had. And the team is universal around that group. We did have an amazing year, but growth like this is hard. And I want to thank our people for all their hard work.  The second thing we wanted to do is lay out our plans to our group. And what we intend to do and what we expect for the future, similar to how we have in our investor conferences. That we will never leave our core markets, and we'll continue to care for our intensively managed patients and offer the best alternative there and then move this great technology to other applications with a focus on type 2 diabetes. As I left that summit, oftentimes, we get -- things reaffirm what you said and what you tell people, not long after leaving the summit on the intensive management side, we got to note from a provider about 1 of their patients, a young woman who had an A1c above 13. And she was wondering if she could ever have children, because she was afraid, what would happen to the child because of report diabetes control. After 6 months on DexCom, her A1c is down to 5, and she is expecting our first child. Great outcome, and that's why we're committed to this business.  On the Type 2 side, in the past 2 weeks, I've had conversations with a couple of physicians and asked the following question. How often should people with type 2 diabetes be wearing a CGM? Because we hear numerous answers as we go about in the community, and to my surprise, both of them looked at me and said all the time. They should be wearing this thing all the time. You need to figure out a way to do it. Hence, another facility, hence, we continue to grow and expand, and hence, we continue to invest in our business on the R&D side and on the commercial side. We couldn't be more bullish about our company than we are today, and thanks, everybody, for listening.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Erin and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's third quarter 2019 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter, followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our COO and CFO; and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our third quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our third quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. The third quarter was another great period of growth for DexCom. There are many things that we could highlight today, but let me give you three key statistics that point to the strength of our business. The third quarter represents our highest U.S. growth rate since the first quarter of 2016 when the business was much smaller. The third quarter included the highest absolute dollar growth in the history of our company increasing nearly $130 million over the third quarter of 2018. We not only achieved profitability in the third quarter, but for the first time ever through nine months we are profitable on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. The explanation for this performance remains relatively simple. More and more people are becoming aware of the value of DexCom's real-time CGM and with G6 we have the right product to meet their needs. We often highlight access and awareness as the primary answers for the growth that we are experiencing. But this is the result of years of work from the DexCom team. It is the result of many people embracing our core value to think big. We think big in the way we design our products, the way we serve our patients, our approach to device integration and empowering user choice, and the way we structure our business to meet the expectations of our patients, our employees and our shareholders. Thinking big includes thinking about long-term profitability. As I stated earlier, through the first nine months of the year we find ourselves profitable on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis and on our way to our first profitable year. But even as we embraced this visionary mindset, it does not come without challenges. This explosive growth continues to leave supply levels much tighter than we expected as we ramp capacity and because of these supply constraints, our customer facing infrastructure has been stretched to its limits. As Quentin will explain later, our guidance considers these challenges. I can assure you that as we think about DexCom's opportunities in diabetes and beyond, we are continuing to think big. In addition, as many of you have recently seen, we've had some key developments over the past few months. In September we began selling G6 in Canada and have seen a great response to this launch. In early October, we officially began shipping G6 to our Medicare patients. Toward this end we are partnering with Walgreens to ensure that all Medicare patients can fill their prescriptions for DexCom CGM through any of Walgreens nationwide retail locations. This provides a wonderful opportunity to improve upon the DexCom experience for our Medicare patients and is an important step in our long-term to the pharmacy as our primary distribution channel. As you can see, we are innovating beyond great product design and focusing on the customer experience that we create around the product. Whether this involves DexCom directly or work with our value partners, we are thinking with the interest of our patients in mind. We continue to make excellent progress with our insulin delivery partners. As Tandem Diabetes said on their call, they are on the verge of launching their advanced hybrid closed-loop with Control-IQ System. On top of that, insulin is making great progress with their Horizon closed loop pump with DexCom G6 integration. The combination of insulin and DexCom will provide a unique and compelling user experience and form factor. Our strategy for the intensive insulin delivery businesses is playing out according to our plan and in fact, vastly exceeding our initial expectations. As we look to the future, we continue to gather data on markets to pursue outside of our core intensive insulin business. We are investing in our new markets team to execute on this strategy and expect to increase investment there in the future. Time and time again we are learning that our product has an incredible impact in these markets. Doctors all over the world are clamoring for real-time CGM use in the hospital to improve patient outcomes and streamline workflows for healthcare professionals in this environment. We continue to believe that the opportunity for expanded use of DexCom pregnancy is significant. I am aware of several independent studies in progress around the world that will demonstrate the importance of CGM in this patient population. And finally, with respect to type II non-intensive diabetes and prediabetes, data from CGM usage continues to point to promising outcomes, including potential long-term cost reductions for this costly patient group. The experience here reminds us of where we were many years ago when we started our CGM First campaign for the intensive insulin market. While there may be many use cases for these patients, we believe that CGM will be the primary tool to drive improved outcomes in the type II non-intensive and prediabetes populations, and we all know the size of these markets. Overall 2019 continues to exceed our expectations. Based on the strong third quarter results, we are pleased again to be able to increase our revenue outlook as well as our full-year operating margin and adjusted EBITDA targets. I will now turn the call over to Quentin, who will provide detail on this outlook as well as a review of our financials. Quentin?
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliation to GAAP can be found in today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. Today we reported worldwide revenue of $396.3 million for the third quarter 2019 compared to $266.7 million for the same quarter in 2018 representing growth of 49% on both a reported and constant currency basis. Our momentum has continued driven by stronger new patient additions and customer satisfaction with G6. As Kevin mentioned, these factors drove absolute dollar growth of nearly $130 million versus the prior year, a new DexCom record and significantly above anything we've seen in the past. The U.S. business grew 53% in the third quarter, the fastest space since early 2016 at the rapid adoption of CGM in the U.S. across all of our major channels continues to exceed our expectations and has been the primary driver for our performance this year. We continue to gain traction in our effort to prioritize customer access in our commercial business and believe that our efforts remove upfront barriers across all channels including the pharmacy are contributing to new patient growth. Our OUS business continues to grow very well ahead of our internal expectations. In the third quarter, we came up against our highest OUS growth comp in the past six years with 93% year-over-year growth in the third quarter of 2018. Despite that, we were still able to grow at 39% on a constant currency basis or 36% on a reported basis, both of which represented a nice sequential uptick with solid increases across the board for both our direct and distributer markets. Our third quarter gross profit was $246.9 million or 62.3% of sales compared to 63.2% of sales in the third quarter of 2018. The Q3 sequential improvement of 90 basis points was in line with our expectations that we noted on the second quarter call. While pricing remains consistent with our expectations and we are gaining the cost benefit of our new transmitter design, we did experience challenges with one of our automated G6 sensor production lines late in the third quarter which temporarily lowered production levels. This lower production output, combined with a strong product demand, have left inventory levels tight as we head into the fourth quarter. As a result, the remaining transition from G5 to G6 for certain channels of our business will be slower than originally anticipated. We still expect a strong sequential improvement in gross margin in the fourth quarter, but the magnitude will be less than original expectations. We now expect full year gross margin approximately 63% slightly lower than prior guidance. Operating expenses were $187.8 million for Q3 2019 compared to $153.9 million in Q3 2018. This reflects an increase of 22% year-over-year. The business continues to demonstrate excellent operating leverage with third quarter revenue growth once again exceeding the growth in operating expenses by more than 2x. As a result of our continued focus on operational discipline and commitment to process improvement, robotics, automation in our Manila location, we are achieving leverage while maintaining investments in research and development of our core business while also increasing investments in new market opportunities. Operating income was $59.1 million or 14.9% of revenue in the third quarter of 2019 compared to $14.7 million or 5.5% of revenue in the same quarter of 2018. This reflects a year-over-year improvement at 940 basis points in operating margins for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $92.5 million or 23.3% of revenue for the third quarter of 2019 compared to $48 million or 18% of revenue for the third quarter of 2018. As our operating margin and adjusted EBITDA margin indicate, we are making great progress towards our profitability targets and we see these are strong indicators for the long-term cash flow potential of the business. Net income for the third quarter was $60.4 million or $0.65 per share. Through the first nine months of the year we are now GAAP profitable for the first time in our company's history and we are on track to deliver our first ever full year of GAAP profitability. We remain in a strong cash position with greater than $1.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet at the end of the third quarter. Our immediate priority remains the expansion of our G6 production capacity as well as capital investment in preparation for the eventual launch of G7. We also continue to have flexibility as we invest to lengthen our growth runway including our investments in support of our new markets team. Turning to guidance, given the incredible growth that we have experienced through the first nine months of the year, we now anticipate 2019 total revenue of $1.425 billion to $1.450 billion, an increase of greater than $85 million at the midpoints of our prior incurring guidance respectively. Importantly, and unlike prior guidance, this contemplates the production capability that we currently anticipate for the fourth quarter. The revised revenue guidance implies annual growth of 38% to 41% which is an impressive organic growth number for a company of our size. As I mentioned previously, we now expect full year gross margin of approximately 63% improving sequentially in the fourth quarter as we start to realize the benefit of a full quarter of our new low cost transmitter. In light of our better than expected revenue growth, we now expect operating margins of approximately 9% and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 19.5% reflecting increases of 200 basis points and 100 basis points respectively from our prior guidance. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Pacelli: Thanks, Quentin. Our great results in the third quarter are a validation of our strategic efforts and we remain well-positioned to take advantage of our long-term growth opportunity. As some of you may have seen at September's EASD Conference in Barcelona, the full three-year results of our COMISAIR Study showed that DexCom CGM when paired with either insulin pumps or pens drove an average increase of more than 20% to time and range. That is nearly 5 hours per day of improved glycemic control another clear validation of DexCom CGM as the first line defense for people with diabetes and that CGM connected devices are here to stay. Our Insulin Delivery Partners continue to make progress on CGM enabled integrated systems. As Kevin mentioned, with the pending approval and launch of Control-IQ we are thrilled to be bringing our first advanced hybrid closed loop technology to market and commending them on their progress to date and their dedication to bring this best in class platform to reality. DexCom is proud to provide the enabling CGM and AP algorithm technology for this platform. Together, these tools help to keep the system in closed loop mode 92% of the time during the pivotal study. Similarly, Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk and Companion Medical are all making progress in their efforts to commercialize connected smart pens. We are seeing more and more interest from additional insulin delivery companies that recognize the value of connectivity to CGM and we will continue to be the demonstrated leader in these efforts. As we expand the rollout of G6, we are simultaneously taking steps to prepare the way for G7 which we still plan to launch on a limited basis in later 2020 and more broadly in 2021. We intend to be very thoughtful on the rollout of G7 as we scale the infrastructure necessary to support the anticipated demand for this exciting new platform. On our previous call, we announced the FDA submission of our G6 Pro product and we were pleased to announce its approval in early October. This is another strong example of the streamline review process enabled by our ICGM designation, giving us the opportunity to quickly iterate products to serve the knees of different customer segments. The G6 Pro represents the first disposable professional CGM product that is indicated for either blinded or unblinded real-time use. In blinded mode, the product is available for all people ages 2 and up. In unblinded mode, G6 Pro is indication for all people with diabetes ages 2 and up. Both options provide valuable insights into the impact of activity, food choices, medications and other factors on peoples' glucose levels. It also provides clinicians a wonderful tool to introduce their patients to real-time CGM and to adjust or optimize treatment based on observable patterns and time and range. We've spoken at length this year about our efforts to improve access for our patients, whether advocating for coverage for type II intensive patients, pushing for ways to reduce the upfront cost to our patients, [indiscernible] for the removal of administrative hurdles for patients' to start on CGM. As you can see from various public and private data sources, we are making good progress with the long time transition of the U.S. business to the pharmacy channel. As we've noted previously, this is a complex task. We have long-standing relationships with our DME distributors and many of our patients have grown accustomed to their process though the DME channel. With these challenges noted, our field team is doing solid work and we look forward to continued expansion through the pharmacy channel. Specific to formulary placement, we don't plan to comment on every contract win as this is a normal part of our business operations. What we will say, as many of you have likely seen, is that we have good momentum here in our efforts. The value of DexCom's CGM speaks for itself and payers and PBMs continue to demonstrate their understanding of what our product brings to the customer. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. It is hard to continue to put words the growth that we have seen since the launch of G6 and the third quarter was certainly no exception. At DexCom we have the stated mission to empower people to take control of diabetes. As this quarter and clinical studies like COMISAIR continue to demonstrate we have a product that is enabling people to do just that. It seems like every day we hear stories of people gaining confidence with their help. Children and patients living with less fear and overall quality of lives improving, these are the stories of people being empowered. To wrap up, 2019 has proven to be a wonderful year thus far and we remain excited for the long road ahead. To the DexCom team, let's finish the year strong. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only question at this time and then reenter the queue if necessary. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey good afternoon guys, thanks so much for taking the questions. Congrats on what can only be described as a phenomenal quarter. I'll keep it to above instruction and keep it to one question. Kevin, you mentioned some capacity challenges in the line that went down during the quarter. Can you give some additional color on how that factors into your guidance for the remainder of the year and why you arent concerned about meeting increasing demand going forward? Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks for the question Danielle. To give a little history here, we launched G6 a year ago and we launched it earlier than we planned and we've been chasing this ever since we started. As you look at 2019, we've grown over $300 million in the first three quarters and a $130 million in the last quarter. And while we've experienced large growth percentages in the past, we've never experienced anything like. We committed to doubling our capacity this year and by the time we exit the year in all fairness, we will have doubled the capacity to build G6 product than we had before. We're doing everything we can to put additional capacity in place to meet the demand for the fourth quarter. As we talked about, our manufacturing line went down in September late in the third quarter and for some time early in the fourth quarter. That's production we can't make up today. We do have some levers to pull and some things that might come on board in December. We can see some upside to making that up, but in our worst case we assume in our guidance this year that we're not going to make that up, we're not going to plan on that and if we do there is some upside there. So by the time we exit the year, we will have doubled our G6 capacity and I can tell you we have more automated lines coming on some in the first quarter, more in the second quarter to the point by the time you get to the middle of 2020, we will have doubled our capacity again and be able to serve everybody. We're confident we have enough capacity to meet the numbers that we've given you. We believe we have an opportunity to do more if certain things go well, and then we'll go from there.
Operator: And your next question comes from Margaret Kaczor with William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret Kaczor: Hey, guys, good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question. First one from me, it's a little bit taggy answer and from Danielle's in terms of the marketplace demand that you are seeing. Given the capacity constraints you have, I assume a lot of the growth that you're seeing is actually push driven. I mean, the patients are educated and they are reaching out to you versus you trying to convince them, so is that true? And then should we assume that patient add growth is still growing at the same pace or better than U.S. revenue growth and [indiscernible] that change going forward? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: You know what, let me start with that, and if Quentin and Steve, want to jump in, they can. With respect to new patients, Q3 was very comparable to Q2. We had a very good new patient third quarter and so that has not been an issue. With respect to patients reordering, we have not seen a change in re-ordering patterns from our patients; they are ordering what and when they can and when their insurance will reimburse for them. So there is no real difference here as to what we've experienced in the past. In reality, what we're experiencing while working through is getting product out to them as quickly as we can. Sometimes they wait just an extra day for the product, sometimes it's as long as a week. But we are getting product to everybody. We'd like to get it to them sooner and we'd like to have more at our discretion here, but we're keeping up with everything and we're doing well.
Steven Pacelli: I think, Margaret, the only thing I would add is, it's a combination of both, right. I mean patients continue to become more and more aware of the technology and find their way to the device and clearly our commercial team continues to do just an outstanding job of up-creating opportunities as well. So it's a bit of both and the new patient additions continue to outpace overall revenue growth. So it's a strong indicator of where the business is heading.
Margaret Kaczor: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. I wanted to ask - I know Steve you said you're not going to say a lot on formulary status, but we've seen a few positive sizable payers for 2020 with regards to DexCom's placement. So I'm wondering what's driving that favorable treatment into next year, maybe how does some of your tiering placements for next year compare to your lower-priced competitor? And Quentin, are you still comfortable with the$100 million to $125 million pricing headwind next year as you give up some price to move into pharmacy or of these big wins, maybe, push that expectation a little bit higher in trade-off for volume? Thank you.
Steven Pacelli: So I'll start off and then I'll turn it over to Quentin on the numbers. Yes, look, I mean, this is what we told you guys. We're executing on exactly what we told you we would do, which is why it was somewhat tongue and cheek, the prepared remark that we're not going to put a press release out every time we get a new pharmacy win, but this is what we told you we would do. We've been telling you we would do this and we're executing on our plans and with respect to pricing, Quentin you can comment?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, no, it's right in line with what we have always anticipated, Jeff. I don't at this point see any need to kind of revise the expectation we put out there. I think that $100 million to $125 million of headwinds is something that we'll continue to see throughout the course of next year. But we aren't changing our strategy here. I think what's been demonstrated is that our plan has been effective, it's working and the payers are seeing the value of our products and they understand it for the premium product that it is and we're opening doors, so no change there.
Operator: And your next question is from Ryan Blicker with Cowen. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. For G7, how much progress have you made working on automating your manufacturing processes over the past few months and is there still a significant amount of work to be done nailing down your exact manufacturing process? And then for G7 overall, what are the biggest steps in the development process you hope to accomplish over the next few months? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Hi, this is Kevin. I will take that. G7 is on schedule, as we sit right now with the schedule that we put together on all fronts. We are now in the process of evaluating the final tweaks to the configuration to lock down the entire design. The majority of the design is locked down, but we've got a - as always, when we get to this point in the sensor, what's that exact sensor configuration going to be and then we've got some algorithm and some effort to do, but none of that will slow down the clinical study. With respect to the total automation at the G7 plant, Steve, very, very truthfully said we are going to do a limited launch in 2020 and be careful how we launch in 2021. We don't want to put ourselves in a position we're talking about today, because we see that as a product that we can market to the world at great, great with great, great success. So automated lines are in design. They're being built. The equipment is not all in yet because the processes isn't completely done, but things like ordering [indiscernible] which have a long lead time and things of that nature are happening. And you will see significant capital expenditures by us over the next several months as we get these lines up and running. We have a great automation team we have good processes that we're counting on. They will certainly be adjusted as the product becomes more mature. The product was designed to be more manufacturable than G6. So we think these processes could be simpler over time. And I'll just add one other thing, we're not just asking the guys to automate G7, at the same time, they are automating the G6 factory as well as we have automated lines for the assembly of our G6 product going at both in San Diego and in our Mesa facility. So we've got a lot on our plate manufacturing-wise. We're confident with the progress we're making with what the guys are doing and expect a very successful launch in product.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Good afternoon and congrats on a great quarter. Quin, just in terms of - just the fourth quarter guidance, you typically guide to a fair amount of sequential deceleration kind of in line with historical precedent. You know, the fourth quarter, it's a little heavier than normal coming off a very, very strong third quarter. Is there anything from a timing perspective or pull forward perspective for the fourth quarter that's worth calling out?
Quentin Blackford: Let me just talk through the fourth quarter for a second and give you a little bit of color on it. There is nothing significant in terms of timing that I think changes the impact of either Q3 or Q4. But one thing to keep in mind is the OUS business is a bit more choppy than the rest of our business. The sequential trends there can move around a little bit. If you look historically, international has typically been flat to slightly down in the fourth quarter and we continue to expect that's how it will play out this year. I think the other thing to keep in mind is that as we continue to move more and more of the business toward a subscription-based model, the historic seasonality is going to play a little bit differently in the current year than what we've seen throughout history. So we're trying to model that as well. I think the other thing just to keep in mind is, Q3 was truly a remarkable quarter for us. We were up 18%, sequentially from Q2 whereas historically, we've been up 8% to 10%. So for us to look at that and call it a trend and anticipate that we're going to see at the same sequential increase into the fourth quarter, that's a bit premature. We want to see this play out a little bit longer than then just 90 days' worth of experience in the third quarter. So we're trying to be mindful of that. And I think the other thing just that is worth noting and Kevin has hit on it, we are capacity - what the top end of the capacity in our guidance range and if we can pull some of these incremental opportunities forward in terms of production lines, then terrific. There's going to be opportunity to exceed what we set the expectation for. Worst case scenario is those lines come up in the very early part of January and we're often running at that point. But if we can get those brought forward then there's potential upside.
Operator: And your next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robert Marcus: Thanks and congrats on a great quarter. I was wondering if you could just help parse out what the drivers of growth were. Clearly breaking down the barriers of cost at the pharmacy is having a big impact, but anything you can add on Medicare versus pharmacy versus DME would be really helpful. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Our big driver this quarter was the U.S. commercial business. Our U.S. commercial business - not Medicare, but our U.S. commercial patients and our U.S commercial revenues grew at a rate faster than any quarter we've ever seen and that was the primary driver. Medicare growth continues to be good, but in all fairness, in the third quarter, we know there is some pent-up demand for patients to shift over to G6. We expect Medicare to really take off next year as we roll out our Walgreens and pharmacy delivery mechanism for the Medicare patients and make it much easier for them and get them over to G6. International was also a great quarter. The growth sequentially there was very strong. Quentin talked about the fact that we're comparing to a 93% growth quarter internationally last year and we still grew 39% over that number. So the international markets were good as well. I really can't tell you whether it's DME or pharmacy that's driving it. I think just the drive is awareness and people are becoming much more aware of CGM and what it can do for them and having great experiences with the products that we have.
Operator: And your next question comes from Kyle Rose with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle Rose: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions and congrats on a terrific quarter. You talked a little bit or you at length about some of the capacity from a manufacturing perspective, but if we look back at some of the last two years and you think about some of the growth you've had, you've also been somewhat constrained just from a customer support perspective, given the surging growth from a new patient perspective, maybe help us understand just what other investments in infrastructure changes you're making from a customer support perspective, both currently now with the G6 -- I know, you went to OUS or in offshore some of that support your earlier this year, but also in prep for G7 in 2020 and then 2020 and beyond? And then I'll hop back in queue. Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, well, certainly the operation that we've set up in Manila has turned into a real corporate asset of ours. I think if you look at the performance that we're seeing there are both from a quantitative qualitative perspective. Quite honestly we're operating at some of the highest levels that we've ever seen in the company's history, and that's allowing us to scale more aggressively than what we have historically and address some of the increasing demand that we see. I think another thing that we spend a tremendous amount of time looking for opportunities in the organization is just around what we call RPA or robotic automation and taking processes that are incredibly, labor-intensive and finding those aspects of those processes and automating those, so that the folks who are doing those things can focus really more on value-added capabilities to the organization in serving the patients or even our commercial team in a much better way. And I think encouragingly, we're seeing NPS scores start to reach some of their highest levels here in recent weeks than what we've seen over the last 18 to 24 months even before we started down the path of taking some of the things outside the States and into the Philippines. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing. We continue to make investments in those ways. I think as we continue to head into the future the more we can automate the patient experience with us and eliminate the need for a live person to be on the other end of every phone call the greater. We're going to have an ability to scale and improve the patient experience along the way. So those are the things we're focused on. We're encouraged by what we're seeing, but to be fair and truthful, it has been a challenge over the time that the growth has really put pressure on it and we're doing everything we can to stay out ahead of it.
Steven Pacelli: I'll just add one other thing. We have an opportunity with G7 to reset the bar as to how we are going to interact with patients and what distribution and reimbursement channels will pursue. Everything we're doing with G6 is positioning us to put G7 its most accessible light to make sure patients can get right to it. Again our Walgreens announcement with the Medicare patients to whereby Medicare patients will be able to go to Walgreens and get their monthly supplies rather than calling us and being on the phone with us or our distributors is a major win. I was on the phone with a physician just couple of weeks ago and he explained to me his frustration with, we have three or four Medicare distributors in ourselves and all three of us, all of us ask for different paperwork, we think we can make this much more efficient for our patients with that move. And that's part of the innovation and thinking big I was referring to, we're going to make this easier. And so everything we're doing with G6 is going to fly right into G7 and we are preparing to - it's become a company that's, there's several million patients not just several hundred thousand.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jayson Bedford: Thanks, and good afternoon. So I guess just given the U.S. growth, I think it begs the question around traction and people with insulin dependent Type II diabetes. So can you just comment on what you're seeing in this patient population and the impact the pharmacy has had on penetrating this opportunity?
Kevin Sayer: I'll take that, Jayson. We are growing in that space, but in all fairness, we do not have the broad reimbursement for Insulin using Type II patients that we so desire. Medicare covers those patients and some of the payers have come along and some of them have not. We think it will continue to grow over time. But even with our pharmacy contracts, there are sometimes limitations as to what insulin using patients can have access to our technology. We are negotiating through that. We are willing to give - for example, willing to give price to have those patients covered if they will cover them. The Medicare patients do have coverage and that's where a large portion of this population exists and we will be able to get those and go after them. But it's still - it's still a chore and it is still not, certainly not the majority of our business, even the majority of our Medicare patients at this point in time. It's a great growth opportunity for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hi, congratulations on an outstanding quarter. So it's been almost a year since you laid out the various non-core market opportunities at your Analyst Day and you've got a dedicated team looking at that and doing research there. I'd just love to hear kind of what you've learned over the last year. If there's anything you can elaborate on in terms of different business models or any different views on the market sizes there?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, this is Kevin. I'll let Steve and Quentin take a little more of that too, because we've all had interesting experiences. So as this has evolved, we've gone from we're going to have a complicated type II program to using other programs to having payers around the thing to how this model is going to go. And the one learning that I've seen that I'll share with you is, it doesn't matter what the model is; CGM is what drives it and I think there is going to be opportunities across the board directly with payers, directly with the programmatic entities, directly with employers, directly with clinics to better manage these patients and you will see CGM usage vary from model to model. There are some who think you need a specific number per year, but the most recent group I talked to said, I just put them on it all the time because we get such good results. We don't know how it's going to play out, but again look at the size of that market and look at the amount of dollars spent taking care of those patients. Look at the cost of drugs for those patients and their effectiveness. We think there is a cost savings play here that might be even greater than what we're saving in the type I space and intensive insulin using space when all is said and done if we can develop the right algorithms to get into the right groups. I don't know, Steve, Quentin, you got to add anything?
Quentin Blackford: No, no. You hit is just right.
Operator: And your next question comes from JP McKim with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. This is actually Matt on for JP. So as I look back at the business on the top line over the last five years, you guys haven't grown less than 25% per year. In any of those last five and last two, it's been much, much faster than that. So as we think forward a little bit, I know you've got a little bit of capacity constraint at the moment, but it seems like you've got a lot of tailwinds here in the Medicare side in the pharmacy side. So is there anything specifically that could keep you from that level of growth as we look forward?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I think, Matt, more than anything else, as that business gets larger and you get into kind of the law of large numbers the growth rate continues to come under pressure. I think that you look at last year, we grew $300 million year-over-year in terms of absolute dollar growth. This year at the midpoint we're talking about $400 million of absolute dollar growth, yet the growth rate is arguably a little bit slower still at elevated levels, but arguably slower. So I think that as we continue to move into the future, the rate is going to just be pressured from the tougher and tougher comps that we have and larger base of business. But you hit the nail on the head. There is a lot to be bullish about and we couldn't be more bullish around the opportunities that sit in front of us. Within the core business itself, the alternative market opportunities, I mean these markets are enormous, and I think what we learn more and more every day, is that at the end of the day - CGM device that really opens up the opportunity to either impact cost, improve a patient's life, whatever it might be it comes right back to our device. So we couldn't be more bullish about the future, but at the same time, we're not going to get ahead of ourselves. We're going to be thoughtful, but we're going to pursue every one of those growth opportunities as hard as we can.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mathew Blackman with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mathew Blackman: Good afternoon, everyone. You guys spend a lot of time answering questions about the pricing implications or pharmacy access. I was hoping you could you talk a bit about the potential profitability implications of increasing mix funding through the pharmacy. Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, I think the pharmacy, is a very, very attractive business model for us. Obviously, it reduces the burden that a patient and a physician and even our back office staff here has to work through to get a patient on to the technology, so it's attractive from that perspective. But it's also very attractive from a profitability perspective. We firmly believe that we can make more profit dollars per patient through the pharmacy channel than we can through the DME channel. So - and much of that comes by way of reducing the back office effort and just reducing the amount of time that it takes to get that patient onto the product and then it clearly opens up by having easier access the opportunity to address more of the market. So for all those reasons, pharmacy is very attractive to us, but from a profitability perspective, it's going to deliver profit dollars on a per patient basis that are higher than the DME channel.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steven Lichtman with Oppenheimer. Steven, your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Yes, just following up on the very strong international performance. Were there any stand-outs in particular that stood out or was it across the board? And what was - what are some of the big new opportunities you're focused on ahead outside of the U.S.? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: I will speak to the quarter itself. I mean, it's pretty simple and maybe Steve or Kevin can speak to the opportunities, but within the quarter, it was very widespread. It was across our direct markets, it was across our distributor markets and it was across all of the regions. There wasn't any one country in particular that far and away led the pack. There wasn't any one country that was far in a way behind the pack either. So it continues to be very broad based strength across each and every one of our markets and the teams are doing a remarkable job with it.
Kevin Sayer: I'll just add, I spoke a bit about the Canadian launch in September and that launch was a great success and win for our Canadian team. If I had to pick one other geography, the one I'll call out is the UK. They had a month in December that far exceeded - I mean, September that far exceeded in anything they had ever done and we're pretty proud of their results. And we got an email, hey, we just hit this mark and is pretty exciting, because we don't have widespread reimbursement in the UK. There is - it's regional, and there is a lot of cash pay. We think as we grow in the UK, we can get widespread reimbursement and then this becomes a much greater market for us. So, kudos to the UK team as well.
Steven Pacelli: Yes, I think the only final add from me would be, as you guys are building models, don't build anything significant this year from Japan. But, Kevin and I just spent some time over in Japan and kind of detailed G6. For the first time G6 is filed in Japan and we expect to launch it there probably the first half of next year. And there is some real excitement around that product. So we'll get you guys updated when the time comes, but that's still really a non-existent market for us at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Christopher Pasquale: Thanks and congrats on the quarter, guys. Quentin, the SG&A leverage this quarter was very impressive. Can you talk about the sustainability of that? You didn't raise EBITDA guidance by quite as much as I thought and you may have given the progress this quarter. So I'm just wondering if there was anything in terms of timing of spend and may have shifted some dollars from 3Q into 4Q?
Quentin Blackford: No, nothing specific around timing of spend, although I will tell you in the fourth quarter, we're going to start to see some incremental spend, particularly around the development efforts of automating these G7 lines. We have the product pretty well dialed in, in terms of its design, now it's all about designing these lines and conceptually, we know what the lines need to look like, what they need to produce. Now it's fine-tuning that work and making sure that we have them up ready to start to roll. So you've got that that cost coming through in the fourth quarter that you didn't necessarily have in the third quarter. To your point, on a year-to-date basis, we've made incredible traction from a profitability perspective. OpEx is levered over 1,000 basis points, and on a full year basis, we're going to see tremendous leverage from both an operating margin and EBITDA margin, even though it might not have been raised in line with what you were expecting. It's still tremendous improvements. I think what it tells you is that this business has the capability to perform at very appealing profitability measures, if you will. There's nothing structurally in the business model that keeps us from being able to do that. I think what we want to be able to do is balance the investments that are going to open up all these new growth opportunities that we continue to become more convicted are real. And so we're going to balance that over time, but we remain committed to those long-term profitability goals we've laid out. We're making tremendous progress towards them and feel good about where we're at today. So we're pleased with the progress that has been made.
Operator: And there are no questions at this time.
Kevin Sayer: All right, this is Kevin. I'm going to close up, as I usually do. We want to thank everybody for participating on the call this quarter. In closing, I want to acknowledge the contribution of all of our team members to get to at this point; $130 million in growth in this quarter combined with our best financial results ever. We've never delivered a quarter like this and we've asked our people to go above and beyond 2019 to achieve these things. While our year-to-date revenue growth is near 50%, I can assure you all that our volume growth of all product components far exceeds that number. And we've been running all year to keep up and while we see a light at the end of the tunnel, it's just not as quickly as we had hoped for. Our commercial teams have hit on all cylinders this year. International growth remains strong and a great opportunity going forward for us as global access and awareness continues to improve. We also talked about the effectiveness of our U.S. reimbursement team and positioning us for the future enabling our shift to more efficient distribution channels with numerous contract wins and our relationships throughout our distribution channels have been nothing but strengthened over the course of the year. And finally, our U.S. sales team both internal and external, they've navigated through some very difficult situations with respect to our supply constraints. They'll remain engaged and effective; There isnt a better group anywhere. Many of our accomplishments this year can't be measured by numbers. All of the letters and emails of lives that we've changed, standing up a facility and a business in the Philippines over the past nine months that's grown to nearly 700-person workforce of people who have committed to this company is everybody here in the States and who demonstrate the commitment to patients that we've always had that have made DexCom the company that it is today. We look forward to continuing the success in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrienne and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Sean Christensen. Sean Christensen, you may begin.
Sean Christensen: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's second quarter 2019 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter, followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask the analysts to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our second quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash based results. Unless otherwise noted, all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the slides accompanying our second quarter earnings presentation for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Sean. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We are pleased to report another outstanding quarter for DexCom, with awareness of DexCom's CGM continuing to rise within the diabetes community. Second quarter revenue grew to $336 million, a 40% increase over the second quarter of 2018 on a constant currency basis, continuing the momentum that we have seen for the past five quarters. As we have observed in previous quarters, the primary driver of our growth in all channels, including our US commercial business, Medicare and O-US businesses, remains volume growth attributable to new patients. In fact, new patient additions once again reached a record level in the second quarter. And as our results indicate, the volume growth that we're experiencing is more than offsetting the pricing pressure that we anticipated with lower revenue per patient associated with our move to the pharmacy channel, as well as the continued expansion of our Medicare and O-US businesses. While attending the American Diabetes Association Conference in San Francisco in early June, two conclusions became increasingly clear to me. First, awareness of real-time CGM is quickly progressing and driving CGM towards standard of care status. We have gone on record for years telling that the future is CGM first and we believe that future is here. At ADA, CGM was no longer a minor presence relative to the various drug therapies. Instead, DexCom CGM featured prominently in standing-room-only product presentations, academic papers and as the driver of automated insulin delivery devices, all of which reflect the growing market awareness that we're seeing. Time and range is quickly becoming the most important metric to assist glucose control, with new time and range guidelines being established this year. Only CGM can provide these types of metrics. It is very clear to us that CGM as a diagnostic tool will become another large market for us in the future. This is well-timed with the recent submission of our G6 Pro product which we expect to launch in 2020. With significant room for further adoption in both the Type I and intensive Type II populations, we are ever more confident in the growth opportunity that lies ahead for these core business segments. Second, we're just scratching the surface of the potential for DexCom CGM. Discussions around CGM at ADA were not limited to traditional intensive insulin using populations, whether contingent to preliminary studies on use in pregnancy and inpatient settings. And as we stated on the last call, we are exploring applications of our technology into these settings as we position DexCom to maximize its long-term growth opportunity. To support these significant opportunities, our team's operational performance remains critically important. At the start of the year, we established the ambitious goal of doubling our G6 production capacity and I'm pleased to report that we are on track to achieve that goal. We're excited about the fact that we have initiated production of our low cost transmitter in our San Diego and Mesa locations. We are now building inventory as we prepare for launch. Based on the hard work of our operations teams in both San Diego and Mesa, we continue to strengthen our G6 capacity. This positions us well to expand the launch of G6 in the second half of this year. We look forward to bringing G6 to Canada later this year and driving the ongoing transition to G6 in additional O-US markets. We remain committed to a G6 launch for our Medicare patients later this year and believe that this should drive incremental demand and patient satisfaction in an already strong category. Also, on the Medicare front, as a number of you have seen, CMS recently differentiated reimbursement between Class II and Class III CGMs. And while the rate for the G6 system will be less than a Class III CGM, please keep in mind that we will ship fewer sensors and no BGM supplies for the future G6 bundle. Based on our better-than-expected second quarter performance, we're pleased again to be able to increase our revenue outlook for 2019 as well as our full-year operating margin and adjusted EBITDA targets. I will now turn the call over to Quentin who will provide detail on this outlook as well as review our financials.
Quentin Blackford : Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics presented today will be discussed on a non-GAAP basis. Reconciliations to GAAP can be found on today's earnings release as well as on IR website.  Today, we reported worldwide revenue of $336.4 million for the second quarter of 2019 compared to $242.5 million for the same quarter in 2018, representing growth of 39% on a reported basis. Our momentum continued to be strong, with this being the third consecutive quarter that we have added more than $90 million in absolute dollar growth on a year-over-year basis and, as Kevin stated, another quarterly record of new patient additions for the company. On a geographic basis, our revenue growth continued to be strong in both our US and O-US businesses, which grew at 40% and 37% respectively on a constant currency basis in the second quarter.  I'd like to remind you that our growth comps in both our US and O-US businesses were meaningfully more difficult in the second quarter than the first quarter and will continue through the remainder of the year. Our second quarter gross profit was $206.5 million or 61.4% of revenue, representing 120 basis points sequential improvement over the first quarter of 2019, while increasing our G6 capacity and was in line with our expectations. On a year-over-year basis, gross margin was negatively impacted by our ongoing investments to drive capacity expansion as well as the increasing mix in both our O-US and pharmacy channels. Our full-year gross margin expectations remains unchanged. As we invest in the long-term, our team has done an excellent job of introducing automation and innovation into the sensor manufacturing process and, therefore, decreasing the cost profile of our systems. We're confident that we can continue to do this both within the G6 platform and as we progress toward the launch of G7, providing the company with flexibility as we evaluate future growth opportunities. Operating expenses were $200.3 million for Q2 2019 compared to $155.8 million in Q2 2018. This reflects an increase of 29% year-over-year. As a result of our continued outperformance on the top line, we realized an uptick in our variable operating expenses for the quarter. In addition, the second quarter included two sources of higher-than-expected expense that we expect to normalize in the near term.  First, we made a number of investments in the quarter toward the development of G7 as we continue to prepare for launch. We made good progress in the quarter which triggered a small incentive charge of $3.2 million to Verily for accelerating development work.  Even as we continue with the worldwide rollout of our G6 system, we are beginning to invest aggressively in the product and manufacturing innovation, which will ensure rapid introduction of our G7 product when launched. Second, we incurred duplicative costs within our customer service organization as we ramp our operations in Manila. We remain willing to incur these costs through this transition and believe we have built a world-class team in our DexCom Manila location.  However, we recognized that our third-party service capabilities have not met our expectations and are working to bring them up to the same level. Normalizing for these unusual items, operating expense growth would have been approximately half the rate of revenue. Overall, we are on track to demonstrate good operating leverage this year and anticipate continued improvement in operating margins in the second half of the year. Operating income was $6.2 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared to an operating loss of $2.2 million in the same quarter of 2018. Even with the second quarter expenses that I just highlighted, we achieved nearly 300 basis points of year-over-year operating margin expansion in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $45.9 million or 13.6% of revenue for the second quarter compared to $24.5 million or 10.1% of revenue for the second quarter of 2018. We remain well positioned to achieve our long-term margin targets that we established at our investor day in late 2018, while generating cash to invest in the next wave of innovation that will extend our growth trajectory. This includes our investment in the G7 platform as well as our exploration of the value of CGM in new markets. Our net income was $7.8 million or $0.08 per share. We ended the second quarter in a strong cash position with nearly $1.4 billion on our balance sheet, providing the company with significant financial and strategic flexibility. For now, as evidenced by the $47 million of capital expenditures in the second quarter, our priority remains expansion of our production capacity. And as Kevin stated in his remarks, we are tracking towards our target of doubling G6 capacity this year, while beginning to invest for G7 production. Given the strength of our first half performance and the continued demand that we are seeing for DexCom real-time CGM, we now anticipate 2019 total revenue of approximately $1.325 billion to $1.375 billion, reflecting reported growth of 28% to 33% for the year, up from our prior outlook of 21% to 26%. As I mentioned previously, our full-year gross margin expectation stands at 64% to 65% and approaching 70% as we exit the year, driven primarily by the broad introduction of our lower-cost G6 transmitter in the back half of the year. In light of our better-than-expected revenue growth, we now expect operating margins of approximately 7% and adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 18.5%, reflecting an increase of 100 basis points and 50 basis points respectively from prior guidance. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Pacelli: Thank you, Quentin. With another great quarter in the bus, we are excited about the growing acceptance of CGM around the world as a first line technology for people with diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. Despite a number of rapidly changing market dynamics, DexCom is capitalizing on a massive growth opportunity and we're confident that the business is well positioned to succeed over the long-term. One of the core strategic objectives entering 2019 was to expand access to DexCom CGM. Within the US market, our teams have been focused on two primary areas. First, as we have discussed in detail, we are making a strong push to ensure that patients have access to DexCom CGM through the pharmacy channel. Although this has not been the primary driver of our volume growth in the first half of the year, we are confident that it is the most efficient channel for patients, clinicians and for DexCom over the long-term. The second area where we have sought to expand access is in the intensive insulin Type II population. With an estimated more than 1.5 million people with Type II diabetes using real-time insulin, this population effectively doubles the addressable market of our core business in the US. Most importantly, as CMS recognized when they first approved our CGM for the Medicare population, this is a group of patients that clearly stands to benefit from our technology for better glucose management and safer insulin dosing. Our proactive effort to drive these two initiatives will be increasingly driving CGM to the standard of care over the long-term and has also been the primary factor behind the pricing headwinds that we have detailed throughout the year. While it will take time to realize the full benefits of these strategic priorities, we are pleased to report that we are gaining strategic traction in both of these efforts. Our insulin delivery partners are progressing well toward the commercialization of integrated products. On the plus side, both Tandem Diabetes and Insulet presented encouraging results at ADA related to their respective automated insulin delivery systems. We believe that these solutions will not only gain share among pump users, but will attract those interested in pump therapy. At ADA, we also announced our intent to integrate the DexCom G6 into Tidepool Loop. This represents yet another example of DexCom support of patient choice and interoperability in the diabetes ecosystem as we leverage our iCGM designation. We remain excited about our partnerships with Novo Nordisk on the smart pen side and with Eli Lilly on the development of both a smart pen and a connected pump. As a reminder, the majority of people with diabetes on intensive insulin therapy around the world continue to choose insulin pens as their preferred means of insulin delivery, which highlights the importance of our smart pen relationships. In early June, we also announced a collaboration with smart pen maker, Companion Medical, which allows us to integrate insulin data from Companion's pen users into DexCom's CLARITY software. We are committed to helping people manage their diabetes by bringing together the two critical components of treatment decisions, glucose levels and insulin dosing, to give patients and clinicians a comprehensive picture for their diabetes management. We intend to continue to integrate additional sources of insulin data into the DexCom ecosystem over time. As Quentin mentioned, even as we roll out G6 to additional markets, the development of our G7 platform remains a key strategic objective for the company. With a significantly reduced form factor, our market defining accuracy and a one-piece disposable wearable, we are confident that G7 will be highly desirable to our existing and prospective patients as well as a product that accelerates our entrance into new markets outside of our core intensive insulin business. On this front, we are pleased to reaffirm our timelines for a limited launch in late 2020, ahead of a broader launch in 2021. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Anytime you exit the first half of the year, having raised full-year revenue guidance by $150 million or more than 10%, you know that the year must be going well. And it has truly been a great first half of 2019 for DexCom. To grow at our current scale, there are a lot of things that have to come together, and this is a great testament to the team that we have here at DexCom. To those in the field and the clean rooms and those thinking years down the road asking what's next, thank you for your commitment to DexCom and to the people we serve. There is still a huge growth opportunity ahead for DexCom's core business in diabetes and beyond. The technology that we have worked so hard to develop positions us well to go after any significant market opportunity that we choose. In summary, it's been a great first half of 2019, but we're just getting started and we will not rest. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Sean?
Sean Christensen: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Operator, please provide the complete Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Congratulations on another really nice quarter here.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Robbie.
Quentin Blackford: Thank you.
Robbie Marcus: Maybe I could start  and I don't want to get greedy here. And this is for Quentin. But after the big beats and raises you put up in the first half of the year with north of 45% growth in the first half of the year, guidance implies 17% to 25% growth in the back part of the year. I know there's a lot of moving parts here in terms of pricing as you switch from DME to pharmacy, Medicare, international, but maybe the catchall question here, Quentin, help us understand some of the moving pieces here and the impact that each of them have on guidance for the back part of the year?
Quentin Blackford: Sure, Robbie. You point out that decelerating growth in the back half of the year, which is accurate  I think probably the most important thing, just to draw everybody's attention to, is the fact that comps get meaningfully more difficult in the back half of the year to the tune of roughly 15 percentage points to 20 percentage points of headwind in the third and fourth quarter respectively. So, if you think back to the launch of G6 last year, you saw growth in the back half of the year start to get up into the mid-40s, even north of 50% in the fourth quarter. We're now anniversarying that and it creates a meaningful comp headwind. So, I think you start to start normalize for that and you get growth rates back into the ranges that you have seen in the first half of the year, so you have to be mindful of that aspect. And then, certainly from a price perspective, we continue to anticipate that we'll see those headwinds throughout the course of the back half of the year, even probably accelerating just a bit in the fourth quarter when you start to contemplate some of the incremental moves that CMS has made with the Medicare business. That will create a little bit of an incremental headwind from a pricing perspective. Although from a margin perspective, we feel pretty good that, over time, it's actually going to be beneficial to us as we no longer have to provide all the BGM supplies. So, we feel good about where that goes longer term. But it's going to create a bit of headwind.  So, I think those are the big moving pieces, the biggest one being the tougher comps.
Robbie Marcus: Okay, great. And then, follow-up question. Everybody's focus is ahead, all the way to G7 as we sit here today. Can you layout just the timelines of what we should expect? I know it's a nice an iCGM filing that's going to be different than what we've historically seen for your different alterations. But give us sort of the timelines of what we'll see, when we'll see it, whether it's data presentations or manufacturing ramping up and product out there. No, help us understand the timelines from here on out. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, Robbie. This is Kevin. I'll take that one. We continue a lot on the development side on G7. We're making some very big decisions over the next couple of months before we lock in design and go. As far as clinical trial presentations, in all candor, we probably will not have much till the product is approved and the pivotal has been submitted to the FDA because we really don't want to play our hand. We are running small trials all over the place right now, looking at configurations and things we've got to consider putting in that product. But none of those are really contemplated for publication. The push on this one since our iCGM standards  we know what the outcome has to look like. Therefore, we're going to run a trial that will meet those outcome points and no one should be overly surprised. We're confident that the G7 platform will perform very well. We have some really wonderful things going into it and the technology that we've been developing for years. As far as the launch, as Steve said in his remarks, it will be a limited launch in late 2020. We will not have the capacity to roll it out to everyone in the fourth quarter and we're not going to try. We do not want to  we've learned enough about capacity this year. We're not going to re-learn those lessons in an even bigger way. We will then, once we get approved, roll this thing out as we get our manufacturing plant up and fully ready to go whereby we can support significant volumes. Another lesson we've learned on G6 from G5 is the conversion to the new technology can actually be very fast. We probably underestimated the rate at which our patients would convert from G5 to G6 just given what we know about our patient behavior. We're not going to underestimate this conversion. It's going to go fast. And it is going to be a wonderful product. So, 2021, we really want the capacity to be able to swap everybody out. We will continue to support G6 in specific markets and with integrated products and such. But G7 becomes our flagship product by the end of 2021, with G6 supporting it in totally different roles.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: And the next question comes from J.P. McKim from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
J.P. McKim: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question. I'd like to just touch on the pharmacy, if you can just give us an update on where you are in terms of coverage and maybe volume going that way. And if you could, touch a little bit on the Walgreens announcement. It is in the PowerPoint, but you didn't talk about it in your prepared remarks. So, maybe talk about that partnership and what that could do for you guys going forward.
Steven Pacelli: Sure, J.P. I'll speak to the pharmacy question and Kevin will give you an update on the Walgreens. We can see we're making progress on the pharmacy front in terms of adding lives [ph] that are able to access the product through pharmacy coverage. So, we continue to move down that path.  I think, importantly, the new patients that continue to come into the company continue to come in through the pharmacy channel. We're seeing good progress being made there. Obviously, we've got an existing business that we've put in place over the years. I've trained folks how to navigate through the DME channel, and they're still accustomed to that. So, that shift out of DME and the pharmacy on the existing base has gone a bit more slowly than what we see coming in with the new patients. So, we fully anticipate that the business model over time will be through the pharmacy channel. We continue to push the organization down that pathway and we're making good progress. But there's a still a lot of runway ahead of us. Still lot of room to go. So, we'll continue to focus on and get here to talk about it for quite some time I'm sure. 
Kevin Sayer: And with respect to Walgreens and that announcement, Walgreens has been a good partners of ours for quite a while. In fact, as we started pharmacy coverage for patients, one of our best distribution outlets in the early days was Walgreens specialty pharmacies where our patients could very easily get access to the technology via pharmacy benefit.  Going forward, with all the data we gather from our patients and all the data we gather from our patients' other devices and other sensors and such going forward, with Walgreens and the data they have, we view this as opportunity to be a very strong data partner for general healthcare. What we have certainly meets their ambitions and we need the partner and the relationship. We think it will be a great place for patients to get their product on time. And we're looking forward to working much closer together. So, this is the beginning. And if you can't go look at their website and how they've talked about this, it's pretty front and center. So, we're very happy.
J.P. McKim: That's helpful. And then, Quentin, if you could just address, like the delta in the growth rate between the segments on transmitter, receivers. Specifically, on the receiver side with down 4%. So, I assume it has to do with international and the move into the pharmacy, but if you could just maybe give people some expectations around why the growth rates should be so different across the various products?
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. It's a great question. And to your point, the receiver is actually down from a dollar perspective in the reported figures. I can tell you, from a unit basis, they were up significantly. And as Kevin pointed out in his prepared remarks, our new patient numbers were at record levels, an all-time record for us again in the second quarter. So, volume continued to trend very well. What you're seeing play out there is really a dynamic in how we think about strategically pricing the product for the future, both as we move into the pharmacy, but as well as we start to think about new product iterations like G7 over time that start to remove the transmitter or the receiver component altogether. And so, where the value ends up getting placed is a bit different from a category perspective, but it's not reflective of the underlying volume growth in the business. So, I think that's what you're seeing play out there. It's certainly something that we have made very distinct decisions around in terms of how we set up these pricing strategies and you're now seeing it start to play through in the categories from a dollar perspective. But nothing that would indicate any underlying concerns that anybody needs to pay attention to. Volume growth is incredibly strong, new patient growth is strong as it's ever been.
J.P. McKim: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Johnson: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Sayer: Yep.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right, great. Quentin, maybe I'll follow-up on that question there. Trying to move away from looking at sensors versus transmitters versus receiver revenue, conceptually, we've thought of you guys kind of generate maybe $3,000 per year per patient in kind of ex-receiver revenue anyway. With G7 launching late next year, into 2021 and going from maybe 10 to 14 or more likely, I think, 15 days, what do you think that $3,000 per year per patient revenue  what are the puts and takes on where that could go?
Quentin Blackford: Jeff, we're not going to get into the specifics of that price point. I think, importantly, as we sit down with payers to negotiate physicians, we tend to look at just from an average value per patient on average annual basis. And so, the degree that we're going to give that information, we are putting the playbook out there in front of everybody to see, particularly the payers. And you can imagine that, as soon as it's out there, you're going straight there.  I think the important thing to know is that we understand the configuration of G7 when it comes into the marketplace. It's very different than the G6 product. We're having discussions with payers today around how we structure these contracts, so that G7 can come in very seamlessly and we move right into it. And so, the revenue does start to change across each of the buckets.  And it does start to come down on an annual basis on a per user perspective. So, as we move further into the pharmacy, we know it has to come down over time. And I would just point you back to our long-term goals. When we put out the $2 billion to $2.5 billion of revenue, we absolutely anticipated that the revenue per patient has to come down over time. And we're playing right along the pathway of what we anticipated that might look like. We're executing nicely on that front and feel very good about the progress being made.
Jeffrey Johnson: All right. Fair enough. And then, on your fourth-quarter comments around Medicare and with that class 2 bundle down, I think, 13% or 14% or something like that, you size that as one of the impacts why 4Q may be modestly impacted or the guidance implies maybe a little bit slower growth then. How do we think about that into 2020, understanding you're not giving 2020 guidance? But is that a rounding error as we start thinking about 2020? Is that something we need to put a finer point on in our models thinking about next year's revenue growth, just that change in the Medicare dollars? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: I think you need to be mindful of it. It is going to be a headwind for us as we now will have a full year of impact relative to just one quarter in 2019. So, it's certainly something that we'll speak more about as we get closer to the end of the year and start talking about 2020. But you're going to want to be mindful of it. I think, importantly, the ability to eliminate the BGM supplies from the bundle or no longer having to provide that actually puts us in a position where it becomes margin accretive relative to the current position that we're in with the Medicare channel. So, overall, we view it as an opportunity from a margin perspective to show some improvement. It's not going to move the needle in a significant way, but it doesn't become the headwind that it's been.
Jeffrey Johnson: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret Kaczor: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one for me, switching over to the O-US dynamic a little bit. If you could walk us through the near and long-term outlook and really what are the two or three scenarios for you guys in a bear and bull case? Where and when will market penetration be outside the US above 20% and above 50% penetration?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. Look, I think, for us, Europe is lagging a little behind our penetrations in the US, but there is no reason that  particularly in the reimbursed markets in Western Europe that over time, Western Europe should look a whole lot like our US business, as frankly should Japan and Canada and Australia and the other developed markets. We're not going to give, obviously, specifics on when and how quickly we think we can get to those levels of penetration, but it's coming. The European business, one comment I would make on European business and revenues, particularly in the second quarter, and we've said this time and again on our calls that the European business because it's still predominantly through third-party distribution tends to be a little more choppy. We don't have the same seasonality from DME deductibles that reset in the first quarter. And the European distribution network, the order patterns just tend to be a little choppier. So, the European business is still humming along. It's a big bright spot for us and we expect it to continue to be great from a growth perspective.
Margaret Kaczor: And then, Quentin, just wanted to follow-up a little bit on some of the outsourced support organization and some of the commentary you guys had on that. Walk us through what you guys maybe have missed? What you guys are doing to fix it? And over kind of what time horizon should we still assume everything is on track towards the operating margin goal long-term? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. I don't think you should have  or walk away from the call with any incremental concern being added to an operating margin goal. We are tracking incredibly well from that perspective, and we feel great about the decision that we made there and it's going to be a really nice leverage point for us over time. I think the difference is, when we stood up that Philippines operation, we started with really two paths. There was a direct DexCom employee base that has performed incredibly well and then there's a third-party outsourced component that we've utilized as well. And I think what we've learned is the standard that we hold ourselves to honestly is just not the same standard that other parties probably hold themselves to. And so, the question or the issue that we're starting to remedy is to get into those situations, elevate the standard that we expect and hold them accountable to deliver that for us and to us. I think it's going to be a few months here as we work through it. It's front and center. It is a priority for the team. We've got our resources all over it. The reality is we can do better. And I think that's what we're trying say here, is we understand the challenge. The experience can get better for our patients. We know that and we're after it. And so, we're committed to investing and improving in that. You shouldn't look at that as a significant investment beyond the current spend rate that you see us executing to now.
Margaret Kaczor: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you for taking the question. I just want to get my head around the move to the pharmacy channel a little bit more. It sounds like, last quarter, you were able to announce or share that the Cigna had granted pharmacy benefit. Are there any other larger insurers that you can give us an update on? Or another way to look at it, a percent coverage moment?
Kevin Sayer: You know what, I'll take that. We haven't had any large contracts that we disclosed that have come to fruition this quarter, but we continue to roll along really well. One of the things we're struggling with, in all honesty, is having to find how much  how many covered lines we have because we  as we look at all the payers we have and our competitor may have. We have about the same, but we don't really want to disclose that same percentage. We know we're well over 50%. We're on our way to getting where we want to be. The more important factor, Margaret  I mean, not Margaret, Joanne; I'm sorry, I missed  in this situation is we've got to get patients move to the coverage that we have. And as we continue to follow new patients through there, that would be helpful. And as we continue to  we'll just continue to have programs and relationships. You'll see a lot of effort there in the future.  Our strategy has been working very well as we go before payers, and I've gone before a couple of them. Our presentation has been very strong and we've been able to get the reimbursement that we're wanting and very frequently get to the pharmacy channel. But we've just got to keep knocking them out.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. Just as a follow-up, if I calculate this correctly, on a broader basis, your international revenue was flat sequentially. Am I looking at that right? And is there something going on there I should know about?
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. You're looking at it correctly. I don't think there's anything there that you need to particularly be concerned about. I think, from a sequential perspective, your point is accurate. To Steve's point earlier, this is a lumpy business. Nearly half of it still flows through the distributor channel. And I can tell you, in a market or two, the matter of an order coming through in the first quarter or second quarter or falling into the third quarter, it can cross over from time to time. So, we did have a little bit of that that played out in the second quarter that would change that sequential trend. I think the important thing is, when you look at new patient adoption, you look at existing patient performance in these markets. It's consistent with what we've seen. There is no change in that trend. So, I think you're seeing more of a timing issue when you look at it from a sequential perspective. In terms of the year-over-year, I think the other thing, just to point out is, you've got a meaningfully more difficult comp in the second quarter than what you had in the first quarter in this international business, nearly 30 points of incremental growth that showed up in Q2 of last year versus Q1, which, again, I think, just kind of comes back and demonstrates the lumpiness in the international business. So, nothing that we are concerned about playing out there. We still are incredibly bullish on the international business. The new patient opportunities continue to be strong and probably, most importantly, the overall adoption of our technology in the market is still quite lite, which leaves a lot of room to run.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. Another nice quarter.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Joanne.
Operator: And the next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from SVB. Your line is open. 
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on another really, really strong quarter. Quentin, I was hoping you could give a little bit more color on the pricing headwind that you've seen so far year-to-date? I know you guys talked about $100 million for the year. How much that's been absorbed thus far? And how much incremental should we expect in the second half? And I have a follow-up.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. So I think you go back to the first quarter, we commented then that it was a bit less than the $20 million. Here in the second quarter, it's closer to the $25 million that we've had commented on on a per quarter basis. I would tell you it was right in line with expectations. I think in the back half of the year, we expect that to accelerate a bit. I think importantly, there's a couple of dynamics playing out. Certainly, the move into the pharmacy is a big priority for us and we've talked very clearly around our intent to allow price to come down a bit to open up that channel. You've got the Medicare revision and their rates. That will play a bit into  a bit of a headwind there as well. And then, I think, importantly, we're also seeing a willingness and opportunity with the payers to continue to even move in the DME channel to create easier access to product and technology. And so, we're willing to give a bit of price in that scenario as well, knowing that, over time, it's going to have to walk itself down. So, in those negotiations, generally, what happens is you're negotiating for easier access to the technology, less paperwork, less requirements in terms of logging glucose levels. Those are the kind of things that, if we can make that easier for the patient, we are willing to concede price a bit because we understand that volumes are likely to pick up and we certainly have seen that play out. So, we've got that baked into the back half as well. That should give you some color on the incremental price in the back half versus first.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay, that's helpful. And then, my follow-up is at a high-level. Kevin, I don't know if you want to take this one, but you talked about  it's not necessarily been the pharmacy yet that's been driving the outperformance. And I'm just curious if you can talk about, like, what has been driving the outperformance, what level of visibility do you have? You've raised guidance $150 million, but you've only beat consensus year-to-date by $65 million. So, you clearly have some level of visibility into that, I would expect. And it sounds like it's expanded access. Could you quantify at all? Like, how much over the last 12 months access has actually expanded as a percentage of your addressable patient population has increased by a certain percent or something? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: You know what, I'll walk through that. And if Steve and Quentin have anything they want to add, they're welcome to. I think there's a couple of factors. I think awareness has become a huge factor in our marketplace. Many more people are aware of CGM and what it can do now than have ever been before. As we do our own marketing research and ask about our brand awareness and CGM awareness, the responses are much, much better than we've ever seen. I would tell you also that G6 is a big deal. Patients have learned about G6 and learned the experience they can have and all that it does. This has been extremely helpful in our growth. There's other little things. Tandem having an approved pump that's integrated with our system. It's certainly been helpful in driving new patients to DexCom. The growth in the international markets. And it's interesting. Oftentimes, we would look at growth, like back in the old days. I look at Steve. You all would ask us, what about peds? Is peds driving growth? And then recently, is Medicare driving growth? Every segment is growing. Every single business line is growing and growing nicely. Commercial business, the Medicare business, you look at peds and adults, they're both growing. You look at Europe, it's very much across the board. It is really driven by CGM awareness and the fact that people really are figuring out that this is something they really need to control and manage their diabetes. I don't know you if you guys have anything else you want to add on that.
Danielle Antalffy: Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Just a couple for me. Maybe first for Quentin. So, Quentin, I think ADA was the first time you offered some qualitative specifics around what G7 COGS could be. I think, specifically, you said, you think G7 COGS can get down to competitor levels at scale. I just want to make sure. There's a couple of things. What you think those levels are? How do you define scale from a revenue perspective and what's driving your confidence now in kind of providing that kind of qualitative commentary?
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that, David. When we started the G7 project back in 2015, one of the things we put on the table was a cost target. That was very aggressive and we didn't think we'd ever be able to meet. But we'd march to that cost target going forward. We know when we rolled thing out the door in the beginning we're not going to hit that target. But, over time, as we look at the cost here in electronics, the battery, the manufacturing processes when implementing that are different than anything we've done before, even the number of parts in the insertion system, everything has been designed not only to perform at our standard, but it's been designed to manufacture. It has been designed to manufacture at a lower cost in a more reliable way. So, we're very confident we can get to lower COGS. Quite honestly, I said in the meeting yesterday, our G6 COGS, as we get to volumes next year and as we've increased our manufacturing capacity and fill out our Mesa plant, are going to come down significantly as well. Our COGS are moving in the right direction. It's just taking more time. And as we've invested dollars to expand, before the expansion, things get a little bit tough on the insertion side, but as we fill that plant and keep working hard in San Diego, we're very confident we'll get there. But G7 is just designed completely different than anything we've ever done.
David Lewis: Okay. It's very helpful, Kevin. The second thing is just pharmacy coverage percentage. I think you said 50% last quarter. Can you just update us what that number is today? I think one of your competitors shared that they were at 75% this quarter. So, where are you guys today? And just give us any sense, by year-end, what percent of revenue you think will come through the pharmacy and just a sense of scale in that number, what that number could be perhaps in a year from now? Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll go into a year from now because I think that's easier than today. I can set a goal. We certainly would want to be in the 80% range as far as coverage a year from now, and that certainly is what we're shooting for. As far as where we are today, we know we're above 50%. We've gotten some more contracts. It is better than it was last quarter, but there's some  we haven't done a lot of these calculations. I've heard one number at 57%. I've heard others above 60%. I don't have the perfect number for you, David. But we're comfortable where we are. And like I said earlier in our comments, we've gone through each payer. We do this on a regular basis. What we have, what the rest of the market have, we don't see a lot of difference. So, maybe we compute our lives different. It doesn't matter. We're making the progress that we want to make. As far as the percentage of our business going through, I'll reiterate Quentin's comments. We never disclose our percentage and we won't until it becomes  it all becomes very obvious. At the end of the day, our new patients are very much going over there. We have launched a major effort to move the existing patients over there. And again, this relates to people being comfortable with how they process things in the past, having good insurance that covers them in DME. There's just going to be a process. It's going to take time, but we'll get there.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. David, as we were talking in our preparations earlier today, Kevin pointed out, we spent 13 or 14 years  the last 13 or 14 years building a big DME business and it's just not going to shift overnight. Our doctors, our field sales force, our patients are used to processing their existing business. So, you'll see new patients shift to the pharmacy much quicker because we're, obviously, taking every new patient who comes in the door to see if we have pharmacy coverage, but transitioning the DME base over to pharmacy is going to take some time.
David Lewis: Great. Thank you. Nice quarter.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, David.
Operator: And our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Congrats on a great quarter again. So, we've heard a lot about capacity strengths, both from you and from patients. So, wanted to get a sense for how much of a limiting factor capacity you've actually been on adding new patients in the first half of the year and what you could see from a tailwind as you double capacity in the second half.
Kevin Sayer: I'll start. We don't think we've lost many new patients for capacity. The issue that we have literally is timing of shipments and we've delayed things a bit. And at the end of the quarter, we really can tell pretty much everything patient wise and direct patient wise that was on the books. The double capacity, the goal to have it in place by the end of the year, we will not have double capacity running as we go through the rest of the year. That's a process that is ongoing and we've got some new processes. For example, we have our first fully automated G6 lines up and running here in San Diego and we'll then replicate those lines over in Arizona over the next several months to get those things up and running. And the fully automated G6 process is really exciting, at least it is for me to see. Over the course of the end of the year, again, you can see capacity is constrained just a bit still. We are delaying the Medicare launch till the fourth quarter. We have Canada coming on this second half of the year, but that is not coming on immediately. And there are some other international geographies we want to be in with G6 as well. We want to swap out the G5 patients, particularly those in our European markets and in our existing Medicare base. So, we're still a bit constrained on all the things we would like to do, but we'll work through it. And we think, by the end of the year, we'll be in a very good place.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks for that. And, Quentin, gross margin in the first half of the year, low 60% range and still committing to that approaching 70% by Q4. Anything you can give us confidence really on the ramp in the back half on gross margin? How much of that is coming from the lower cost transmitter versus other things?
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. Sure. It's a great question. And the vast majority of our ability to get that 70% range in the fourth quarter is really tied to the lower cost transmitter. So, I think what you want to plan to see is Q3 will step probably somewhat in line with what you saw Q2 over Q1 be. I think you'll see that same kind of sequential improvement and then you'll see the nice improvement in the fourth quarter to 70%. In terms of trying to deliver a little bit of confidence or help you become more confident in that number, we've got our first low cost units off the production lines as we speak. So, we're producing them in San Diego. They've come off the lines in Mesa. We have a high degree of confidence in being able to scale that up and ramp it. And so, our confidence level is quite high that we can get to these numbers.
Travis Steed: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker: Hi. This is Ryan on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. You talked of making steady progress, expanding coverage for intensely managed Type II patients in the US. Is anything more quantitative you can say? I believe Medicare represents about a third of this patient population. How much progress have you made within commercial payers specifically? Do 50% of commercial labs have coverage or anything close to 50%?
Steven Pacelli: It's a great question. I don't know that we have a specific answer for you. We continue to make progress, certainly as we push to move to the pharmacy, pushing for greater access for intensively managed Type 2 is right at the top of the list.
Kevin Sayer: And an example I could give you is, in the past, as you go back a couple of years, one of the things we would give up to give better access for our Type 1 patients was Type 2 access sometimes in our contractual and our pricing discussions. That's not going on now. We are pushing aggressively to get the Type 2 insulin users covered. And quite honestly, having CMS issue that type of guidance has been very helpful for us. It's been a catalyst for us to go to payers and say, look, if Medicare patients get this, so should the others. So, we're making progress. We're not there yet.
Ryan Blicker: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I apologize if I missed this. I think, previously, you had talked about launching a decision support system for MDI patients along with a smart pen partner around late this year or early next year. Is that still on track or has that been pushed out a little bit? Thank you.
Steven Pacelli: Yeah. So, our first commercial smart pen launch will be together with Companion, right, where we're doing  it's really retrospective review of insulin data together with CGM data in our CLARITY system. With respect to a real-time display of insulin in the DexCom asset, that still could happen later this year or first part of next year. We haven't been specific with who and what and what that product might look like, but we're still making good progress.
Kevin Sayer: I'll just add to that. We don't view that as a revenue driver as we sit here today, that being nice to have.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jason Bradford from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jason Bradford: Thanks. Just a couple quick ones here. In terms of the new transmitter, I realize the COGS benefit to DexCom, but are there features and benefits to users?
Kevin Sayer: It's identical to the existing G6 transmitter.
Steven Pacelli: But I will add, we couldn't go direct Apple Watch until we got to this new configuration. So, there is some better electronics that we'll be able to use the features on and get some new firmware in and such. But as far as performance, that's  I guess it's my understanding the range is a little bit longer, but it's not a huge change.
Jason Bradford: Okay. And then, I just want to get back to the international commentary, kind of the flat sequential. You mentioned that half the business goes through distributors. Did you see more consistency from the direct business? And I guess, the other question is, have you seen any change in market dynamics in Europe?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. So, we do see more consistency in that direct business. That revenue cycle is a little bit different. We're recognizing revenue upon the sale to the end user, whereas, at the distributor, generally, they'll take inventory positions where fewer inventory replenish and so forth. So, you get a bit more lumpiness in that distributor business than you do in the direct. In terms of end market trends or anything changing, no. And I think we were pretty clear with the comments earlier. The new patient numbers continue to be very nice for us, continue to track in terms of what we've seen historically from the overall international business, existing patient trends from an overall international perspective looking very good as well. And so, again, I come back to  it's a bit of a lumpiness. You've got a tough comp. Honestly, you're going to have a tough comp in the third quarter as well in that international business. Last year, the third quarter growth rate was even beyond what it was in Q2. So, I think you'll see this again for another quarter and then I think you start to see it pick up again in the fourth quarter. But nothing unusual here, nothing that is drawing our concern. We stay very close to it. We understand the patient dynamics quite well and very encourage with what we see.
Jason Bradford: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Raj Denhoy: Hi. Good afternoon. I guess it's late in the call, but I figured I'll ask the question anyway just on competition, right? So, that's been asked on most conference calls. We're still waiting for Libre 2.0 to get approved here. I guess do you have any updated thoughts on that product or the competitive landscape and really anything about the delay on that product getting approved?
Kevin Sayer: No. We don't. And we're not going to get there by that time. We've dealt with competition ever since we've been here and we'll deal with that when it comes. So, now, we don't have anything to add.
Raj Denhoy: Fair enough. For my second question, I just wanted to ask about your expectations around  I know you mentioned some of the pump partnerships. And, I guess, over the next several months, we're going to start to see the first automated insulin delivery systems with your CGM. Do you have any thoughts on what that could do to CGM adoption or your growth really into next year?
Steven Pacelli: I'll somewhat defer to Kevin, but their latest public guidance is that they're in control, system would launch in Q4 of this year. So, that'll be a DexCom G6 sensor with a Dexcom/TypeZero algorithm running on the Tandem X2 pump. As I said before, the beauty of the architecture of that  the current system with Basal-IQ is that patients who are already taking advantage of the G6 system with Basal-IQ will be able to field upgrade their systems. So, many of their existing patients are already joint patients. They're already using the G6 system. It remains to be seen. I've said this on a number of occasions. Do these automated insulin delivery systems  as we get more automation, does that kind of reinvigorate, reaccelerate growth in the pump market? I think we're optimistic that it does. And so, to the extent, we attract new patients into pump therapy, be it Tandem, Insulet, that's obviously a benefit for all of us.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Christopher Pasquale: Yeah. Thanks. Quentin, I wanted to follow-up on the question about gross margin. You had talked about not assuming that [indiscernible] sustainable one for you in 2020, given ongoing pricing pressure. Could you just update thoughts on where gross margin shakes out over the course of the next 12 to 18 months?
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. Again, we're not going to get into the setting the expectation for 2020 just yet. Obviously, you see where the fourth quarter is expected to exit. And again, we feel very good about that number approaching the 70% range. So, I think it talks to the potential that we have in front of us. But we are trying to be very transparent about the fact that the pricing headwinds are going to continue to exist. We're going to continue to navigate towards the pharmacy channels. We know Medicare is a bit of a headwind from a topline, but from a margin perspective, without giving the CGM supplies, we actually feel like that could be a bit accretive. So, we'll give more color as we start to get closer to the end of the year or exit the year. But I don't think you should anticipate it being up at that 70% range that we see in Q4. I think that's a fine starting point, but things start to model in the pricing headwinds that we talked about and the pressure that comes from the shifting mix of the business, even as O-US becomes a bigger component. You can start to work yourself into a number, but we're not going to give any more specifics than that at this point. It's too early.
Christopher Pasquale: That's fine. That's helpful. And then, if I do a little bit of math here, on the duplicative cost piece that you talked about, looks like it was about $7 million to $8 million in the quarter by my math. Is that in the right ballpark? And how does that trend over the back half of the year? Does it stay in there? Does it gradually come out?
Quentin Blackford: I think you're a little bit high to be honest with you. You're not meaningfully off, but you're a bit on the higher end of where that is. So, I wouldn't look at that and annualize that per se. But you're getting down the right path. We do think that that starts to alleviate a bit in the back half of the year. So, one of the things that we said that we would do and be very careful about was, we would ensure that we have the capability to stood up in our new facility before we let resources go here. And we are now demonstrating that. We have had a wave of resources go or two. We will see that continue to play out in Q3. And so, the duplicative costs will start to step down in the back half of the year.
Christopher Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Yeah, as you continue to move toward G7, I just wonder if you can update us on your latest thoughts on how you see the usage model within the non-intensive patient population. Do you still expect it to be intermittent use? Just your latest thoughts overall on moving into that large channel long term?
Kevin Sayer: Long term, if we had a device that would be reimbursed that patients can wear all the time, I think they would wear it. The issue becomes whether it's going to be reimbursed and what type of model is going to serve those patients best from a cost perspective. I can tell you and give you feedback on at least three programs we're aware of where interment use of G6 is going on right now. And different levels of interment use. Some wear for three months straight. Some wear one. Some wear for one month depending upon where they are. And the outcomes in these patients exceeds anything ever in a Type 2 patient in any drug. They learn more from wearing the sensor than any pharmaceutical product that's ever been introduced in that market. We're very optimistic we can make a big difference there. And we will continue to work on that business model with our G6 platforms and with those parties we're working, the programmatic people, the payers and such, to develop the right model. So, when we're ready, we're ready to go. Quite honestly, we wouldn't walk away from an opportunity if somebody wants to use G6. It's just not the perfect product with a reusable three-month live transmitter to a track app [ph]. But we're learning a lot. We've committed a lot of resources to this. And we're very confident we can make a huge difference, but the business model has yet to be developed.
Steven Lichtman: Great. Thanks. That's helpful, Kevin. And then, just secondly, on international, Steve, you mentioned Japan briefly. I was just wondering if you could provide an update on that opportunity and when you think you can start becoming a personal and not just professional use there.
Steven Pacelli: Yeah. We're still working through the regulatory aspects of G6 in Japan. So, if you remember, we actually launched in Japan with a professional version, utilizing the G4/G5 sensor platform. So, I would tell you it's probably not before the end of this year, but probably sometime  I'm hoping in the first part of next year, we're launching G6 as a direct-to-patient consumer use product.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from Suraj Kalia from Northland Securities. Your line is open.
Suraj Kalia: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Kevin, can you hear me alright?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. I can hear you fine.
Suraj Kalia: Perfect. So, just one question. Most of the questions have been asked. Maybe this is better positioned for Quentin. Quentin, I know this whole thing about  you all have been consistent about Q4 margins, stepping up to 70%. At least the math you have suggested is, Q3 is going to be give or take 63% and then it steps up to 70%. Can you help us fill in the blanks here? So, I just did some rough math. If the transmitters, those are the ones that are going to cause a step change, am I right that they have to be 80% plus gross margins on that? How should we think about that? Because I'm not getting to that 70%. Any additional fill-in-the-blanks would be greatly appreciated. Gentlemen, thank you for taking my question.
Quentin Blackford: Yeah. I don't think  Suraj, we've never given specific gross margin profiles of any particular product of ours. But I will tell you the cost reduction that we have in that transmitter, from where it was, is significant. It is orders of magnitude less costly than what it used to be. So, we're not going to give you the specifics, but it was a very meaningful reduction. The team did an incredible job. Really both the R&D team and the operation teams combined in designing cost out from a design perspective, but also just the process of manufacturing the product. It was a whole team effort that generated incredible benefit.
Suraj Kalia: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, operator. I just want to talk about one other recurring theme at ADA that kept coming to me over and over again. I met numerous people there that I've known for a number of years who have Type 1 diabetes. I literally heard the same thing over and over again. I haven't pricked my finger for six months I haven't pricked my finger up for eight months. I heard a story from one patient who said he rubbed his wife on her shoulder and she said for the first time in many, many years his fingers didn't have scales on them or weren't rough.  Other patients said I've never been healthier in my life because it's just so easy to use.  One well-known physician actually took the opportunity to make me aware of the responsibility we have as a company because his patients were right now only on G6 to manage all of their diabetes and no one pricks their finger anymore. These are great stories. But to assume that type of responsibility, we have to be really good and we have to continue to perform on the financial side, so we can meet our goals on the technology, manufacturing and operation side. There are things we have do better. As Quentin said earlier, we will address our customer service area, particularly outside service, and we will get that in line with all of the wonderful experiences our patients have with our product. We appreciate everybody's continued support  our patients, the physician community, our investors and, especially, our employees. Our sustained performance and this excellent performance we had had over the first half of the year only shines a brighter light on what we think is going to happen in the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrienne and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Matt Dolan. Matt Dolan you may begin.
Matt Dolan: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Our agenda begin with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter, followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. At that time, we ask the analysts to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Please note that there are also slides available related to our first quarter performance on the DexCom Investor Relations website on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future event, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash based results. Unless otherwise noted all references to financial metrics are presented on a non-GAAP basis. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the Investor Relations portion of our website for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you Matt, and thank you everyone for joining us. We are off to a great start in 2019 with much of the momentum that we experienced in 2018, continuing into our first quarter. First quarter revenues grew to $280 million, a 52% increase over the first quarter of 2018. Once again, this strong performance was broad based, as increased volumes in both U.S. and OUS businesses drove results above our expectations, even as we absorb the pricing headwinds that we have anticipated. We've spent years developing our innovative technology and demonstrating real world clinical outcomes. And as awareness build, demand for DexCom CGM is very strong among both new and existing patients. We remain confident that the Company is well positioned to drive toward a long-term target particularly as we expand the rollout of G6 and improve access to CGM. With this growing demand in mind, we're on track to meet our goal of doubling our G6 capacity by the end of 2019. From a cost perspective, we're demonstrating good expense control with revenue growth outpacing the increase in operating expense growth by more than two times. We continue to believe that patient outcomes demonstrate the true value of a CGM. In the first quarter, we showed real world data that demonstrates the effectiveness of our Urgent Low Soon Alert in the G6, which provides an actionable warning in advance on a dangerous hypoglycemia low, not only have we seen a further decrease in hypoglycemia among G6 users with this feature, but this has been achieved regardless of the users frequency of screened used. We also show the correlation between users of DexCom share and follow apps and better time arrange for children and adolescents with diabetes, once again highlighting the importance of this feature to our user base. As these outcomes such as these that have contributed to DexComs great reputation among clinicians and allow us to capitalize on the increasing global awareness around CGM Technology, the kind of demand were experiencing can also bring certain challenges. This is especially the case in the first quarter of every year as we must reconfirm benefits and document clinical necessity for each patient. The process can be burden sometimes with our teams going back and forth with clinicians and payers on the patients behalf. To our customers, we understand the fundamental importance of DexComs CGM in your lives and are working around the clock to make sure that you are cared for. We saw improvement in our ability to meet demand and serve our customers. As the quarter progress, I believe that the initiatives that we introduced to expand our customer support infrastructure are progressing well with several areas showing meaningful productivity improvements. Considering the significant level of demand of DexComs CGM and the strength of our first quarter, we're very pleased to be able to increase our revenue outlook for 2019. I will now turn the call over to Quentin who will provide detail on this outlook as well as a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, unless otherwise noted, the financial metrics that I discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis in reconciliations to GAAP can be found that today's earnings release as well as on our IR website. Today, we reported worldwide revenue of $280.5 million for the first quarter of 2019 compared to $184.4 million for the same quarter in 2018, representing growth of 52% on a reporting basis and 53% on a constant currency basis or $96 million of absolute dollar growth. Clearly, the growing awareness for CGM continued into the New Year. Geographically, U.S. and international revenues both demonstrated strong growth of 35% and 79% respectively over the first quarter of 2018. International revenues grew 86% excluding the impact of currency at least 25% of total company revenues in the first quarter, representing a high watermark for the business and tracking towards the long-term expectations that we highlighted at our Investor Day late last year. We have seen continued success and shifting to the pharmacy channel consisting with our expectations at the start of the year, and we will continue to prioritize this initiative as we seek to drive improved access to DexComs CGM Our first quarter gross profit was $168.8 million or 60.2% of sales. The sequential decline from the fourth quarter of 2018 was consistent with what we have seen in prior years. Relative to the first quarter of 2018, gross Margin was negatively impacted by incremental investments to scale infrastructure, as we drive significant capacity expansion in 2019 and the continued shift in our mix towards the U.S. pharmacy and international business. As demand continues to exceed expectations, we're accelerating investments to increase capacity which is putting some additional pressure on gross margins. We now expect gross margins for the year of 64% to 65% as we speed up our capacity ramp to meet the growing demand. We remain confident in our ability to bring costs out of the system as the year progresses and over the long-term. Beginning with the introduction of our new G6 transmitter and continued implementation of automation into the manufacturing process which will allow us to exit the year with gross margins approaching 70%. These improvements provided us with strategic flexibility to be proactive with payers and to navigate future uncertainties in the pricing environment as we continue to push for greater access to CGM. Operating expenses were a $176.4 million for the first quarter 2019 compared to a $147.6 million in the same period last year. This reflects an increase of 20% year over year and compares favorably to our 52% revenue growth in the quarter, resulting in significant operating expense leverage from the prior year. Operating loss was $7.6 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $28.7 million in the same quarter of 2018. Our improved operational discipline resulted in a 1290 basis point improvement in operating margins from the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA was $26.1 million or 9.3% of revenue for the first quarter compared to $4.5 million or 2.4% of revenue for the first quarter of 2018. As we said throughout 2018, we believe that there's an opportunity to drive significant operating leverage toward our long-term target in both our first quarter adjusted EBITDA and operating margin reflect great progress towards these goals. However, we are not pursuing this leverage at the expense of the growth in our business, we remain confident in the opportunity that lies ahead, not only for our core business, but also the application of CGM technology to new markets. We will continue to invest in these initiatives, our R&D pipeline and other strategic opportunities in order to maximize DexCom's long-term potential. Our net loss was $4.6 million or $0.05 per share and our balance sheet remains strong having ended the quarter with approximately $1.4 billion in cash and equivalents and no borrowing against our $200 million revolving line of credit. As mentioned, we continue to prioritize investment into our capacity expansion initiatives and automation of manufacturing which will add to $39 million of CapEx in the first quarter. Looking at the remainder of the year, given the strength of our first quarter performance and the growing demand that we are seeing for DexCom real-time CGM, we are increasing our full-year revenue expectations by $75 million and now anticipate total revenue of approximately $1.25 billion to $1.3 billion for the year, reflecting reported growth of 21% to 26%. As I mentioned previously, we anticipate full year gross margins to approximate 64% to 65% for 2019 showing meaningful improvement in the back half of the year as we look to exit the year approaching 70%. We now expect operating margins of approximately 6% and remain comfortable with our original target of adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 18%. Our restructuring efforts associated with setting up operations in the Philippines are progressing well with nearly 200 employees now on the ground in Manila. We've been extremely pleased with early indications demonstrating significant efficiency and scale and benefits. We now expect the restructuring related cost to come in at approximately $15 to $20 million for the year with the majority in the first half and now slightly below our original estimate. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steve Pacelli: Thank you, Quentin. As our first quarter performance indicates global awareness and demand for real time CGM continues to increase dramatically, not only in the U.S., but also in international markets like Germany, the UK and Australia. In February, DexCom stood front in center at the annual Advanced Technologies and Treatments for Diabetes or ATTD conference with DexCom products utilized in numerous clinical studies and presentations from key leaders in the diabetes community. As anyone in attendance can attest, there is genuine excitement toward our efforts around decision support, app enhancement and of course the G6 platform. The global rollout of G6 remained a key strategic objective in 2019. As Kevin noted, we are doubling G6 capacity by the end of 2019. Given the level of performance and ease-of-use that the G6 system brings, we expect G6 to continue to function as a platform product for DexCom for many years to come, even in certain markets beyond the launch of our next gen G7 product. Yet as we push the rollout in production of G6, our teams are also making significant progress toward finalizing G7 and we remain on track for a late 2020 or early 2021 initial launch. As a reminder, G7 will be an entirely new sense platform for DexCom, one that meets the iCGM standards and further extends our leadership with a significantly reduced form factor and extended wear in a fully disposable one-piece wearable. Strong therapeutic cost saving outcomes utilizing CGM continued to present themselves across the healthcare landscape. For several quarters, we have discussed CGM usage in non-intensive type II diabetes, pre-diabetes, gestational diabetes, broad potential deployment in the hospital and application in overall wellness. Well, there is now time for an increased focus and investment in these areas particularly since we know that these opportunities will require completely different business models and distribution channels. In order to leave this effort, I'm pleased to announce that we have appointed in Matt Dolan, as General Manager of New Markets. As many of you are already aware, there is involvement with our investor relations and corporate development efforts. Matt is a great leader and we are confident that he and his dedicated team are the right people to guide these key growth initiatives for DexCom. Coming back to our core business, we have proven ourselves to be early advocates of the principle of interoperability and patient choice, having established partnerships with multiple insulin delivery players, and we will continue to leverage the iCGM designation. We are seeing significant progress from this collaboration and look forward to the launch of a few of these connected products over the 12 months. We are especially prone for our patients as these innovative products stand ready to minimize the burden of diabetes management and we are proud that DexCom stands at the center of this progress. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks Steve. This is obviously an exciting to work at DexCom not only are we working hard to bring our technology to the increasing number of people with diabetes who see the benefit of real-time CGM, but we are very actively exploring possible applications of our sensor technology to additional populations. My personal expectations for our new markets group are very high. We need together as much clinical and cost-based evidence as possible with our G6 platforms so that we are truly prepared to attack these markets in a big way with C7. In the meantime, we are capitalizing on the continued momentum in our core business, leading to the significant increase in our annual revenue guidance. With this success, we have put everybody on the DexCom team to a lot in the first quarter from the commercial team, to manufacturing, to customer support, to R&D and beyond. We know youre working incredibly high and we thank you. In summary, we are very pleased with the DexCom's performance to start the year and believe that we are well positioned for another great year of revenue growth, technology advancement and increasing comparability. I would now like to open up the call up for Q&A. Matt?
Matt Dolan: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now being the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason Bradford from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jason Bradford: So, I'll ask my question and related follow-up upfront here. First Quentin just to imply the initial guidance was about a 100 million in assumed pricing headwinds due to the mix in the pharmacy international et cetera. Is that what still baked into the new guidance? And then second, in terms of the move to the pharmacy, I realize the inherent in benefits for existing users migrating to what should be a lower cost setting, but receiver growth continues to be quite strong. So my question is. Do you think the move to the pharmacy is stimulated incremental growth in new patient adds? And any color that you would provide around the pharmacy dynamic in the quarter would be great?
Quentin Blackford: So, yes, Jason, to your points the 100 million that we talked about on the initial call for the year setting their original expectations that's still consistent with how we think about it over the course of the year, so no change there. Obviously, we've got a consorted effort in place to move to the pharmacy channel and that's playing out about just like we anticipated that it would. Your point on new patient growth, I am certain that you know the pharmacy channel makes access more easy and more convenient for folks, I'm certain that's a part of the driver. And when you look at the overall growth in the Company, there's no question that the primary driver of our growth is new patient volume. So I am sure its connected.
Operator: And our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Just looking at your Q1 revenue, it seems typical seasonality is just 20% of Q1 for the full year. Just trying to think about that suggests about a 100 million more than you're guiding to for 2019. So is that just the typical conservatism that you have? Or is there anything else we should consider as we model our 2019?
Kevin Sayer: I think the right way to think about it and I know we talked about 20% back on the last call, see a few things came through in the quarter. We talked about the strength in the fourth quarter being really driven by new patient additions that came in late in the quarter, and if you recall at that point time, we had shared that we expected those folks may be back with their next reorder really early in the second quarter. We saw a lot of that end up coming through in the month of March, was a bit ahead of our expectation a great signal and great outcome, but at the end of the day that was a bit of the upside surprise. I think the other thing to keep in mind just around seasonality is that, as we continue to move more into the pharmacy channel and as we continue to see the OUS business become a bigger part of the overall business and as that Medicare continues to grow faster than the commercial business, all of those have very different seasonal patterns to them, generally which might have more revenue early in the year. So, we're trying to be thoughtful around all of those different dynamics in the business as we set expectations for the full year. Certainly not trying to signal anything, we know what your math would indicate, that you laid out there, but we're just being mindful of some of the shifts in the mix of the business.
Travis Steed: And then, I want to make sure I heard you correctly, you're exiting the year with 70% roughly gross margin. Just kind of give us a little bit more info on how you're going to get there? And is that sustainable into next year? And also does it give you little bit more flexibility on pricing, if needed?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. So, I think this is -- the 70% ability to get into that number by the end of year is in line with the plan that we've always had around our gross margin progression into the future. You go back to our investor day and we laid out the path that arguably could take us up north to 70% and then you have the headwinds that continue to play in with the revenue per patient, mix challenges that we envision as we continue to move into the pharmacy or OUS becomes more significant. So there's nothing out of the ordinary here its right in line with what we plan to be able to do. The big enabler for us and we talked about this lower-cost design transmitter for some time now. You're going to see that start to play through in the fourth quarter. So the teams have done an incredible job of designing cost out of the system. We will start to produce that in the back half of the year. You'll actually see us start to get produced in the third quarter, that'll get hung up in inventory a bit, we will start to sell through it in the fourth quarter and the benefit will start to play through. So you know it's in line with the plans that we had. I think in terms of next year, I would just tell you, let's stick in the mid 60s at this point in time, I think it absolutely gives the flexibility to continue to navigate the pricing environment and do what we need to do that ultimately generate the most significant growth of the Company. But its these kind of things that give us those strategic opportunity to be flexible and how we think about positioning ourselves.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JP Morgan.
Robbie Marcus: Congrats on a great quarter, thanks for taking the question. I want to address a question that's been impacting the stock and clearly top of mind for investors lately and that's the potential intending approval of your competitors Libre 2.0 product. And there is a lot of questions out there about. What is it looked like? Does it get iCGM? And how those alerts and alarms will compare as a product versus G6 today and eventually G7? So I'd love to get your thoughts here and any clarity or insight you could give us would be as much appreciated.
Kevin Sayer: Robbie, this is Kevin. Ill take that one. Let's go back a bit it was a about a year-ago at this time that we talked about the iCGM standalone for the first time, and we remain very bullish on the fact the FDA did give us guidance and standards by which we can develop products in the future that will be safe and in the best interest of our patients and we stand by that. We wanted the standards and guidance for years. So, we know what the bar is to shoot at and we actively look at that. We never assumed when we started this process that we would be the only iCGM company in the world that eventually others would have their game to get that approval and in the event that have it, does get approval on, on the iCGM standards that they've obviously provided enough clinical evidence to do so with the FDA. If you look at back at the history of our company and we are reminiscing about this today as were preparing for the call. Ever since I've been here, we've always had a competitive offering from another company in the field and they claim to be as good as a DexCom. But you'll notice the claims that those companies have always been aware as good as the DexCom never as good as somebody else aware as good as a DexCom. Realize used in the field is proven over and over again and our technology leads the way. Another actual real world clinical performance on body and on patients has always been the best and has always surprising given us the position to do that. We are very confident that our product will remain top of the line and will do and it will be extremely well received. We have not seen a lot of Libre 2 in Europe where its been launched. So we dont have a lot of answers and we're not going to speak for the characteristics of their products. We know a lot about ours. We have enhancements coming for G6 over the course of the year that we're making the even better product offerings and overtime as we offer decision support. And other things for our patients, we intend to have the best experience either the patient can possibly have with G6. When we move to G7 and its size advantage of the body wearable, the one piece component but we dont have to put a transmitter in the system anymore, the lightweight nature of it and many of you know I -- where the G7 quite a bit now as I've always been a sensor snob. It is a patient experience it's a bigger leap than from G5 to G6, it's been in the -- in our previous history. So, we know that product will be widely competitive and have all the features and benefits of a current G6 system and more. So, we -- our pipeline is fabulous, it's a great market opportunity and there is room for a number of participants and number of products not just one.
Robbie Marcus: That's really clear. Appreciate the thoughts, Kevin. And then just a follow-up, maybe not too far off a bit. But can you give us some flavor of what your discussions with payers are like? Are the payers focused on cost avoidance of diabetes adverse events and improving patient outcomes? Or are they just simply focused on moving reimbursement to a lowest cost denominator here?
Kevin Sayer: It depends on the meeting and it depends on the payer. We've been very successful in our payer discussions over the past several months and I had wins on numerous payer discussions for example. Cigna just gave us pharmacy coverage and pharmacy benefit. We do not issue press releases every time we have a win because that's our job that's normal course of business for us. But we have great coverage here and some local payers in pharmacy coverage. We do spend a lot of time discussing outcomes and educating payers and I think over time as we get more data and as we can build a better case, we can get those type of contracts in place. I would put the onus for that back on us rather than on the payers. We just need better measurables and better data, it's taken us years to develop that clinical evidence that the Diamond study that we talked about for the first time a couple years ago was really our first endeavor to do that and now with all this data coming to our servers through our mobile platforms we believe we will be able to make some very strong real-world evidence just from our patients as we look at time and range logistics and compliance with the system and how well they do on hypo avoidance. I gave an example in my prepared remarks of the predictive alert that we have in the G6 system and how we're seeing a significant reduction of hypoglycemia because of that alert. That type of evidence is something we really haven't presented in the past and we will do that going forward, now that we have so much data from the mobile systems. We're very comfortable playing in that realm because we know the outcomes that our device provides to patients are outstanding.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Just a question and this is sort of following up on the question around the impact of a competitor potentially getting iCGM, but just curious if you can give any color directionally or what have you on the percent of your installed base domestically today and/or new patient adds that are MDI versus pumpers? I think historically you said the majority of the patients coming on to DexCom are MDI and not actually pumpers. Anything you can say to that?
Kevin Sayer: The majority of our new adds now are MDI patients Danielle, by a reasonable margin, as we're getting a much larger patient base, we're going over into those who are not on the pump systems for more of the new adds. But I anticipate as our partners get new systems out that we will see significant growth in that segment as well as the systems do more than just deliver insulin, but actually have algorithms that can improve outcomes. Right now, our new patient adds are primarily MDI patients.
Danielle Antalffy: And then just a question on the G7 and I want to make sure I'm understanding correctly how pricing is going to change with G7, I know you guys havent sort of outlined your go to market strategy per se, but I think you said in the past that you know. At some point, you're expecting to be, well, tell me if this is correct. Are you expecting to eventually be pricing at parity with the competition as we look down, further down the line to G7 and beyond? Or do you think that even with G7 you'll still be pricing at a premium?
Kevin Sayer: I am not going to outline all the specific details regarding that, but here's our strategy and here's how we look at that. We look at the annual revenue per patient per year program and what is the appropriate amount to charge a patient. For example, as we've gone from G7 to G6 that's how we look at that product offering as annual revenue per year rather than pricing on the individual components. With respect to how we price G7, there's a lot of variables involved here. We have a decision support tools that lead to better outcomes. Does that justify a premium, does it not. I think we will have to see it overtime. Let's what's important for the investment community now that from a cost basis we have a lot of flexibility with you Kevin. We design that product for manufacturing we design that to be a lower cost product offering than we have today. Particularly with the extended work, were prepared so what the market will do but we will study this a great length and have a very decent we've got our markets changed before we go, but I can't commit to anybody anything specifically now. We're very optimistic about all the directions we can go.
Operator: And the next question comes from J. P. McKim from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
J. P. McKim: I wanted to ask one just Kevin you made a comment that you -- that I think, youre wearing a G7 now, so it feels a little more real to me. And so, maybe initial thoughts on that? And then will we see a trial start for G7 this year? Or is that still something that will happen in 2020?
Kevin Sayer: Look, we run trials with G7 all the time, but there is small trials that we're gathering data to learn and fine tune the features of the system. With respect to the experience, regulatory people probably going to kill me with their legal guidance first, but it really is spectacular. The wearable is pretty much not existing on your body. As I look at projects we've started and innovation that we've attempted during my term with this company, this is the biggest leap weve ever taken and its a huge leap and kudos to all the people involved in it because, if I were to design what I would hope CGM would have been when I started in this business. Yes, in 25 years ago, this week, I would have designed this and so we're finally here.
J. P. McKim: And then maybe just on affected -- on just the non-intensive programs. The several trials that we should see some data at ADA around, I mean, either Matt or Kevin, how do you -- how do you define success in those trials? Is it our payers are really keen on recent amount of medications? Or they -- is it going to be the time arranged with the metric? Or I guess how do you -- how should we look at those trails as successful?
Matt Dolan: Yes, I would say, you have to take the individual markets and kind of look market-by-market, so certainly in the non-insulin using non-intensive type to market, reduction of drug cost is fair paramount. Right, in the hospital and in the length of the stay, reduced nursing time is important but reducing length of stay, getting people out of the ICU down to a step down ward into the general ward and out of the hospital. And actually, as important these days prevention of hyperglycemia in the hospital setting is becoming increasingly important as on CMS as radar as a key metric for hospitals to reduction of hypoglycemic into the important going forward in that market. Gestational diabetes, we're still early in exploring opportunities there. I'd love to tell you that at some point, the CGM session will actually replace the old glucose tolerance test thats going to take some time and effort and some clinical trial work on our product. So there is no kind of one size fits all in the new markets development opportunities, but Matt has developed and will continue to develop a pretty robust team to tackle all this markets. And clearly over the next several years 3 to 5 years time horizon, those markets become increasingly important for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Quentin, just I want to come back to gross margin. I appreciate your commentary but that 75% to the back half of the year and mid-60s next year. But if I take the LRP it's obviously as youre aware with 65% 2023 scaling in innovation about 700 basis points to that, so it actually feels like both of those factors are playing a pretty powerful role in the back half of 19. Is it safe to assume that 65% 2023 number given you seen earlier scaling innovation is now a conservative number in which you think about that number being kind of materially higher?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, I dont want to get out to five years out from now and talk about whether it's conservative or aggressive. I think what we try to lay out for you is that, we are very clear lines of sight to some very specific improvement efforts that will drive gross margins higher over time, what becomes a bit more of a variable that we're prepared to be able to address the revenue per patient headwind. And as the mix between different channels, we're going to have more than enough leverage going through the GOGS profile of our business be able to address that very aggressively and still produce a very attractive gross margin profile. So, were happy with where things are at, the lower cost transmitter coming in the back half of this year has always been something that we plan for and knew that wed see a nice benefit from the Kevin's point earlier. You're going to see an incremental benefit coming from G7 as well as thats been design to be the more cost effective. There's a lot of nice leverage in front of us that gives us the opportunities to come back some of the headwinds that might be out there.
David Lewis: Just quick follow-up on the pharmacy benefit and the pair dynamics, can you update us Steve maybe where you are into the pharmacy benefit coverage? I think it was 50% last quarter, more specifically a lot of we made into the quarter about first provider or primary provider relationship. Can you sort of talk about whether preferential provider forming relationships are having any impact on U.S demand? And sort of how you see the future of preferred provider relationships in the channels of the -- where you are in mix and what you would say on preferred provider? Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: I will answer the second part of that question first which the answer is, no. I mean weve seen some isolated instances of companies trying to negotiate for preferred status, but that certainly not something we're seeing as a trend as we move to the pharmacy benefit. As for commercial lives under coverage, were certainly north of 50%. We havent given a more granular number than that and we're still not processing in terms of our commercial business. We're not processing close to 50% through the pharmacy channel at this point. We're working hard to move more and more patients in that channel. So when we say we have north 50% of the commercial lives covered, were certainly still not processing 50%.
Operator: And the next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you for taking the question very nice quarter. Two questions really at the ADM meeting in June, can you give us a feel for what we should be looking for there?
Kevin Sayer: Steve, why dont you take that one?
Steve Pacelli: I would say that the most exciting data set if you will that we hope to see at ADA will be really a combined data set together with Tandem where we should get at least a first peek, if not a full-blown deal at the iDCL data. So, again thats Tandems X2 pump with the DexCom G6 and the DexComs TypeZero algorithm running hybrid closed loop system. So, thats probably the highlight for us and for Tandem collectively at ADA. There will be a number of additional poster and some podium presentations, but from a data perspective thats really what we're looking forward to.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I will just add the other thing Joanne that we're going to continue to see is anybody's stands up to speak starts talking about CGM, every outcome, every trial, everything going on CGM is clearly becoming the standard of evaluating diabetes care across the board. And I believe that trend is going to continue at ADA, and you will see CGM pretty much and are well done everywhere with everything thats done.
Joanne Wuensch: That's helpful. And then my second question has to do with markets. Growth was strong there again this quarter and I'm just trying to get an idea of sustainability and into what other regions you might be looking to venture into?
Kevin Sayer: You were talking about the OUS market?
Steve Pacelli: International.
Kevin Sayer: Clearly, the growth was strong there and I think you look at overall adoption of CGM in that overall marketplace, its probably still sub 10% in terms of the long range opportunity, and so there is a huge amount of runway that continues to exist in front of us. And our core markets continue to drive the primary growth for us today. Germany was another standout performer in the quarter leading the way for us, but there is significant another new markets that are coming online. We just saw a significant growth coming out of the Nordic markets for example. We saw incremental reimbursement approved in Australia that will add significant amounts of contribution over the course of later part of this year and into next year. And then you get into some of the Asian markets where we haven't started to see the contribution yet, but expect nice tailwinds coming out of Japan and Korea for example. So, there is several new market opportunities or even markets that were in today that it is growing at a incredible rates and paces of growth in a relatively untapped market opportunities. So, I think there is several channels for overall growth in that international business to get it to the point where in our long range plans we talked about it at the end closer to 30% to 35% of the overall business which means it's going to be growing faster than the U.S. business I think there is a lot of channel that will continue to make that available to us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret Kaczor: So first one for me is more bigger picture perspective because we've now seen several quarters of strong patient growth that. So what I'm curious about is whether you guys are seeing a change in prescription patterns in the market whether its endo or patients and irrespective more pharmacy or G6 that is CGM really becoming widely expected in a go to for most Type 1 patients?
Kevin Sayer: Margaret, this is Kevin. I believe it's becoming much more widely accepting in prescription patterns arising across the board. It's just becoming and towards the manager insulin delivery and it's not while it is becoming a tool and more accepted penetration rates are somewhat at the point where we need to step back and worry. In the type one market we think the penetration rates in the U.S. are still in the 30% range across the board and type two intensive insulin using it's still not that bigger number either. So overtime there is plenty of market runway here to continue to go on in that international front penetration rates I mean intensive population or unfolds the venue at Huwaii. But we think it is much more accepted then it was before we think G6 has had a very positive impact for us and these are the markets because it is much easier to use the low calibration feature the easier insertion for rectifying connectivity all the things we built into G6 were design to drive this market and were seeing the benefits to that as we go forward.
Margaret Kaczor: And so just to follow-up on that it seems like you guys have got nice improvement for the end of selecting patients that they think that will see the most benefits from that and what else maybe do you need I know you mentioned the new connected product launch in this year I dont know if it was a digital software or hardware.
Kevin Sayer: It's interesting I just spend some time with several of the folks from the field and I would tell you lot of this varies territory-to-territory. It varies practice-to-practice still there is not a standard guideline where all the doctors are identifying different patients and having different criteria I would say like anything its changing rapidly. When I first went out in the field when I started here, the only Patient recommended for CGM was a pumper, I would ask doctors who do you put on CGM they say somebody with pump is where we start that certainly is not the case anymore. And so it varies across the board but it is much more equivalent then it used to be. There is still plenty of room.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is now open.
Jeff Johnson: Kevin, I want to go back and ask you a question on the MDI versus pump mix that was talked about earlier. You especially within the MDI category, have you seen any change in that patient base or you wining any competitive convert there? Are those all native first-time users of CGM that you're wining on that MDI side.
Kevin Sayer: I dont have a good piece of data here.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I would say anecdotally so obviously coming out of our national sales meeting and talking to our field force, who really do on the front line. That you hear anecdotal stories that you ask people would try Libre and if they are content with an on body experience with a sensor experience that they do migrate to a DexCom, but we dont have any real metrics to kind of give you what sort of conversion rate we have on Abbott to DexCom. With respect to Medtronic, theyve launched a standalone system but we obviously we just dont see that system out in the market place at all.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And then on Medicare, we didnt get much color on that this quarter. Any update there on stick rates on demand trends things like that? I know G6 is push so later this year in that channel. Has that been impacting on your term demand? Just any updates would be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: No change in trends there, Jeff. I would say our stick rates remain very, very high. I mean were incredibly encouraged by what we're seeing there and the new face funnel continued to be very full. So, pushing the G6 launch out into the later in the year has not impacted any trends that weve seen in that Medicare business right now.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Ryan Blicker: Hi, this is Ryan now for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. And first of Mike congrats on the new role. You referenced G6 enhancement coming this year earlier in the call. I talked about new algorithm on the last quarterly call. Can you provide any more detail? Should we expect algorithm to noticeably improve the performance metrics of G6 during 2019? And then, should we expect extended wear for G6 during 2019?
Matt Dolan: You know what, lets us -- were going to keep that close for the rest an outlay afterward the road map. In the U.S., I can tell you in 2019 we dont expect extended wear for G6 in 2019. The decisions that we're making around things that would require extensive trials of that nature are very interesting. Do we commit those resources to G6? Or do we commit those resources to accelerating G7. And in many cases, were choosing the G7 acceleration over that. But there are new features coming out in the fall on G6 and we will -- we're kind of way we have before we leave with those all out to everybody.
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Chris Pasquale: Just want a follow-up on the comments about the gross margin, Quentin. And why we shouldn't assume the 70% is a good number? Going forward, Im assuming some of that has to do with the continuation of the pharmacy dynamic next year. But just kind of flush out, how much you have to upstream to maintain margins in the mid 60s? And what you are thinking about next call it 18 months?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, without getting into specifics around 2020 maybe I'll just point here to one of the dynamics that we feel on the business right now, which is somewhat considerable to what we saw last year as well. For the full year, when we set margin expectations, we talked about theyre being roughly a 200 basis points headwind relative to the revenue per patient impact of moving into some of these other channels, both pharmacy and OUS. I think based upon what we know at this point in time, thats probably the right way to continue to think about that headwind as we roll into next year. Clearly, we will refine that as we learn more as we exit the year, but they start to push up into the 70s with the lower price transmitter. It clearly gives us opportunities to be more thoughtful around pricing strategies into the future. So that's why I come back into the mid-60s for the time being, but in terms of the pressure we're feeling from the mix channels, couple of 100 basis points right now is what we're seeing. So you can model from there where you want, but I still think the mid-60s is the right way to think about it of long-term.
Chris Pasquale: And then on the new markets, I am assuming this is going to be a little while before we see some real data and some of these new indications. But at this point, is there a lead candidate that you guys think is most promising or that you think you want to go after first?
Kevin Sayer: I would say we're already commercial to some extent in the non-intensive type 2. I mean we've characterized some of the work we're doing particularly with United Healthcare as pilot studies, but we're talking about multiple 1000s of patients. So there are large pilot studies. With respect to the work being done by United, Onduo et cetera, you are not going to see any data. In fact, they hold some of that the findings and the learnings there to be highly proprietary, so they are not going to share that with anybody. To the extent, were going to run the more formalized clinical protocol for hospital, hospital indication or a gestational indication something like that, that data may become available. But right now, I dont think we have any plans to grow at a tip if I had to, to our potential competitors and in those markets as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Raj Denhoy: Just we want to ask about the leverage in the middle of the income statements. You guys are talking about and I appreciate the comments on the increase sort of folks in the Philippines now, so couple of questions there. One is, if you think about the environment getting potentially more competitive, one of the concerns is that your customer service for guys has always been such as a really strong suite. And as you move that now offshore and how you maintain that? And so, I'm curious if you have any kind of really data or anything can offer in terms of how that transition is going?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Raj, we've been incredibly impressed by the team thats being built over there, and we paid very close attention to not only quantitative assessment and performance metrics, but also qualitative. And so, we try to take the opportunity with every single patient as they work with our folks over there, to get feedback from them on how the calls went and what we can do better. And I can tell you out of the gate, our qualitative scores are higher than what we've seen in our domestic teams. So, we're seeing great results and something that were paying very close attention to.  From an efficiency perspective, we've been beyond to be quite honest what we anticipated we might have been able to recognize in the early stages there. You look at some of the work coming out of our customer advocacy or complaints area, our tech support and other back office functions and the efficiencies are significant that lead us to believe that it's going to make it much easier to scale, much more quickly, and clearly and more effectively. So we couldnt be more encouraged by what we're seeing out of that effort there. I believe that overtime that becomes a real strategic asset to this company and allows us to be more aggressive and how we think about other strategic opportunities in markets we might want to pursue or how we just compete in the local markets that we are in already. So I'm very encouraged by what we're seeing there.
Operator: And your next question from Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital.
Ravi Misra: My first one is again on gross margins. Just hoping Quentin maybe you could give us a little bridge between the first quarter and fourth quarter ramp? And then on the first quarter, what are the headwinds that showed up in that margins theyre going to follow away or maybe break it down versus year-over-year versus or mix shift or underutilized overhead?
Quentin Blackford: Ravi, when you're talking fourth quarter, youre talking about from Q1 this year to Q4 of 19.
Ravi Misra: Yes, thats exactly.
Quentin Blackford: Sure. So, I think, let me just thought year-over-year real fast, Q1 to Q1 around some of the headwinds that we had, there is about 200 basis points of impact related to the continued shift towards pharmacy and the U.S business bigger part of the overall contribution and there is about 200 basis point associated with really our focus on doubling capacity and we talked about the fact that with demand being beyond what we had anticipated were accelerated some of that spend so we pull some of that forward , not all of that is capitalized or mentor able and so its run through the P&L a bit early than what we had anticipated. So I think you will see Q1 will be that low watermark I think I start to see improved a bit in Q2 and some real improvements in Q3 and on Q4 and really what drives that in Q3 you're going to get just the benefit of levering the fixed overhead that we put in place right now to find design the automated manufacturing capabilities and Q4 leverage while you're getting some of the benefit of that leverage or the fixed overhead you're really going to start to get the place of the benefit of the low cost transmitter. So hopefully that gives you a bit of a bridge over the course of the year in terms of what the contributing factors are but I think for us we can see clear line of side of getting close to 70% range as the year.
Ravi Misra: Great thanks I can ask some follow-up off-line. Then my second question is just around type 2 usage and some of the commentary you had around moving patients from the ward to ward, just curious what is the take on the proposed rule changes around the new technology add on payments, do you see a space for your CGM products to fit into that designation and what could that meaning from a reimbursement or from an prospective.
Quentin Blackford: Absolutely, particularly in hospital setting as I mentioned, CMS has a renewed focus and as identified hypoglycemia in the inpatient setting as a huge problem. So, you are not going to detect hypoglycemia with finger stick even if youre taking a couple of finger sticks an hour, right. So, I think the CGM plays perfectly into that environment. We long know that recurring hyperglycemia in the hospital is problem reduce feeling times, we can get CGM put on it, the idea would be to get CGM put on these patients, potentially preop get them into the hospital with the sensor already on, get the blood sugar under control before a procedure and get them in and out of the hospitals as quickly as possible. We think there is great application there. We think also and the disposable nature of G7 is the perfect product opportunity there.
Operator: And the next question is from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is now open.
Matt Taylor: So I want to ask Quentin a question, see if you can give us a little bit more detail on, what changed your sequentially in terms of some of the assumptions that are embedded in the revenue guidance for the year? You did address a little bit of this from the earlier question about the pricing headwinds, but can you just give us a sense for what has changed and if you could provide broad stroke from the different component that will be helpful?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, its really quite simple to be honest with you, its not a lot of different moving pieces it comes down to new patient volume or was it anything else I think the demand that we continue to see in the business coming up in Q4 and the strong Q1. This continues increase our confidence in the adoption of this technology in the marketplace and so it's really new patient volumes that are driving the incremental growth. I think that you'll see a lot of that come through on the commercial business through the pharmacy channel from our experience, but we believe that for the majority ends up showing up and then that international business is a bit strong as well. So those two channels are the primary drivers and at the end of the day it's all new patient volumes that are driving it. The pricing assumption I talked about earlier, no change in terms of the 100 million headwinds.
Matt Taylor: And then maybe just to follow up with the head of new markets here and just for the team. Can you talk about which off the new markets you think it's really going to be able to bear fruit for the Company in the near-term and you can share on the strategy or that's change since you talked about some of those things at investor day?
Kevin Sayer: I'm not as concerned bearing fruit on the revenue side, as I am building a long-term case. So our efforts this year as we rolled a step out as I've said earlier in my prepared remarks are to develop the outcomes the cost base evidence, that shows these are markets where we're going to save patients nine delivered better outcomes so it will be largely developing that evidence in those business models establishing a relationships we need to go to distributing into these markets and taking some steps like that over 2019 and early 2020. And then when we roll out G7, we expect to roll that out to these other places as well. And that becomes more of a commercial thing. Right now and again I will echo something that, that Steve said earlier we haven't just been sitting around on this and not working we had some of our best people working on these efforts for quit sometime now what we've done is formalize the structure and said you guys have a whole new have a group you have some goals go get this done. And we're going to start measuring that progress more rather than just as projects and as while we're expecting in this return.
Operator: And the next question comes from Steve Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Kevin, on intensive type 2 where do you think were at penetration wise today and any updated color on your discussions with commercial payers like spending access to those patients?
Kevin Sayer: We continue to pursue that with the payers and certainly using the CMS rolling as a basis for that gives us the very good start. I dont think penetration is very deep there right now I can give you a number I think it's less than 10% in general. However a lot of those type 2 intensive patients are Medicare patients, and as we launched -- as we look at launching G6 into Medicare later in the year for example we think we have an opportunity to grow that significantly and that's a nice opportunity for us going forward in the future. I can tell you that the type 2 intensive patients on the system Quentin referred to this stickiness of our Medicare patients it's been extremely good so far so they are getting very good outcomes both to use it, so we are happy with it, it is a tremendous opportunity for us and I where we look forward to more coverage it's getting the insurance companies to pay more and spend more money is never simple.
Steven Lichtman: And then, you also talked about the positive results you are seeing from the predictive hypo alerts. When do you think we could see data aggregated and published around the benefit there?
Kevin Sayer: I believe Steve predictive hypo alert paper was presented at ATTD, so thats already add the G6 has been the patient that experienced with hypoglycemia with the predictive alert.
Operator: And the next question comes from Suraj Kalia from Northland Securities.
Suraj Kalia: Good afternoon everyone congrats on a great quarter. So lot of my questions have been asked, maybe I will just kind of lump both my questions into one. And forgive me if you all have mentioned this on the call, what are the expectations for U.S. versus OUS contribution in FY19? I would love to get some perspective on how you will see the margins for these two different buckets? And roughly speaking, the math tells me that roughly 400, a little over 400 would be OUS, the remaining would be US. Maybe you can kind of parse out for us, how we should think about this? How the gross margins for the different buckets would be? And finally the transmitter that is expected to bump up gross margins to 70% in Q4, what is the incremental gross margins contribution from this transmitter? I would love to get some color, if possible. Thank you for taking my questions.
Kevin Sayer: Sure, so in terms of U.S. versus OUS split on the full year our OUS business is expected to grow in the mid to high 30s range, which infers the U.S. business growing in the teens that the 20% or so thats about what we expected on the course of the full year. We haven't given specific gross margin data point on the U.S. are OUS business and we're not going to put that out there. And that shift honestly quarter to quarter just based upon the mix of the revenue within says OUS you got a direct marketing, you got a distributor business well. It just fluctuate based upon the mix, so we havent put those data point out there and nor we going to right now. In terms of the incremental benefit associated with the transmitter, the G6 low cost transmitter without giving you the exact specific cost differential we can tell you it's more than 50% cheaper that what the G6 existing transmitter is today. So in terms of orders of magnitude I think it is clearly a very significant benefit for us that drive the overall improvement in the gross margin in that fourth quarter timeframe we talked about.
Operator: And that concludes the question and answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much and thanks everyone for being on the call today. I actually wanted to stop the call at 52% growth and 95 million plus in incremental revenue over Q1 of last year, but we decided we would keep going. Much of the discussion around this call in recent months has focused upon two things. The pricing environment and anticipated competitive offerings in the space and I think too often we forget one thing. This market opportunity is huge, it is extremely large not only in insulin space but also in the type 2 space in the other areas were looking at all the way down to health and wellness. We continue to see people now buying our system getting a prescription because they want to manage their nutrition on the side and then and they are paying cash and using it, but seeing some very interesting things. We truly see that when CGM in multiple configurations and forms becomes a very useful tool across all healthcare and truly the standard of care in the intensive management of diabetes. With respect to pricing, our channel impaired teams are doing very well at DexCom. I talked earlier about the recent win with Cigna, we're hitting on all cylinders here and that team has gone very well. Given the size and the opportunity with respect to the competitive environment as I said earlier, we didnt expect to remain the sole voice of CGM forever. We always knew other would come, an increased awareness generated by all parties move patients to the technology the best meets their needs and that technology remains DexCom. With G6, our plan enhancements coming later this year, our next gen G7 offering in the technologies that it'll be following that. We expect to be the leader in this industry in the space for a very long time. Thank again everybody and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Release Call. My name is Adrienne and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Matt Dolan, Vice President, Corporate Development. Please go-ahead, sir.
Matt Dolan: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. We will begin our prepared remarks with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President, and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter and fiscal year. This will be followed by a review of our financials and 2019 outlook from Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. At that time, we ask the analysts to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone today. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future event, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the Investor Relations portion of our website for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you for joining us today as we discuss our year-end results. Simply put, 2018 was an incredible year for DexCom on several fronts. First and foremost, we broke through $1 billion in annual revenue. Very few, if any, medical device companies have reached the $1 billion revenue mark while growing revenues organically at greater than 40% year-over-year. Clearly, the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations, delivering growth of over 50%, compared to the same period a year-ago. The company also posted its most profitable non-GAAP fourth quarter and full-year on record as we continue to focus on growth while demonstrating leverage. Beyond the numbers, we received FDA approval for our G6 system in late March. With G6 becoming a Class II system and being the first to meet the agencies newly established special controls for iCGM. We launched G6 in the U.S. around mid-year and continue to roll it out to additional markets globally. Initial patient feedback for G6 has been outstanding. G6 has truly redefined best-in-class CGM and provide this with a platform that we believe will drive continued growth opportunities for DexCom. Beyond G6, we saw significant increases in adoption in both the Medicare and International markets, both of which remain significantly underpenetrated. We advance our inoperability in decision support initiatives, including the acquisition of TypeZero and we solidify our product pipeline by amending our agreement with Verily; and strengthen our balance sheet with a convertible note financing that we did late in the fourth quarter. All of these accomplishments have positioned us for continued success in 2019 and beyond. The team at DexCom is working incredibly hard for these achievements and I must recognize all of the effort needed to make this happen. The organization is achieving milestones that few companies every do, which is gratifying and come to a significant dedication and determination from our team, but going forward, that will not be enough. We must put the infrastructure in place for this businesses scale to its full-potential. This need in part drove the additional announcement that we made today. In light of our meaningful uptick and demand, we have set the aggressive internal goal to double our G6 production capacity by year-end. We need to expand our foot print dedicated to manufacturing within the Arizona facility, both to meet our G6 goals and in anticipation of a late 2020 launch of G7. Similar to our scaling of manufacturing capacity, we have had to rethink how we build our customer facing infrastructure to better serve our rapidly growing patient base, not just for today, but also to build a sustainable infrastructure for the future. We have therefore expanded and reorganized our customer support efforts, which includes an increase of resources on our new Philippines location, as well as outsourcing other functions through third parties. This move will provide the ability to serve our customers with the same high-level of quality that they have become accustomed to and grow in a much more efficient manner. This expansion will result in organizational changes, including a reduction in certain staff at both our San Diego and Arizona facilities, despite an expected overall increase in employee numbers in these locations this year. These types of decisions are always difficult as weve had to increase our support staff significantly over the past several years and have relied on such individuals to meet the demand of our customers. This is a necessary step to continue to adapt and further differentiate our business while maintaining our focus on the patient experience. These changes will occur during a transition period and we have taken the necessary steps to ensure that they occur seamlessly as possible while being open with our employees and supporting those impacts over the next several months. Quentin will walk you through the financial implications in this effort. To sum up, Dexcom continues to deliver strong results and our recent initiatives leave us well positioned to execute over the next several years. I will now turn the call over to Quin for financial update.
Quentin Blackford: Thank you, Kevin, as a reminder some of the figures that I will refer to on a non-GAAP basis in reconciliations to our GAAP results are available on our website. Today, we reported record worldwide revenue of $338 million for the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $221 million for the same quarter in 2017 representing growth of 53% over the same quarter a year ago on both reported and constant currency basis. A clear acceleration that drove us to $1.32 billion in revenue for the year. Sequentially, revenue was up 27% over the third quarter. This growth was driven by the sustained ramp in awareness that we saw building throughout 2018, particularly in our U.S. commercial business, which was the primary driver of the upside. Notably, this growth materialized despite a decline in revenue per patient, which was in-line with our expectations provided on the third quarter call. As a result of our continued shift and channel mix, including continued growth of the international and Medicare businesses, as well as our proactive attempt to move commercial payer contracts into the pharmacy channel, we expected to see some overall pressure on revenue per patient. Nonetheless, we realized accelerating growth throughout the back half of the year as we saw these headwinds begin to play out and delivered an outstanding 2018, and were particularly pleased with achieving 50% growth in our U.S. business in the fourth quarter. International sales in the quarter were consistent with our expectations and were up 72% of our Q4 2017 on a reported basis or 75%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate changes. Consistent with the first three quarters of the year, our fourth quarter growth continue to be driven by our direct markets. Fourth quarter gross margins improved from the third quarter as expected to 66%, resulting in a gross profit of $223 million. Operating expenses were $387 million for Q4 2018, including a $218 million one-time noncash research and development charge related to the amendment of our Verily agreement. Apart from this non-returning charge, fourth quarter operating expenses were $170 million, compared to $142 million in Q4 of 2017. This reflects an increase of 20% year-over-year and compares favorably to our 53% revenue growth in the quarter. For the full year, we realized growth of 44% for non-GAAP operating expenses, which adjust for the non-cash charge related to the amended agreement with Verily through less than half of that rate at 18%. In addition to the better than expected revenue result, this organization did a great job of controlling spend in 2018 and delivered meaningful improvements in our profitability profile. Importantly, adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the impact of share-based compensation and the non-cash research and development fee was $86.3 million or 25.5% of revenue for the fourth quarter. Demonstrating a profitability profile that this business is capable of consistently producing over time. Our non-GAAP net income was $48.9 million or $0.54 per share. Were incredibly happy with the progress being made on the profitability front and remain comfortable with the long-term financial goals laid out at our Investor Day back in December of 2018. We fortified our balance sheet having ended the quarter with nearly $1.4 billion in cash and equivalents, which includes roughly $700 million in net proceeds following our convertible note offering in share repurchase in Q4 2018. This offering provides the financial stability and flexibility we need to invest in our key strategic initiatives. We continue to have full availability of our $200 million revolving line of credit. Turning to 2019, as we provided in early January, we anticipate full-year revenues of between $1.175 billion and $1.225 billion. This outlook assumes a higher rate of patient volume growth offset by headwinds associated with the decreased revenue per patient related to shifting channel mix. As you saw in our press release and as Kevin summarized, we announced a corporate initiative earlier today that will better position us to meet the increasing demands of growth in our business. As a result, we expect to incur roughly $25 million in restructuring related charges that will primarily be incurred in the first half of 2019 and will be excluded from our non-GAAP financial results going forward. With that consideration, we anticipate the following full-year 2019 non-GAAP financial results. Gross margin improving to approximately 65%, operating margin increasing to approximately 5.5%, and adjusted EBITDA margin expanding to roughly 18%. We have included a reconciliation of GAAP versus non-GAAP results on our website, as well as a historical trend presenting non-GAAP financial results on a consistent basis for comparability purposes. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steve Pacelli: Thank you, Quentin. The continued roll-out of G6 remains a primary strategic priority for DexCom at the outset of 2019. In the U.S., we plan to begin shifting G6 to our Medicare patients in the near-term and we have multiple U.S. introductions planned for the balance of the year. 2018 was a year of great progress for our insulin delivery partners and we look forward to the launch of Tandems Control-IQ system later this year, which includes our G6 sensor platform, as well as our recently acquired Hybrid Closed Loop algorithm from TypeZero. We are excited about the continued progress we are making with Insulet on the Horizon platform, as well as Lilly as they look to bring both connected pumps and pens to market. Our smart pen and integration program with Novo Nordisk continue to advance since we announced that partnership in October. We will continue to push these and other collaborations forward in 2019 and expect to see Dexcom integrated smart pen systems that are commercially available in 2020. As many of you saw in November, we amended our collaboration agreement with Verily strengthening our product development goals and further aligning our interests as we work toward the commercialization of a fully disposable real-time CGM. This amendment eliminates all future royalty payments, significantly improving our long-term profitability outlook. Our next generation or G7 system remains on track for a late 2020 or early 2021 release. With G7 on the horizon, we continue to collaborate on pilot efforts in the non-intensive Type 2 population working with United Healthcare, Onduo, and others as they utilize CGM as a core tool in programs to drive health and economic benefits for people with Type 2 diabetes. In addition, we are on track to kick of studies this year for applications in both the hospital and gestational markets. Both of these represent new markets, in which uncontrolled glucose presents a major impediment to patient health and an economic burden to health system. While we remain in the early stages, we are well positioned to leverage G6 as a platform technology that enables us to answer key questions and determine next steps. We look forward to providing updates as these studies progress. As you can see, we continue to drive a number of importance strategic initiatives and we are excited about the pipeline and market expansion opportunities ahead. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. 2018 will stand as a year of historic milestones for DexCom and in diabetes technology in general. Our outlook for 2019 contemplates the growing awareness and the value of CGM. Our leadership position based on G6 technology, the increasingly competitive landscape, and our own proactive moves to optimize distribution channels and position Dexcom for long-term operating efficiency. Given the growing awareness of the benefits of CGM and our accelerating growth throughout 2018, we enter 2019 with excitement around the opportunity that lies ahead. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Matt?
Matt Dolan: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question with a follow-up. If you would like to ask additional questions, please requeue and we will attempt to address as many as possible in the time allotted. Operator, please provide the complete Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good evening guys, can you hear me, okay.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. No problem.
Jeff Johnson: Alright, great. Thanks for taking the call. Im sure there is going to be some revenue questions and things like that, so I was thinking I was going to be deeper in the queue, so my question is pretty simple, just if you heard anything from Medicare on any kind of updated hospital CGM use initiatives that they could be looking to put in place that you guys could participate in over the next year or two?
Steve Pacelli: Jeff, this is Steve. Nothing specifically in terms of programs, but we are aware that CMS has a particular focus on glucose control in the in-patient setting that we think will absolutely lend itself to that business evolving in the relatively near-term. Youve heard mention before of readmissions as a result of poor glucose control, not being paid for. Were seeing hyperglycemia as a new focal point for CMS and then you should expect that that would obviously trickle down into the core commercial payers as well. So, its a pretty exciting opportunity, its still yearly, but were all over it.
Jeff Johnson: And then Quentin, you know were two months into the quarter and obviously the 2019 guidance looks to a lot of us to be at least somewhat conservative here, just any kind of updates on gating and should we be thinking of kind of higher first half growth versus second half or just how we should be setting up models at this point? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. We feel good about where were at as we start into 2019 here. I think just given the tougher comps that we are up against in the back half of 2019 given the accelerating growth we saw over the course of 2018, you naturally would see lower growth rate. So, I think you should expect higher growth rates in the first half lower than the back half. In terms of the cadence, I would just point out we would expect the seasonal trends in the business to reflect more of what we saw in 2016 and 2017. 2018 was a year of tremendous acceleration and the growth profile over the course of the year, which caused the seasonality trends to look a little bit different. So, I think  thinking about 20% or so of revenue in the first quarter, which is in-line with 2016 and 2017 is probably the right way to think about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Your line is open.
Margaret Kaczor: Hi. Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just to start off with just a follow-up on the guidance question, you guys obviously delivered to 2x the original 2018 growth guidance. So, as you look at 2019 and the assumptions that you guys made, how do those defer this year relative to last year, including kind of third risk weighting as you are looking into last year relative to this year?
Quentin Blackford : I think as you go back to the beginning of last year, we laid out some of the headwinds that we anticipate it may show up in the business over the course of the year. I think when you look start to look back at that those headwinds did in fact show up, but they showed up much later in the year than what we originally anticipated. So, we were very clear early on. We expected that there could be revenue per patient headwinds in the business. We didn't start to really see those until the third quarter and then really a full quarters worth in the fourth quarter. So, I think we were contemplating all the right things as is the timing of when they started to be impactful is probably a little bit later than we originally expected. When I think about 2019, were approaching the year in a somewhat similar manner with respect to how we think about the revenue by per patient headwind that we know are in the business although whats different now is, we know they are playing out. We saw it in Q4, we expect they are going to continue to play into 2019, and so when you look at the absolute dollar growth in our guidance, were guiding to about $150 million to $200 million of absolute dollar growth, but weve been clear theres about $100 million of revenue per patient headwinds in that guidance. So, if you were to normalize back for that, youve actually got a gross increase of about $300 million over the course of the year, which is more or less right in line with what we just delivered in 2018. So, the absolute dollar growth is pretty consistent. The growth rate is coming down obviously on a much more difficult base that we're growing off of, but I think it starts to make a lot of sense when you look at it that way.
Margaret Kaczor: Okay, thats helpful. And then just kind of, I guess a little bit going on that thing as a follow-up, can you guys give us an update on the [percent-lives] that are under pharmacy rate now? I think it was about 20% last quarter, and then as you are seeing that grow as a percentage of the mix coverage, have you seen any change in terms of the patient ad mix driven by pharmacy yet and how do you expect that to ad plays out throughout 2019?
Kevin Sayer: Ill take that Margaret. This is Kevin. Our covered lives were over 50% now, slightly above that, and again let me remind you just because we have recovered lives over 50 it doesn't mean they all processed through pharmacy, most of our pharmacy plans have a dual benefit with DME and pharmacy. And its up to us to drive awareness of physicians and patients and also, they can be covered through that vehicle. We expect that to continue to accelerate over the course of the year. Weve had some very good discussions and some wins, you know at the local, regional and national peer level over the past several months and have some really exciting things untapped going into 2019. And I think as Quentin talked about earlier, channel mix, we are expecting channel mix to ship in that direction. We see a tremendous opportunity for patients as they can pick their product up in the drugstore rather than call us and go through the DME process, which is alive and well in the first quarter, were in a much better position. So, we're definitely driving and shifting the business there and encouraging our field team to do so as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Raj Denhoy: Hi, good afternoon. Wondered if I could ask about the international performance and again very strong in the quarter, are there other countries contemplated in the near term in terms of establishing reimbursement or just still mostly coming from Germany and some of the markets you're already in?
Quentin Blackford: Yes. The growth in our guidance is primarily coming from the existing countries that we are operating within. I think weve talked about the fact that we're seeing opportunities open up into countries like Japan, Korea where theres been regulatory approval more recently. We don't expect those to be big contributors to the overall revenue number in 2019 and I think we will let the product get into the market and see how it performs and then we can start to think about how it becomes additive to the overall numbers, but its all incremental opportunity as far as we're concerned when we look at into the future.
Raj Denhoy: Are there specific countries here that youve targeted here for 2019 where you expect to establish more routine reimbursement that could be larger contributors? I think in the past you mentioned UK and some other large markets that might open up?
Kevin Sayer: Were certainly making progress in the UK. We continue to make progress in Italy. There are a couple of geographies where there are large government funded CGM initiatives, where they are announcing funding over several years and expanding the available population where CGM is available. For example, many of these countries will fund CGM for [indiscernible] only and now they are saying, okay we will expand this to adults and cover more, so we will take advantage of those opportunities. They are a competitive bidding situation, and so I'm not going to go into those details and say where they are all are, but we will aggressively pursue those opportunities. We had a situation, for example, in Australia several years ago where they opened up for bid and said, they were going to cover not even 10 million in CGM, and within 60 days, we had eaten up pretty much that entire budget as patients flocked to DexCom CGM. So, we take advantage of those opportunities rapidly and well take care of the advantage of those where we can next year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman: Thank you. Hi, guys. Youve talked in the past that your discussions with payers revolve around the pharmacy of course and I think also extending into the intensive Type 2s, I want to ask about that second opportunity, how much progress are you making on getting coverage for intensive Type 2 and could that start becoming more of a revenue contributor this year?
Kevin Sayer: We think it will become more of a revenue contributor. The Medicare coverage decision has been helpful, but it takes a while to get that Medicare coverage decision pushed down to all the individual players and expand access. A lot of this is in conjunction with all of our pricing and overall access discussions as we ask our access to more patients than what is the pricing model, what is the business model for these people. And so, all of these variables are unplanned and theyve been  we've been talking to all of them. We believe we will increase our Type 2 intensive access. Id love it to be faster than it is. But in all candid with Medicare Type 2 intensive insulin access you have a very large portion of the Type 2 insulin intensive using population covered already. We just need really to increase awareness within patients and physicians that they can have access to that technology now under Medicare coverage.
Steven Lichtman: Got it. And then as a follow-up. Will we potentially get any update on the United non-intensive study in outcomes there this year?
Steve Pacelli: Again, weve said this before Steve. Its not really a  dont think of it as a study with a principle investigator and something that is going to be published into a Medical Journal. This is real world. The work were doing, not just with United, but on a number of fronts on the Type 2 non-intensive kind of Type 2 non-insulin taking patients is really real world, they have become as real world, but very reasonably large pilot studies. And frankly, the last thing you guys want to do is share their findings with the rest of the world. If these guys are all competitors and they hold this data and the programs that are evolving out of these pilots to be very proprietary. And so, I don't think you're going to see or certainly we're not going to be permitted to publish anything about the United pilot and I can't imagine United is going to be too vocal about it. So, I think the answer is probably not.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hi, good afternoon guys, thank you so much for taking the question. Just curious and I guess its more specific to Europe right now than the U.S, but any change in the competitive landscape that youre seeing? I mean, obviously its not impacting your growth trajectory. Thats the first question, specifically as it relates to the updated Abbott product? And then the follow-up question I have is, how do we think about pricing longer-term in the U.S.? So, I appreciate what you're seeing here for 2019, is it right to think that that sort of pricing headwind will repeat itself each year and get incrementally worse or is this kind of like at and were at the bottom for price increase guys? Thank you so much.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. Ill try and take that Danielle. Thats a very good question. With respect to competition, we take competition seriously all the time. While it hasn't slowed on our growth trajectory, I would say if anything our vision and our focus on the competitive environment is much greater than it has been before and as we design our products and our future pipeline, we want to take advantage of those things that we do well to continue to forward competition. With respect to pricing in the U.S., as Quentin often says, pricing by channel for us has remained relatively consistent, but as we move more business into other channels, for example the pharmacy channel and currently the Medicare channel has lower price than we recognized in the past. Were preparing as we talked in our Analyst Day over the long-term to be a viable competitor in the pricing environment whatever it turns out to be. We talked about doubling the capacity of our Arizona factory for G6. We talked about building at the G7 lines. As we look at our cost profile going forward, were preparing for whatever the market brings. We believe CGM is a very valuable technology and the fact is what weve seen in Europe so far is the reimbursement as the reason to recognize the value of our technology over others on the market and we continue to get a premium price. We will work to those models. We will work to those models in the U.S. We will grow and adapt to where it ends, but we do think our product with its accuracy, its performance, its connectivity and its features has been worthy of the premium price that we have received and so far, the payers have been amicable to that. That being said, as weve also talked about, if we can increase access and make it easier for patients to get and decrease our operating expenses through better channel mix, were all for it and we will take advantage of those opportunities as well.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. Danielle I would just add. I think, were so early in the opportunity of converting folks from traditional finger sticks to CGM that the opportunity in the way of volume growth from the adoption of CGM technology is so significant that while there is going to be revenue per patient headwinds over time, I think the volume opportunities significantly more out ways any of those headwinds, and I think as you open up some of these other markets that go beyond the intensive world of diabetes you may see a different revenue per patient profile there, but the volume numbers again are so significant that I think theres tremendous runway in front of us from a growth perspective for years to come.
Danielle Antalffy: Got it. Thank you so much guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle Rose: Great, thank you very much. Can you hear me alright?
Kevin Sayer: Yes.
Kyle Rose: Great. Just wanted to dig back into the product cadence here over the course of the next 12 months to 18 months, I mean obviously the G6 roll-out globally and in the Medicare is a priority, I think you reaffirmed the G7 timelines for late 2020 or early 2021, Im just kind of wondering is there anything that we should be expecting over the interim period there, whether it be the lower cost transmitter, you know G6 professional version, potentially getting an extended wear time on the G6, just kind of help us understand what some of the near-term of product milestone may be? And then I just have one more question on longer-term margins.
Kevin Sayer: Thats a great question and certainly a fun one for me. We always look at interim improvements of our product. If you look at everything weve ever done, every generation we launch we come with  for example with an algorithm that significantly improves performance. Not long after we launch because once we have all this data, we can really go model and figure out where it is. So, we are exploring new algorithms with our G6 technology. We are also exploring longer wear time. We have the caveat around meeting iCGM standards with our longer wear time. We got to make sure we can meet iCGM standards for that full longer period whatever that may be. We do have the lower cost transmitter that will be out certainly in broad scale during the second half of 2019. Weve got talked through the inventory they have now, but that will certainly be a cost reduction and help for us and remember, one of our key features and differentiators is the patient experience and our ability to iterate through software changes. We are really focusing tremendously on software development and offering our patients a better experience and better tools to manage their condition. Certainly not tomorrow, but as we look at the TypeZero acquisition and the tools theyve developed for decision support and offering patients information to manage our condition better, we intend to bring those tools to market. If we can get them done with G6, we will get them done and get them in there if we have to wait till G7, we will do so, but make no make no mistake about it, we want to make this patient experience more meaningful and better for them each and every day.
Kyle Rose: Thank you. And then from an operating perspective, I mean obviously taking some near-term charges to expand some of the operations internationally, but maybe Quentin can you kind of help us understand how we should think about going to a lower-cost region when youre building on some of those operational capabilities just how that should impact margins over the long term and then any CapEx guidance this year as you invested manufacturing the capacity?
Quentin Blackford: Sure. I think consistent with what we kind of talked about back at our Investor Day in December, gross margin expectations for us are to continue in that mid-60s range over the next five years or so. There is several levers that will allow us to improve that in terms of taking cost out of the product, including this lower cost transmitter that we expect later in the year, but we also assume that there is going to be lower revenue per patient headwinds that we're going to be dealing with as well. So, I think the cost savings will ultimately offset  those benefits will offset the headwinds that come from the lower revenue per patients. So, think about that as being relatively consistent with where were at now and if we can deliver or execute better than great theres upside to it. I think one of the big areas of opportunity and Kevin hit on it is really focusing on how we double about capacity over the course of the year. We see tremendous opportunities in the markets in front of us. Markets that were not yet in, but believe there is real potential to be in and we want to make sure that we have the capacity to address that. So, you're going to see some significant CapEx spend over the course of this year well north of 100 million to build out automated lines, stand up incremental clean rooms in our Mesa facility, and ensure that were building out capacity just as fast as we possibly can. So, I think thats the way to think about it. In terms of operating margin, cadence, we laid out a plan to get to 15% over a five-year horizon. Thats roughly 300 basis points a year. Were not committed to 300 basis points necessarily each and every year, but I think we're making great progress towards here in 2019 with our guidance that delivers roughly 200 basis points and thats in the midst of a year that were incredibly focused on getting G7 far down the pathway and getting that to market in late 2020, as well as the fact that we laid out this of reorganization today. And I think its important that we all understand, you know we are committed to ensuring that the patient experience is a good one through this transition, and therefore were not looking at any reduction in workforce along the way until were performing at the equivalent or better levels than where we are performing in the company today, and then resources can start to come down. And so, you got a better cost in the P& L this year that I would call duplicative just to ensure that theres a smooth transition here. Otherwise, youd see more leverage coming through the P&L this year alone. But we feel great about where we are at. We're confident we can get to that long-term plan that we laid out and feel good about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] for David. Congrats on the quarter. Just one for me and one follow-up. I have got  is there any update on the trials for the 14-day sensor for G6 and is that something we could see an approval for later this year?
Steve Pacelli: Were not going to comment specifically on the timing, but its certainly something thats in the near-term pipeline.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then the pharmacy channel. That you had 50% covered lives today, 40% last quarter, should we think about 10 percentage point increase quarterly going forward or would you expect that pace to increase over the course of the year?
Steve Pacelli: Its just not that predictable. I mean, we continue to push as hard as we can to transition the business into the pharmacy channel and remember an important thing Kevin said, that the important thing to remember is when we say we have 50% of the commercial lives that have a pharmacy benefit that doesn't mean were processing 50% of our commercial business through the pharmacy channel yet. So, its not just the addition of additional covered lives under contract it is also than transitioning those folks into the pharmacy channel through education and otherwise.
Operator: And our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America.
Travis Steed: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I had a question about iCGM. I think we can debate all day if another competitor can get better or not, but just wanted to ask on the big picture, if one of your larger competitors does get iCGM, how do you think that changes the conversation for payers, patients and patients does it have an impact on the conversation you are having with those customers?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. Ill take it. In all honesty, the iCGM designation set some wonderful standards for us to get products approved and get in through the system quicker. I don't believe as I sit here today as we bought up against our competitors in the various payer channel and payer meetings that they really know that much about what iCGM means, other than they know about the performance of DexCom's sensor. Where iCGM becomes extremely relevant is on two fronts. As I said earlier, standards for us to shoot for when we get future product iterations approved. For example, the 14-day product were talking about, we know exactly how many data points we need to have and how that product needs to perform before we file with the FDA to get that designation. We love that clarity and we intend to operate in that space. Number two, when we get into interoperability for various software systems, theres software around insulin pens, software around the sensor augmented pump systems, and sensor assisted pump systems and various AP algorithms. Then with an iCGM you can drop in a different CGM into different systems that theyre already approved. And this will give us and others if they can attain that designation, the opportunity to go partner with more people. Were evaluating that designation, we already partner with a number of people and it helps us go faster, but in all honesty, we try and help our partners go faster all the time now anyway. Where it becomes significant is when we change our technology. So, when we go to the G7 platform for example, or we go to a 14-day platform, somebody like tandem because were iCGM or Insulet when they are at on the market can immediately incorporate our iCGM technology into the system without running another clinical study just showing that the center works properly in the past. We literally sat in meetings with former partners and they choose not to integrate our technology with future offering because they don't want to try and run a filing. So, thats where the iCGM comes in. I don't know that it is a big driver on the sales side. DexCom performance has always been a driver and weve always led with that.
Travis Steed: And a question, one of your competitors is also talking about preferred co-pays, is that something youre seeing gaining traction into the payer committee at all and how important do you think that is in changing customer behavior?
Quentin Blackford: I think there is some of that that probably goes both ways quite honestly between the different competitors that are out there. I think, keep in mind there is well north of a thousand different payer policies and contracts that were all working through. There is nothing of significance that we could point to in either direction where weve been advantaged or any other competitor has been advantaged to our knowledge. So, we hear rumblings of it here or there, usually its on a very small scale. So, Im sure its out there in pockets, but nothing of significance and nothing that concerns us.
Operator: And our next question comes from J. P. McKim from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
J. P. McKim: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask, just given kind of tandem strength from days like you  now, that you are connected with that and then the income and control like you, have you seen any difference in your patient adds from MDI, pumps, any notable shift in the recent months?
Steve Pacelli: No. I think what weve been seeing, we did see a shift over the last several years where historically we had been more heavily weighted to pump users. I think, again its most anecdotal. We don't have perfect data, but it appears that we're basically tracking our patient ads to what the market represents, which is in the U.S. kind of 65%, 70% of our new patients are MDI patients and the balance are pump patients.
J. P. McKim: Okay. Thats helpful and just one on the pharmacy. You hear more and more of these walgreens in these large centers that are actually stocking the G6 in-house, and so, Im wondering how much of the, I want to say revenue contributor or how much of a strategy push that this is, is that material enough to call at this point or is it just kind of the strategy you have and you will see how it evolves going forward?
Steve Pacelli: Look, there has been no shift in our business model toward stocking distributors or no incremental contribution that would skew the results in any way from stocking type relationships or orders that would have come through. As a matter of fact, if they were significant enough and meaningful enough, youd see us call those out in our MD&A of our Qs and our Ks and thats not the case. So, we don't have any of that driving the results at this point. You go back into the fourth quarter, I think what was most encouraging is the number of new patient additions was well beyond what we had anticipated and honestly, its accelerated every single quarter of the year. So, the momentum has been tremendous there. And I think thats really the driver. There is not anything from a stocking perspective thats drove any of these results.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi, this is [Matt] in for Joanne. My question is with regards to the  expanding the capacity in Arizona, how is that going to impact gross margins in 2019 and 2020? Are you guys able to quantify that?
Kevin Sayer: What I'll lay out for you is kind of how we think about the different moving pieces. In 2019, if there is not a lot of incremental weight being put on the gross margin profile from standing up that Mesa Arizona facility it's already been stood up to a degree and we're just adding incremental capacity into there at a faster clip, but the unit production is increasing with it. So, you're absorbing all that incremental cost. So, you don't get any incremental weight put on your gross margin. What you have playing out over the course of 2019 is really you're going to get a benefit as a result of this lower cost transmitter that we've designed and will roll-out in the back of the year. That benefit though will be offset by the headwinds associated with the revenue per patient impacts as channel mix continues to shift. Not getting to far ahead out into 2020, but now you are going to have a full-year of 2020 with the benefit of the lower cost transmitter, you're going to have more full year impact of the Mesa facility, but you will continue to have some of the channel shifts as the international business grows faster, as you now have a full-year of pharmacy transitioned probably baked into the results. And again, I think the right way to think about the long-term gross margin is in that mid-60s, but you will have those different levers playing out over time.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. And then just my follow-up. One of your competitors made an announcement that theyre partnering up with Novo Nordisk, as well. Does that have any impact with your strategy with them and thank you for taking the questions?
Quentin Blackford : No. Not at all. I mean, as you know they just announced that relationship. We announced our relationship with Novo back in October. And I can tell you we've been working with Novo for far longer than that. We continue to push forward to develop software tools, robust software tools to integrate our CGM together with their intelligent insulin pen technologies that will be coming to market. So, I don't think that announcement earlier this week has any impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. This is actually [Christen] on for Robbie. Just had a question on how you think about the development of the overall CGM market. Abbott put out that they now have 1.3 million active users. I know it's been harder for you to track user numbers. But where do see overall penetration levels for Type 1 diabetics for CGM in the markets you compete in? And where do you see that moving to over the course of 2019 versus the very rapid acceleration, we saw in 2018? Thanks, and then I just have one follow-up.
Steve Pacelli: I mean, I'm not going to comment specifically on Abbott's patient numbers because I think much of that will come down to how you actually define what is an active patient using your technology. But what we've seen we contract the Abbott prescriptions here in the U.S. and kind of what we know about our patient base I think from a Type 1 perspective, we're probably pushing 30% penetration, far lower than that in the intensive and non-intensive Type 2 space. It's a little harder to track in Europe. I think Abbott has been a bit longer in Europe, so their patient install base is probably a little larger over there, but kind of hard to tell. I think we still, really the story is that we're all still in our infancy here in terms of addressable patients. So, we've got a long way to go.
Unidentified Analyst: And then my follow-up is just you know you have the launch of Control-IQ coming up midway through this year with Tandem. How should we be thinking about that launch in terms of ASP of sensors that you will sell through that system? And have you baked in any incremental sales for the launch of Control-IQ of, uptick in the business that you do with Tandem versus your other partners? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford: Yes. So, we're not going to break down the components of our guidance. Certainly, that launch is one of the many things that is anticipated in the guidance that we gave you for this year. But in terms of ASPs on the sensors there will be no change whatsoever. I mean, the way we process through either the pharmacy or DME won't change with respect to the product, at least in the relatively near term so there wouldn't be any delta there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital. Your line is open.
Ravi Misra: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. So, Quentin, just wanted to kind of get you  you have a kind of a range on revenues, but a point figure on gross margin. So, I guess, my first kind of question is, how do we think about that between the kind of bottom of the range, top of the range, any of the cadence there? And is it right to kind of think of okay, well you're taking a little bit of a haircut on the per patient revenue, but your margin year-over-year is essentially flat because of these lower cost transmitters. I mean, is that kind of a like-for-like reduction? And then my follow-up is around the restructuring. If you could just help us understand a little bit more around, give us the upfront investment that you're putting forward in the severances there. What kind of savings are you expecting there? And then how does that tie into as you look at risk to continue the tremendous growth that you have in driving? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, so there is a lot there. I'll try to hit on it and you can remind me if I don't hit on a part of it. With respect to the lower cost transmitter and how that's playing through the margins, we're only getting the back half of the benefit for that and that's kind of offsetting a full year impact of the continued transition through the pharmacy channel or towards the pharmacy channel. So, it's not a like-for-like one-for-one necessarily if it was a full-year annualized basis of all items being considered. In terms of the range on revenue and the point on the gross margin, I think we came out and said approximately 65%. I think, you'll find it's going to round into their based upon the different revenue ranges. So, we could flex a little bit but we feel pretty good it's going to right around that 65% whether it was on the low end or the high end of that range. With respect to the reorganization that we talked about today, there's going to be about $25 million of restructuring cost that we will incur this year that's primarily related to both severance and retention. Most of that's going to be incurred in the first half of the year as we work through the transition. And most of those costs are triggered when we identify the individuals impacted and we've set a date, which most of that has now happened or happened today. So, you've triggered a good part of that expense upon that communication. Therefore, it's going to happen or the expenses is going to be recorded in the first half although those people will continue to be with us over the course of some part of the year until like I mentioned earlier, we get performance metrics in line or better than what we currently run at today. So, we did not separate out any of the duplicative costs. Weve left all of those in our non-GAAP results. We're holding ourselves accountable to those to managing those well. But first and foremost is ensuring a good experience for the patients through this transition. And then we'll start to remove costs where it makes sense. We're not going to quantify exactly what that is. Were not going to quantify that benefit for 2020 at this point, but it certainly will be a nice enabler of helping us to achieve that longer-term 15% operating margin goal and 25% EBITDA margin goal weve put out there over that five-year horizon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Ronald] for Doug, thanks for taking my questions. It appears like your install base grew 50% in 2018. Is that correct? I'm looking at 2019, even factoring in the revenue per patient headwinds, the high-end of your guidance seems to imply that install base growth, decelerate the decent amount versus that 50% this year. Is that correct? And if so, why would that occur? I know it's a tough comparison, but it doesn't seem like momentum is slowing?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, we're not going to talk about the install base or the patient number. I think Steve laid out earlier the differences in how each of the different players in the market tend to look at it and everyone has got a different definition tied into it. I think the way to think about it and we've been pretty clear in our guidance, our volume assumptions in our guidance is about 25% to 30% growth. We've layered on top of that the 10 points of potential headwinds coming from revenue per patient or price headwinds that take that down to the 15% or 20%. So, our guidance from a volume perspective up 25% to 30% on yes what was much stronger in 2018, but I think you got to keep in mind a couple different things. You got a much different base that you're growing off of. It was much more difficult in 2019 growing off of 44% growth base than what 2018 was that grew off of 25% base. And you also had the G6 launch in 2018 that we don't repeat in 2019. So, there is couple reasons why it might slow a bit. I still think 25% to 30% volume growth is something we're going to be very happy with. And if you can deliver more than that then terrific. There's a lot of opportunities there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then can you talk about on Onduo's expansion plans for 2019? How broadly do you expect them to expand in the U.S.? And can you talk about how they're using DexCom CGM within their program? How often annually per patient on average? And is this only for specific high-risk patients or more broadly? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: We are not privy all of Onduo's plans. We do talk to them. Work with them. We provide them sensors. I believe they'll go as quickly as they possibly can. Their use of CGM is very much as an educational tool and something to reset the bar for people with Type 2 diabetes. Similar to other programs that we work with the Type 2 patient typically has not had any information like a CGM ever to help the manager condition their tool. He loves to exercise more and take your pills. And when you get on a CGM you can figure out well, gee, this is what exercise more does, this is what Eli Lilly different does. And this is what happens when I take my medications or when I change my medications. We believe CGM will be a critical component in all Type 2 diabetes management. There's nothing that can give a patient the information that CGM does. Absolutely nothing. And if we present it properly in a manner where patients can implement this information to make changes in their lifestyle and routines, it's going to be fantastic. The question then becomes how many a year do they use and what is the business model. And I think that's going to be worked out by a number of players through studies over time. And will be worked out by us as we look at potentially different product offerings to serve this market. We view it as a big one and we view it as something that can make a huge difference.
Operator: And our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, and thank you, guys. Maybe first question, if you can just give us an update for  on the Verily program. In loose terms, what some of the key milestones are for development this calendar year in terms of what's making your expectations that will be a great starting point.
Steve Pacelli: Yes, so Isacc, this is Steve. What you heard us talk about in the prepared remarks was G7 and committing to the time line of launching G7 by the end of next year or the first part of 2020 and that remains on track. That will be the first launch of a product that incorporates our technology together with Verily. We're not referring to it specifically as the Verily platform anymore. It's really, it's a DexCom product and we're going to call it G7 going forward. In terms of milestones we're not going to comment specifically on the  in terms of clinical trial or regulatory filings at this point, but we'll probably update you guys as the year goes on.
Isaac Ro: That's fine. Thank you. And then Quentin, a question for you on the guidance. Just given the velocity of top line growth, if we combine that with all the moving parts on the P&L from pharmacy and just funding the growth of the business. Can you help us think a little bit about the quarterly cadence of operating margin this year? Can you say that may or may not be kind of aligned with revenue seasonality? Can you just help if there's any kind of revenue to expense mismatch this year that could be a little bit non-obvious to us here in the beginning of the year? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, I think back to this whole point of ensuring that we have a smooth transition in the workforce into our Philippines and third-party service providers, we're going to be willing to run duplicative cost through the P&L for a period of time, which really starts in the first half of the year and is going to continue to be that way through the first half and then start to alleviate towards the mid part, the late part of Q3 and into Q4. So, with those headwinds I don't think that you should necessarily expect you're going to have significant improvements in operating margin year-over-year in the first half of the year, but you ought to see sequential improvements in operating margin take place over the course of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open.
Quentin Blackford: Hi Matt, are you there?
Operator: Okay. We will move on. Next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. I appreciate the sensitivity around the install base number, but you guys have also provided some new color on new patient adds in the past. And I would think at least there, definitions would be pretty consistent. Anything you're willing to share for 2018 to help us true up our models on that metric?
Quentin Blackford: I would tell you that new patient adds were the primary driver of overall growth, but very similar to the install base. I think the definition of a new patient is very different across the players in this space. We don't consider a new patient really a patient of ours until they are actually repurchasing and buying a normal purchase patterns for a period of time. I'm not sure if that's consistent across the universe. So, even how we define new patients I think is very different across the players in this space.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then Quentin, just trying to nail down the impact of the transmitter and how that flows through. Can you share anything in terms of actually quantifying the magnitude of the cost reduction on the transmitter from where you're today to what this next gen looks like?
Quentin Blackford: Yes, we haven't quantified where it can go. It's significant I'll tell you that. The problem with it is the more volume that you're able to push through the plant and the more that you're absorbing in the way of cost, the better it gets. So, we're not going to see the full benefit of it in 2019 as we get the full production capacity with it in 2020 it becomes more meaningful to us. But we're not going to identify the complete difference or the total difference in that new structure  new cost structure.
Operator: And our next question comes from [Matt Lismund] from Raymond James.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for the questions. I'm on for Jayson Bedford. My question is really about retention levels. So, are you seeing with the G6 increased complaints among user base relative to G5 and G4 and how is it here trended? And do you still kind of see room for improved retention levels going forward maybe with the G7? Thanks.
Steve Pacelli: Our retention levels we've been very pleased with what we've seen with G6 and the teams here have done a really nice job being focused on it and watching it. We have seen some improvements in our ability to retain folks although we've always done a really nice job retaining patients once they've got on to our DexCom technology. But there has been a bit of improvement there.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. The one thing I will add is our retention is largely been a factor of economic circumstances as well. And what will be interesting for us is as we map and charge G6 particularly as the majority of those patients use the phone app much more than our G5 patients before, I think we can have better pictures going forward in time as we look at what happens in the first quarter where our co-pays and deductibles reset. I think G6 anecdotally we hear everybody likes it a lot better. We still need more data. I mean with all those sales in Q4 we don't know whether those patients are coming back yet. And the biggest reason we lose a patient is money. It's not been the product performance. It's what they can afford and what they can do. Are we still there?
Unidentified Analyst: Oh, thanks, that was my only question, I'm sorry.
Operator: I'm sorry. Your next question comes from Suraj Kalia from Northland Securities.
Suraj Kalia: Sure, good afternoon everyone. So, Kevin, a lot of pointers you'll have provided and I'm trying to get my hands around it. Let's assume FY 2019 around [$1.025 billion] right revenues. Can you give us directionally in terms of what the expectation is for the pharmacy channel? And the subpart of that question is, I don't remember you guys giving us a delta between the DME and the pharmacy channel. I guess the reason I'm trying to ask is, from let's say six quarters ago to now, gross margins are down roughly 500 bps. I understand the channel mix. I understand the movement of manufacturing, how you're all trying to move OpEx line item agreed. Help us understand or reconcile how your outlook is for the pharmacy channel? And what the price delta is so that we can at least kind of put it into a model and makes sense of that. Thanks for taking my questions.
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I'll take that one. I'll go back to my old CFO days Quentin, but I won't throw a bunch of numbers out. At the end of the day, when we talk about channel mix and channel shifting and the effect on margin, average revenue per patient is not just the pharmacy channel. Again, a larger percentage of our business continues to go through foreign markets. And those foreign markets do have lower average revenue per patient per year. And as that increases, our margins in fact do come down. Medicare as we started was a lower-average revenue per year per patient based on the goods that we ship them versus other. And that was kind of a margin deterrent in the beginning. We think over time as our costs come down Medicare margins will be very good. With respect to pharmacy and DME mix, we've never disclosed that and there is no magic formula for what the difference is between DME and pharmacy. It literally varies contract. The contract and how we structure each of these arrangements. I think we can do it over time.
Quentin Blackford: Yes, Suraj, I would just add to it. The pharmacy model is a very attractive model to us. From an operating margin perspective, we're convinced we can make more profit dollars in that business than we can at the DME channel. So, we will continue to push for it hard. And while it might weigh on the gross margin a bit, it's going to ultimately be a tailwind for the operating margin. So, at the end of the day it's the right thing to be looking at and it's going to be of value creator for us over the long term.
Operator: And the next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [indiscernible] on for Matt. Sorry, I was on mute. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two quick ones. So first, what's the percentage of patients currently on G6, versus earlier generation of device? And also, can you give us more color on the feedback you received so far for your pilot activities, with if possible G6 CGM? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford: Well, I can tell you the G6 in the U.S. business, the majority of folks have moved towards G6 in our U.S. commercial business. Obviously, Medicare is still a G5 product. And then the international space we still have a lot of markets that utilize G5, but transitioning to G6. But in the U.S., it's now moved into the majority of folks on G6 in the U.S. You're going to have to repeat your second question. I didn't get it.
Unidentified Analyst: I'm sorry. So, the second question is just the feedback you've got so far from your pilot activities with your disposable G6 CGM?
Kevin Sayer: It's really very small. Nothing really to report there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final comments.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you everybody for participating in our call today. Something you may not know is this year is actually DexCom's 20th birthday anniversary. We launched our first product in 2006 and after 10 years of commercial activity we hit the $500 million mark in annual revenues. But we picked up the next $500 million in annual revenues over the last two years. We're positioning the company for the next billion dollars in revenues and beyond and I know it's going to go much faster. This is never easy, but we are fully, fully committed to having the ideal technology in our pipeline to capitalize on this massive opportunity. As you heard today much of our focus this year in addition to growing our business and pushing the product pipeline is to build the infrastructure necessary to enable us to meet those goals. We look forward to a great 2019 and want to thank everybody once again. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc. Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co. Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brandon Vazquez - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrienne and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Matt Dolan. Matt Dolan, you may begin.
Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's third quarter 2018 earnings call. Our agenda begins with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, who will provide a summary of the quarter, followed by a financial review and outlook from Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and CFO, and then a strategic update from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Following our prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. Before we dive in, I'm also pleased to announce that DexCom will be hosting an investor meeting next month on Tuesday, December 4, in Orange County, California, where we will discuss our business and long-term outlook in more detail. The event will be available via webcast. Attendance in person is by invitation only and space is limited, so please make sure to reach out to us directly with any questions. We look forward to seeing a number of you there and diving deeper into the opportunities we see ahead of us. With that, let's review our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future event, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results and the rate of growth in our revenues. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the Investor Relations portion of our website for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. Now, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you for joining us. I'm excited to report that DexCom has maintained the strong momentum that we have seen all year with third quarter sales up 45% over the same period last year on a constant currency basis. Both the U.S. and OUS businesses were solid, driven by a continued increase in awareness around the value and convenience of real-time CGM. The G6 launch has been well-received, helping to drive strong new patient additions. To give you some perspective, our U.S. commercial new patient pipeline has more than doubled as compared to this time last year, and our Medicare business continues to build nicely. Our OUS business grew faster this quarter than in any period over the last five years. Remember, of course, that the franchise was much smaller five years ago. Our investments in the international infrastructure are clearly paying off, and all of our key markets drove growth in the quarter. Now as it relates (00:04:17) to our numbers, demand continues to outpace our expectations. We have been moving aggressively to build up incremental capacity and are making meaningful investments to ramp production and service capabilities. From a cost perspective, DexCom remains committed to demonstrating leverage. Revenue growth exceeded the increase in operating expenses by more than 2 times for both the third quarter and our year-to-date results. Quentin will provide you with more detail around our financial performance and outlook in a moment. The G6 system is already available in 14 countries and we will continue to roll that globally in 2019. As part of our plans, we recently announced that CMS has approved G6 and we intend to bring this great technology to our Medicare-eligible customers in early 2019. All-in-all, we've put up a fantastic quarter. Considering the significant level of demand for DexCom CGM and the benefit of the new product cycle, we have again increased our revenue outlook. 2018 has exceeded our expectations in every way. And in G6, we have the technology that builds on our industry-leading sensor performance and truly enhances the patient experience more than anything we have ever done. But most importantly, we are only five months into the launch and seeing significant potential in this platform over the next several years. With that, I will now turn the call over to Quentin for a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Today, we reported worldwide revenue of $266.7 million for the third quarter of 2018 compared to $184.6 million for the same quarter in 2017, reflecting growth of 44% on a reported basis or 45% excluding the impact of currency, and representing the fourth quarter in a row of accelerated growth. Notably, our key indicators including growth in sensor volumes, international revenue and our global patient installed base, all drove our third quarter growth rate and a sequential quarterly increase in revenue of 10%. Notwithstanding the terrific results for the quarter and consistent with previous commentary around our guidance, we began to realize reduced revenue per patient for a few reasons. International continues to become a larger part of our business. Medicare continues to become a bigger part of the U.S. franchise and we have had success in moving some of our commercial payer contracts into the pharmacy channel. Adjusting for those headwinds, our U.S. revenues would have grown approximately 40% in the quarter versus the 34% reported. International sales were up 93% over Q3 2017 on a reported basis or 95% excluding the impact of foreign currency, and grew 22% quarter-over-quarter. International hit another high watermark as it represented 24% of worldwide sales in the quarter with all major markets nearly doubling from the prior year. Our third quarter gross profit was $168.6 million resulting in a gross margin of 63.2% in the quarter and in line with our expectations. As anticipated on our last call, the teams have been working hard to eliminate the inefficiencies of ramping production and starting new production lines, which allowed us to exit the quarter with production yields back in line with historic levels and positioning us well to see an improving gross margin in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses were $154.7 million for Q3 2018 compared to $127.5 million for Q3 2017. This reflects an increase of 21% year-over-year and compares favorably to our revenue growth of 44%. For the first nine months in the year, we have realized top line growth of 39% while operating expenses have grown at less than half of that rate at 18%. This comes even as we continue to invest in key strategic initiatives that position DexCom well for the future. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the impact of share-based compensation, foreign currency losses and $35 million of investment income, was $48.8 million or 18% of revenue for the third quarter, an improvement of 250 basis points year-over-year and 700 basis points sequentially. Our GAAP net income was $46.6 million or $0.52 per share. Adjusting to exclude the $35 million of investment income and $3 million of non-cash interest expense related to our convertible notes, non-GAAP net income was $15.1 million or $0.17 per share. Our balance sheet remains strong, having ended the quarter with $669 million in cash and equivalents and full availability of our $200 million revolving line of credit. Turning to guidance, we are increasing our annual revenue forecast by $50 million to $975 million, reflecting the reported growth of 36%, essentially 2 times our original growth outlook at the beginning of the year. As we planned at the beginning of the year and realized in the third quarter, we expect the impact of lower revenues per patient to continue into the fourth quarter. In line with our previous comments, we anticipate gross margin to rebound in the fourth quarter to approximately 65%, resulting in a gross margin of 64% for the full year. Despite the $50 million increase in our annual top line expectation, we are not revising our overall operating expense outlook and continue to expect GAAP operating expenses will increase by approximately 18% for the full year. This includes both our core operating expenses as well as investments being made for new market opportunities. As I reflect on my first full year as CFO, I could not possibly be more excited about our top line growth prospects, ever-increasing opportunities for innovation that will continue to set us apart, and importantly, our commitment to becoming more efficient in how we conduct our business. Notably, the teams are demonstrating their strong desire to manage spend appropriately, allowing us to make investments where necessary and deliver an improving profitability profile at the same time, setting up for an exciting future. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Quentin. The launch of G6 remains DexCom's primary strategic priority for the remainder of 2018 and into 2019. Beyond G6, we are thrilled to welcome TypeZero Technologies to the DexCom family, following our acquisition of the company in August. The team and the company's technology align well with our strategy. Specifically, the inControl closed-loop algorithm provides DexCom with that another critical component in an automated delivery system. We look forward to first bringing it to market with our San Diego neighbors, Tandem Diabetes. In addition, TypeZero will advance our decision support roadmap, which includes both our core intensive business and other non-intensive programs. The TypeZero acquisition was catalyzed in part by the FDA's iCGM classification for G6, which we believe will help bring a greater number of insulin delivery solutions integrated with DexCom's CGM platform to market over the next couple of years. The shift towards CGM integrated systems is advancing quickly, including both automated insulin delivery and smart pens and we are confident in the competitive position that we have developed through our collaborative strategy. In addition to Tandem, we are encouraged that Insulet and Lilly continue to progress well toward product offerings that will simplify diabetes management. And at EASD last month, Novo Nordisk announced that they have added DexCom as a partner of its connected pen offerings. Our vision for DexCom's role in insulin delivery is (00:12:33). Whether patients prefer that their insulin is delivered by pump or pen, we're ensuring that their integrated systems can be driven by DexCom's sensor technology and that their data can be presented and assessed in one complete picture. Beyond our core insulin business, we continue to explore new market opportunities that will expand DexCom's long-term growth profile. For example, many of you saw the recent 510(k) clearances we received for devices supporting our development efforts outside of our intensive business. The first clearance relates to a software application based on our core G6 sensor and algorithms and had certain features that are tailored to people with diabetes in the non-intensive population. And the second is a fully-disposable glucose recording device indicated for all people two-years and older, not exclusively people with diabetes. We believe this product is the first step in making CGM a valuable diagnostic tool across all of healthcare. This is a great example of the advantage of our Class 2 designation as we can rapidly integrate the 510(k) route, while meeting the stringent performance criteria managed by special controls. And although we are still early, we believe the G6 system is truly a platform technology and you'll see us continue to invest in these initiatives over the next few years. As you can see, we have made significant progress with our pipeline, building on the capabilities of our G6 platform and we'll begin using disposable G6 CGMs in various pilot activities in 2019 and beyond. Additionally, with respect to our product collaboration with Verily, we continue to consider options to utilize the first generation system and we've shifted significant resources to the second-generation device, which is on track for a late 2020 or early 2021 commercial release. With that, I' will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. We are very pleased with DexCom's performance through the first nine months of 2018 and continue to push the team to ramp-up G6 production to meet demand. As you can tell, we've exceeded growth expectations as CGM awareness accelerates and patients realize the clear benefits of DexCom's capabilities. With respect to our outlook, our new growth guidance is twice what we anticipated at the beginning of the year. And we are still only scratching the surface of the opportunity for CGM and remain confident in our ability to grow over time. With the number of market dynamics still in play, we will remain thoughtful in how we establish our forward expectations. To the DexCom team, what a year so far and let's finish strong. The company's leadership is incredibly grateful for everyone's hard work this year throughout the world, including our new friends at TypeZero in Charlottesville, Virginia. To wrap up, 2018 is proving to be a wonderful year thus far for DexCom and we remain in the early-stages of the launch of G6 and the growth of real-time CGM. We look forward to seeing many of you next month in our Investor Day. We would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Matt?
Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Operator, please provide the complete Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from J. P. McKim from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. Your line's open.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a really strong quarter. I wanted to actually start first with the G5 510(k) approvals that you have out there. A, as you cited now you're working on your own disposable and so if you can elaborate on that. And then maybe, two, you've had a lot of conversation with payers like incentive change in the business model. And are they open to covering this non-intensive patient population at this time or are they waiting for future clinical data? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: So this is Steve. I'll take the first part and let Kevin handle the insurance reimbursement portion. So, yeah, I mean, we've always maintained the G6 as a platform technology, right. So what you saw in the G5 510(k) approvals is nothing more than really an extension of the core G6 platform. And quite frankly, we expect to ride this platform for a number of years. As you maybe have saw (00:17:23) with it, even the transition from kind of G4, G5 into G6, it just doesn't happen overnight. So while we're still big believers in that second-generation Verily disposable, we thought it best to leverage something particularly in the iCGM world where we can integrate very rapidly off of our existing platform. We thought it was in our best interest to start learning and advancing our strategies outside of our core intensive insulin business. So with respect to insurance, I mean we've got a number of pilots in the works. You guys know about the United pilot. Kevin, why don't you...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. With respect to the non-intensive world, we do believe that payers will eventually cover that. It depends upon the form of the program and how the CGM is going to be used. I think one of the 510(k)'s that you saw approved where we have a device that can be used across all segments of the health care world, not just patients with diabetes is a good step in that and the diagnostic product as well. We do believe we will get payment for that, but that's going to take years to develop. I mean, we're several years into getting CGM reimbursed in the Type 1 and in intensive space for now. And that's going to take a while also, but we're optimistic, we're very confident it'll happen.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's helpful. And then maybe could you just give like broader base, I know you're  like where are you at in terms of your covered lives in terms of niche channels like the pharmacy versus subscription? Like are you  30% of your volume goes that way, the rest of goes to DME. Like, how long could this revenue per patient kind of be a little bit of a headwind? And are you getting more access to the volume to offset that?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, J. P., this is Quentin here. Good question. We're north of 40% of our lives, covered lives, are through the pharmacy channel now. I would say that G6 is in the majority of all of those. So we've made great progress in bringing kind of G6 into that channel, if you will, and there's a lot of benefit that comes with it. Obviously, ease of access for the patients, which we believe over time can improve utilization trends, it becomes easier for the physician to prescribe as well, which we think has implications on volume and then just generally trying to expand the coverage universe as we move into that channel also. So our view is we're starting to realize some of the revenue per patient headwind that we started to communicate at the beginning of the year. Obviously, we're navigating that quite well with the 44% growth in the quarter and we believe we can continue to do that as volume remains very strong. So highly confident in our ability to navigate through it, but we're going to see it in the fourth quarter. You'll probably see a bit of it in Q1 and Q2 of next year. Then, we start to anniversary out what we just saw in Q3 and will have seen in Q4. So that's how we think about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. Joanne, we can hear you okay. (00:20:23)
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Terrific. I have two questions. The first one has to do with the way that you've provided guidance and that you're growing at 2 times your initial growth rate. While I'm thrilled by that, don't get me wrong, where do you think it's different today than when you first set it up?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. So, Joanne, this is Quentin. Obviously, we talked about price or channel mix headwinds being roughly 5 to 10 points in that initial guidance at the beginning of the year. I think what you're seeing play out or what did play out over the course of the year is that those headwinds didn't start to hit in Q1 or Q2. They've really started here in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So those pricing channel mix headwinds weren't as significant as we originally thought. That account for a portion of it, but the vast majority, far and away, there's just no way around it is truly a volume increase in the overall business. And I think that comes back to the point we've talked about historically, which is awareness of the value of CGM is becoming more and more prevalent, people understanding it to a much greater degree. And that's really what has driven the upside over the course of the year to the majority of the extent.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. And my follow-up question has to do with Verily. Can you walk us through what are the steps to bring this to market? And if I read between the lines in your comments, you may not bring Type 1 to the market, or did I read that wrong? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Hi. This is Kevin. We continue to explore options with the first-generation product. We've always indicated that, that was never going to be a huge revenue producer for us. And in all candor, we're all hands on deck with G6 launch right now, so we're exploring options with product 1. Product 2 is a completely new platform, very similar to G6. We're not going to go into all the details regarding it. But suffice it to say, with new electronics, new insertion system, new sensors, pretty much everything, there are going to be a lot of steps, there will be a large clinical study and there are things we're working on. That project is going very well right now. And then, we are on schedule with our internal plans, but it's going to be a big move the Earth effort, similar to what we've had to do with G6.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey. This is actually Christian (00:22:42) on for Robbie. Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to start first on the OUS business, I think that was probably the biggest upward surprise in the quarter, almost double the business year-over-year on a constant currency basis. What countries are you seeing being really strong growth internationally right now? And what are the opportunities for expansion that you still have ahead of you with G6 going into 2019? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So when you look at the international business, it was really strength across the entire board. All of our major markets for the most part were double where they were at from the year before. So it wasn't any one particular market that outgrown or outpaced growth relative to the others that really drove the overall result. It was very widespread and really across all regions for that matter. So I'm very happy with what we're seeing play out in the international space. A lot of opportunity continues in front of us yet. We've gotten approval into the Japan market, same with the Korean market. Those have become significant opportunities for growth into the future. We're not yet selling into those. So those become exciting opportunities and then there's several EU countries that remain as opportunities for us as well. So I think we're still in the very early-stages of where that international business can grow. Obviously, having tremendous success and it really is widespread at this point.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks. And then maybe turning to the U.S. Given your results and the very positive results from competitors in the U.S. in the CGM space, obviously, utilization has ticked up pretty significantly. Do you have an updated estimate of where Type 1 CGM utilization stands in the U.S. and where you see that going forward? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I think you might be asking for penetration in Type 1, not utilization. When we talk about utilization, it's really utilization of sensors on a per patient basis. So it's hard to tell because we do not break numbers from  specific numbers out of Abbott or Medtronic, but we estimate that the category is somewhere in the 25% to 30% range in Type 1. Still very little penetration in intensive Type 2 and we're just getting our feet wet in non-intensive Type 2s and beyond that. So it's probably our best estimate.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, great. Good evening. So, Quentin, maybe I want to follow up first on your 40% or greater than 40% of covered lives through pharmacy at this point. We often have this Pollyannaish view that once you go to pharmacy, a doc will just have to write a script, the patient can walk out the door and go down to CVS or Walgreens and get that filled. Is that truly that 40% of U.S. commercial covered lives right now can really get CGM that easily? Are there other hurdles there? And if there are other hurdles even in pharmacy, just kind of how do you expect that to play out over the next couple years? Does it continue to get easier and easier for these patients?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's the right way to think about it. It certainly is much easier. Every payer has a little bit of a nuance to what they require, but the way you've described it there is very much in line with how we see it moving over time. And that it is the ease of access that comes through that pharmacy channel relative to DME. And that's why we think incremental volumes or even utilization trends can change for patients, which drives incremental volume over time and that becomes the attractive nature of it. And obviously, with that it becomes the opportunity to reduce the back-office overhead cost of administering a pharmacy claim versus a DME claim. So you described it accurately. That's the excitement we have around that channel and that's why we think long-term, it is a better channel for the company to be pursuing.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, Kevin or Steve, maybe just would love  we're all out there trying to talk to docs and understand the competitive environment, things like that. But as you're out there talking to your prescribers and maybe some competitive docs who are using other products, just what are you hearing out in the field with, between Libre, probably more Libre than the (00:26:56) at this point? But just is it truly only market expansion? Is there some overlap where you guys are competing aggressively head-to-head for a Libre versus a G6 patient? Just any update there would be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I'll take that one. As I've been out and about, the one perception that is very clear that these are two very different products. We are a continuous glucose monitor, which provides the continuous data feed with alerts and alarms and with a level of accuracy and standards we have to adhere to with iCGM that Libre does. The providers understand that. They understand what a patient's going to get. They understand all the features that we have. We recently, for example, reviewed some Net Promoter Scores today coming from an independent source and our G6 Net Promoter Scores were off the chart. And I would tell you just anecdotally that the feedback we're getting on G6 is unlike anything we've ever done. I made this statement on the earnings call that this is a patient experience unlike anything we've ever done before and it's absolutely true. The features we put in that system make it very, very desirable. At the end of the day, we talked about the things we need to drive more awareness and more access to get this available and get it on to more people and we continue to do that. And so what we've had great response so far in our markets, and we think we can take G6 to a number of places.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple. In terms of the reduction in revenue per patient, it's a bit of a  I don't remember you calling that out, at least quantifying it in the past. Did you see any headwinds in the second quarter or is all this tied to the G6 launch?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I think the way to think about it is, let's separate price from mix for just a second. When we look at price kind of same-store, same product or same channel, a very consistent view of it, we're actually seeing very good trends in the business. Price is holding in flat, if not even slightly up in some of the business, particularly on the sensor side. So price itself is holding in just fine. Where you're seeing pressure of the lower revenue per patient is really from a mix perspective, that the combination of international being larger as a portion of the overall business, that's Medicare growing faster than the overall business. But what we really saw in Q3 that became unique relative to other quarters was our approach to really push into the pharmacy channel and lead with G6, so where we were willing to concede some price for the G6 system in lieu of broader access or moving out of DME into pharmacy over time because we believe that ultimately incremental volumes are going to result from that, and that the volume increase will more than offset the price and we're willing to give up. So that was really a Q3 phenomenon that started to pick up we hadn't seen in the prior quarters into our guidance, we expect that to be there in Q4. So that's what we're talking about, trying to describe. It really is more of a mix issue versus pure price. Price has hung in there pretty well.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as a bit of a follow-up. Receiver growth accelerated quite a bit in the quarter. Was that a pretty clean number or was there a bit of a catch up from any type of deferred revenue? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: No catch up. I mean, just to be clear on the deferred revenue or any catch up, there was roughly $3 million in the quarter. You guys recall that in Q2, we talked about the G6 promotion program that we had. We did see $3 million come through in the quarter, but what really drove the receiver growth relative to the fact it was outpaced compared to the other categories is just really twofold. One, new patient additions are up significantly and that pipeline has more than doubled what it was the prior year. So you're seeing new patient realization come through that number. It shows up very clearly. And then, you also have folks upgrading from the G5 to the G6 program, which, again, very encouraging for us as we think into the future as they're going to stay on that G6 system ultimately translates into other product revenue for us.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America.
Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a great quarter. Wanted to follow-up on the new patient funnel. You mentioned the pipeline of new patients more than doubled. Can you maybe comment on how long it takes to convert these patients into new users? And if you look at your predictive metrics, are there any changes that would suggest that the recent momentum won't continue into 2019?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Let's stick to 2018 for today. With respect to converting these patients, we do have metrics and a lot of that varies depending upon the payer mix within that pipeline. Some of the payers require much more incentive documentation and others require a very little. And we really don't disclose that number. We have had a bit of a delay in our patient pipeline in all candor due to product availability on our side. So that has been a little slower in some cases, but by and large, referrals are coming in at a faster rate than they ever have for us, both from the payer community and from our direct to consumer advertising campaigns. People very much enjoy G6 and word is getting out there. We're hopeful that it's very strong in 2019, but we'll wait for early 2019 to give you more feedback on that.
Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's fair. And in terms of the six point headwind in the U.S., I don't know, Quentin, if you'd be willing to split that out between the impact of Medicare versus the pharmacy channel. And also, the 40% of your business is in pharmacy now. If you could give us a sense for maybe where that was at the beginning of the year, just to give us a sense for how quickly the business has been shifting? And also, as you're making headway in the pharmacy channel, could you maybe comment on margins, both gross and operating margins, in that segment of the business?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That's about six questions.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: A lot of there. Look, I'll tackle a few of those. In terms of the revenue per patient headwinds in the quarter, when we normalize that U.S. growth rate to say that reported was at 34%, excluding the revenue per patient headwind, we would have been up around 40%. That was really all the pharmacy channel headwinds for the most part. Nearly all of it was driven by that. So that was the big aspect of that. In terms of the coverage, we've seen the coverage increase. We said north of 40%. So obviously, coming into the year, we were south of there. We're seeing good progress. I think what is becoming apparent to us is that there are certainly some payers who are not going to move into pharmacy channel. They prefer to be a DME benefit and that's how we're going to continue to adjudicate it. So we know that we're not going to see that go to 100% over time, but we do expect it will continue to uptick and improve beyond the 40% that we see today. I think that address most of the questions you had in there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Ryan on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. Exciting to see the pharmacy progress you've made. Can you talk a bit more about access changes with G6, particularly for intensively managed Type 2 patients in the U.S.? Medicare coverage has been in place now for a bit, but have you seen any progress for intensively managed Type 2 patients among private payers?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Kevin. I'll take that. We have seen some increase in Type 2 intensive insulin and the patient coverage. It is up. It's certainly not all of them yet, but we have used this opportunity to get to more of those patients. So that has increased.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's great. And then, you mentioned the Novo announcement regarding connected insulin pens in your prepared remarks, but no timelines were provided regarding the decision support solutions directing (00:35:01) those Bluetooth enabled pens, driven by DexCom CGM. Is there something that could be launched in 2019, whether with Novo or other partners, or will it take a bit longer?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: We certainly hope to start running. In fact, we're running some smaller pilots studies today, but you may see some commercial activity in 2019. Certainly by 2020, we expect to start to rolling that on a broader commercial basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on a really strong quarter. Just wanted to ask Quentin about  appreciate you're not going to provide color on 2019 specifically. But given all the moving parts here, if you think about volumes versus price, what do you think is a sustainable growth rate going forward kind of longer term? And I know you're going to get into this more at the Analyst Meeting in December, but curious what you can comment on now and how to think about all of the puts and takes to the numbers.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. Look, I think we've talked a little bit, Danielle, already about the fact that we're not going to get out and provide 2019 guidance just yet, but I've given you a little bit of color already around some of the revenue per patient headwinds. And clearly, we saw it starting in Q3. We expect it to kind of accelerate a bit into Q4. And as a result, we would think that it's going to play out in Q1 and Q2 of next year and we start to anniversary in Q3 and Q4. So we think it's very navigable. We feel very good about our ability to see volumes continue to be very strong and offset those pricing pressures. And we know where the Street's at relative to their 2019 models at this point in time, sitting around the $1.125 billion. I'm not uncomfortable with that and feel good about that number, but we'll give more clarity and more specific updated guidance in the future when we're ready to talk about that in line with kind of where we have historically done that. But we feel good about where they're at this point in time.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful and just one quick follow-up. As we look at the December 4 Analyst Meeting, which I'm very excited about by the way, what can we expect to see there? So you mentioned long-term growth outlook, a little bit more color there. What about from the pipeline? I assume that's going to come into color a little bit more clearly. And then also, anything on the Type 2s and partnership with UNH there that we could expect to see at the Analyst Meeting? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're putting that agenda together right now. Suffice it to say, you'll probably hear a little bit on all those fronts. We're just getting our ducks lined up in a row and getting everything ready for presentation. But you'll certainly hear the product pipeline, you'll certainly hear our long-term view of our business that we remain very bullish and then some of the other cool things we're working on.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys. I'm flying in. Just the first question, if you can hear me, on the pharmacy channel shift, are you already at a point where you can start leveling off incremental investment in back-office functions, given the smoother nature of that process, or is that something we should potentially look for in the future?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Kevin. I'll take that. We are trying to optimize our back-office support right now. And again, while we have many, many covered lives, not 40% of everything goes through that channel right now. There's still some mix between DME and pharmacy in some of those payers. This business is not any less confusing than it was six months ago. We just feel like we're making really good progress on our major strategic initiatives here. Over time, that back-office can come down, but there's several elements to our back-office support as well. There's not only the back-office sales support for reorders, there's new customers, there's new patients, there's training, there's tech support, there's a number of areas. And we're looking to streamlining all those operations, make them more efficient, but we're also looking to make sure we take care of our patients and make sure they have a good experience with us. So we have to balance them. Over time, obviously, we would like to be more efficient, but we're just playing it out. There's nothing in our numbers that would reflect any of that at this point in time.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then, just a quick one on the pipeline. Is the 14-day label something we could potentially see over the next year? What's your latest thoughts on bringing that or going after that extension?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Kevin. I'll take that one, too. Extended wear certainly is something we are looking at. We're evaluating the performance of our current G6 system against the iCGM standards that we remain adherent to. We're very happy to play in the 510(k) world. We have to make sure we create a patient experience on the extended wear that is really superb for them. One of our biggest issues it doesn't take a lot to read is our adhesive. We have new adhesive in the pipeline that'll be coming out in the not too distant future. We wouldn't, for example, go to an extended wear until we have the new adhesive into our manufacturing processes to get better stick them on the product. And so we're evaluating that. It certainly is something we will do. It's just a question of when and what modifications we have to make in the system to go there.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Quentin, maybe just one for you and a related follow-up. I know we're not going to talk about 2019 but just taking the fourth quarter guidance, obviously, it implies kind of an implied slowdown and that's sort of been your tact (00:40:53) sort of all year. You wanted to maintain that flexibility. But since there's two months left in the year, Quentin, the only dynamics you don't understand  pricing's to be stable, you understand the Medicare headwinds, so the only dynamic in the fourth quarter seems to be greater progression of the pharmacy channel. So that six point separation, Quentin, 34% to 40%, are you expecting that to widen in the fourth quarter? And if it does wide in the fourth quarter, does it wide still into the first or second quarter or do you see that six point separation as pretty stable?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So let me  I'll just walk you through kind of how we think about that fourth quarter and the revised estimates to our guidance. So obviously, our guidance implies roughly 25% growth in the fourth quarter coming off of what is 44% in the third quarter. I think, one, you got to keep in mind that fourth quarter has witnessed this toughest comp of the entire year, and the comp alone is going to account for roughly 5 points of growth headwinds in terms of year-over-year growth. And then, we believe there's probably 10 points of price headwinds or revenue per patient headwinds coming from that pharmacy channel. So those two items together give you roughly 15 basis points of headwinds that if you took the 25% in our guidance, normalize it back to that, you're up around 40% and getting pretty comparable to where we were at in the third quarter and even the second quarter. I think the one other thing just to point out is, OUS, obviously, was a tremendous growth quarter for us in the third quarter, up 93%, very bullish on what's going on there, but also not willing to call 93% growth a trend just yet. That business has grown somewhere around 75% through the first nine months of the year. We think we'll replicate something like that in the fourth quarter. But I think you take those moving pieces that I just gave you right there, guidance in the fourth quarter starts to make a lot of sense for you.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's super, super helpful, Quentin, actually very clear, more than I was hoping for. And just a related question on profitability. So this pharmacy benefit channel has always been talked about as a significant profit driver for the business. So as I think about the third quarter, you made money, some of that was lower spending with United. But is this an inflection quarter, Quentin, with 40% pharmacy channel penetration where you build from here heading into 2019, given the success you've had in that channel?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: David, you're going to hear us talk a lot more about profitability and the path forward at the Analyst Day. I think what we're seeing right now in the business is a couple of things. One, the organization is doing a tremendous job of instilling the discipline around controls of spending and then ultimately where we invest for the greatest opportunity to drive growth into the future but those opportunities are significant. There's all kind of alternatives, market opportunities, new markets that we're not in today, that we think our technology has a tremendous opportunity to really differentiate and make a significant difference for patients. And we're going to continue to pursue those. So I think on a go-forward basis, it's all about growth for us. At the same time, it's creating the opportunity internally to make sure that the spend is going into those opportunities that give us the greatest opportunity to drive future growth. And that's how we're thinking about profitability right now is we'll drop it through, if the investment opportunities are there, but we want to fine-tune our operations internally to make sure we're investing in those things to give us the greatest chance of success in the future.
Operator: And your next question is from Brandon Vazquez. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brandon Vazquez - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a great quarter. I wanted to go back and focus on the international market. It's been obviously a really strong point for DexCom the past several quarters. Specifically, what kind of investments have you made in the channel in the last 12 to 18 months? And can you just give us an update on how big your direct presence is in the international markets and maybe which of those regions you might want to look to invest more going forward?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Look, I'll jump in for a second here, but...
Unknown Speaker: (00:44:46)
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I think you look at Germany, for example, a market that we made an acquisition of a distributor a little over a year ago, We continue to invest in building out that infrastructure and really position it for success well into the future. We're seeing great benefits as a result of that and the growth there has been phenomenal. You look at the UK, which is a direct market, seeing the same thing. So I would say we're very happy with those investments. We know the long-term opportunity of being direct in those large markets outweighs not being direct. So excited about what we're seeing there. Steve, maybe -
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I would add. We would look to be opportunistic where we see reimbursement coming into play. So, for example, our path into Korea was actually much more rapid than we expected and together with that actually came some initial reimbursement. Japan, the same thing. We entered into Japan's professional market, whether it's reimbursement for a professional-type product, but we also entered a cycle where we think over the next maybe 18 to 24 months, we would be in a position to have reimbursement for consumer use for CGM, which should line up nicely with when we expect to have a G6 launch into that market. So, certainly, all about being opportunistic before we look to go direct in these markets.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up, can I go into the G6? Can you just talk about maybe how G6 upgrades are tracking within your legacy G5 installed base? And maybe if you don't want to break out what percent of your installed base is on G6, so maybe when do you expect the majority of your G5 patients to be upgraded to G6? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Hi. This is Kevin. I'll take that. I can tell you that we have more G6 users than we have G5, and G6 sensors accounted for a larger percentage of our sensor volumes than G5 did in this quarter, but there's still quite a few G5 patients out there as transmitters have to expire and as the Medicare patients use the system. So it'll be certainly a period of time before G5 is insignificant without a business. We still have commitments in some foreign markets and with some other patients to where we are on a  we'll support it for a while, but the change is happening very rapidly.
Operator: And your next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Anthony for Raj. Maybe a question back on the pharmacy channel, just in terms of co-pay assistance. It sounds like Abbott has taken a page out of the pharma book and has a co-pay assistance program in there with Libre. I'm wondering where DexCom stands with co-pay assistance? And if it does have one in place, does it essentially walk down the co-pay to zero?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. We've had programs like that over time, Raj (sic) [Anthony] (00:47:44), and it's not unusual to have that. So we have done some things like that in the past. That isn't how we've been running it, but that has been a portion of our business before.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then, maybe at this point, can you maybe speak to the price difference that's out there in the market today with just the numerous offerings out there? And the new data point on this call, or at least one of them, was the non-intensive initiative. I know it's early days there, but can you maybe help us think about how to think of sort of the size of that opportunity and maybe timing, when that actually becomes part of the business? Thanks again.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, I mean non-intensive revenue is by no stretch material at this point. I think 2019 is probably still going to be a year of learning in terms of more frequent pilot studies and really continues to be an investment year on the non-intensive side with a hope of coming out of 2019, we have a little more defined what our go-to-market strategy is. I'm not going to actually comment on what we think and what we're thinking because we don't need to give competitors our playbook here. But it's really probably 2020 and beyond where you start seeing the non-intensive piece of the business become a little more material. I don't know what the other portion  part of the question was.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The price differential, which I'm not going to get into discussing the price differential at this point. We're still in the early stages of deciding how we approach those markets.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital. Your line is open.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions. Just want to throw out  you're guiding $975 million. And Quentin, I think you talked a little bit about channel and price mix headwinds that hit later on in the year, much later than you'd expected. How do you factor those headwinds into the fourth quarter guide  implied guide? And then second, just on kind of the European outperformance. You have a complementary technology with Tandem launching into Europe right now. Can you kind of show us any detail on what kind of attachment rates you're seeing there with their pump kind of installed and how does that compare to attachment rates in the U.S.? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So on the first part of that question, Ravi, we talked about roughly 10 points of headwinds in that fourth quarter, so you can do the math on that number, but that's really what's contemplated in our guidance there, which would be a bit of acceleration off of Q3 not because we view revenue per patient really moving any further down, but more because it's a full quarter that we've had an inflation now in the fourth quarter where the third quarter was just a partial quarter. In terms of the second question, I'll let Kevin jump in.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Kevin. I'll take that one on the Tandem side, it's certainly Tandem selling pumps in Europe and pumps integrated with G6 that's going to help us across all markets, but it isn't going to drive any of our revenues through the roof in the near-term. I mean, for example, to the extent Tandem picks up an Animas upgrade, it's highly probable that that Animas patient was already using DexCom sensors. And that's why they're using an Animas pump over in Europe. So we'll get to keep them and then we'll continue to have a great experience with our system, but we won't be picking up revenues there. We think over time, as both they and Insulet grow, those integrated systems will be very additive to our revenue base. And that's why we continue to be very supportive there and work with those two partners because they're both doing well for us. But as far as the pick-up for us in Q4, we don't see one. We want to keep going.
Operator: And our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. Maybe, Quentin, a couple questions for you on the margin side, a lot of moving parts this year with all the growth, as well as the investment. Just trying to think through where you guys are on the gross margin side as it relates to supply both for G5 and G6. Last quarter, you guys were in a hurry to catch up with G5 and now you're bringing on G6. So I want to get a sense from a supply standpoint where you are actually in the quarter and basically what's assumed for the rest of this calendar year?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, well, we assume 64% gross margins for the full year, which when you drop in your models, it's going to imply 65% or so in Q4, which is a 200 basis point improvement from when we've been running for the last two quarters, down in Q2 and Q3. I think we've made tremendous progress. The team has done a great job to get our production yields back in line as we exited Q3 with where we have been historically. If you recall back in the second quarter, we talked about our yields being down just from the incremental impact of trying to keep up with the higher demand than what we had assumed originally. We were bringing new lines up to meet that demand. We were ramping up in Mesa, Arizona. So those naturally created some inefficiencies, but the teams did a good job of getting that back under control and we exited the third quarter kind of in line from a yield perspective with where we want to be and feel good about the ability to deliver 65%, a nice improvement in the fourth quarter. I think the reality continues to exist though that the overall awareness of CGM that continues to grow and the volumes have surpassed our expectations, it's hard to keep up with that. The teams have done all they can to continue to keep up with it, but we're bringing more new incremental lines on faster than what we have ever anticipated. So just continuing to navigate through that create some challenges for the team, but they've done a good job thus far. And like I said in the fourth quarter, we'll be right back in the mid-60s and I think that's a right way to think about it into the future, but it's not without some challenges.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks. And then just a follow-up, on the Analyst Meeting next month, just kind of curious what we should reasonably expect for the agenda. And specifically, whether or not that'd be the right forum to talk a little bit about 2019 guidance for sales margins or otherwise? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I think there was someone else asked that question. We're still working on the agenda for the Analyst Meeting. I think we're going to  certainly, Quentin is going to go in depth a little bit longer on the financials. You'll all get to meet a couple of other people from the senior management team. I doubt we'll give any more color on 2019 guidance. We typically do that the first part of January at a conference, which is probably what we'll do again. So we'll let you know when we get closer to Analyst Day.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over for final remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you very much and thanks, everyone, for participating on our call today and for all your questions. As you can see from our continued performance, DexCom is in an amazing place. To put things in profit perspective, revenue this quarter exceeded all of 2014, which isn't that long ago. As we look into the future, the things we've done has driven our success to-date are the things that will drive our success going forward, our commitment to patients, our incredible employees and our world-leading technology. Our future efforts we discussed on the call today focus on enhancing the patient experience, building infrastructure, new algorithms, decision support, leading edge technology partnerships integration with insulin delivery systems, even simplification in distribution channels. Accurate, timely glucose information will drive everything in the future diabetes ecosystem. At the DexCom, patient experience is only going to get better and become more important going forward. We know that we've pushed our teams to the limits this year. Launching G6 significantly earlier than we had initially planned has created manufacturing, operational and customer support challenges. We did the right thing. People needed access to this amazing technology as soon as we can get it. But on top of our accelerated launch, our volume growth has significantly exceeded our actual revenue growth over the course of the year as well. We appreciate everybody's efforts this year. Thank you again. And finally, on the technology front, G6 is just the beginning. You've heard about our recent 510(k) approvals, our investment to enhance the future experience, our many strategic relationships. We have all the technology pieces necessary to take CGM everywhere it needs to go, across all of health care. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc. Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co. Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc. Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Hello and welcome to the DexCom second quarter 2018 earnings release conference. My name is Michelle and I will be your Operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Matt Dolan, Vice President of the Corporate Development. Sir, you may begin.
Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, operator and welcome to DexCom's second quarter 2018 earnings call. Our presentation today will begin with Kevin Sayer, DexCom's Chairman, President and CEO, followed by Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. We will begin with our prepared remarks and then Kevin will conclude and open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask analysts to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. I will begin with our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans, and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof, based on information currently available to DexCom, and are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the Investor Relations portion of our website for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you for joining us today. Before we jump into the quarter and our outlook, I would like to address the additional press release we issued after the close. Terry Gregg, our Executive Chairman, is retiring and our Board has appointed me to assume the role of Chairman. I am honored to expand the scope of my responsibilities to DexCom. I believe we are making this transition from a position of strength, as you can see in the results we just released. For the many analysts, investors, clinicians, patients and colleagues who know Terry, it goes without saying that he has had an immeasurable impact on both DexCom and the diabetes industry. Terry joined DexCom's Board of Directors in 2005, served as our CEO from June 2007 through January 2015, and has been our Executive Chairman since then. This transition is the final step in a vision we shared when I became President of the company in 2011. Terry and I have worked together in this industry for a long time, and this incredible chapter at DexCom is one that I would cherish forever. The company and I wish Terry and his family an enjoyable and well-deserved retirement. If Terry were here participating with us, he would undoubtedly say, enough already, get on with the quarterly report and what a quarter it was. I'm proud to say that we posted another record revenue performance with sales up 42% over the same period last year. Not only did we exceed our annual growth guidance for the second consecutive quarter but the business continues to accelerate. All of our key segments demonstrated strong year-over-year growth with U.S. and OUS revenues up 35% and 78%, respectively. From a profitability perspective, DexCom continues to demonstrate leverage, as revenue growth outpaced the increase in operating expenses by more than two times for the first half of the year. Quentin will provide you with more detail around our financial performance and outlook in a moment. As I left the American Diabetes Association Conference in Orlando late in the quarter, it was apparent that CGM awareness and acceptance is stronger than ever, and this trend is driving our growth globally. Looking ahead, we believe innovations like the DexCom G6 will continue to push CGM toward the standard of care for intensive insulin management. As many of you that attended ADA could see, we generated significant excitement around our G6 platform which was unveiled at the meeting late in the quarter. By combining market-leading performance with a leap forward in user experience, feedback on G6 has been unambiguously positive so far. As we've said in the past, G6 represents the most important and complex launch in our history, highlighted by the new applicator, improved form factor and market-leading performance, all without finger stick calibrations. We are well-positioned, and the team remains intensely focused on launching our new G6 system. Interest for DexCom CGM across both G5 and G6 has been strong to-date, and as a result, we've increased our growth outlook for 2018. However, strong demand has driven delays in processing and fulfilling orders. To our patient and physician customers, please rest assured the team is working around the clock to get product to you. Although we had originally planned for a G6 launch in the second half of the year, after the March approval we recognized the importance of the G6 offering and made the decision to get this product into customer's hands as soon as possible. This has put a strain on the organization on a number of fronts, but we expect to get ahead of this by the end of the third quarter. Reflecting on the first half of the year, we have had a fabulous six months, exceeding our growth targets while continuing to demonstrate leverage. I'm particularly impressed by our performance in light of the fact that we were only three weeks into the G6 launch during the second quarter. With that, I will now turn the call over to Quentin for a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. Today we reported worldwide revenue of $243 million for the second quarter of 2018 compared to $171 million for the same quarter in 2017, representing growth of 42% on a reported basis or 41% excluding the impact of currency, a meaningful acceleration in our growth profile as the awareness of the value of CGM continues to be understood by the diabetes community. As Kevin mentioned, this acceleration comes just as we begin to introduce G6 which only launched in the last month of the quarter. The teams have done a tremendous job and I congratulate each of them on driving outstanding results and note that each of the key growth categories we called out at the beginning of the year improved in the second quarter after what was already a very strong first quarter. U.S. revenue again accelerated growing at its fastest pace in nearly two years at 35% over the comparable quarter a year ago driven by both of our commercial and Medicare businesses. The international business increased 78% year-over-year on a reported basis or 71% excluding the impacts of currency. While all international regions performed very well, the focused efforts of our teams in our direct markets are driving the overall strength in our international results, and importantly, growth from global sensor and other revenue continue to accelerate and it was up 47% over Q2 2017, the fastest pace of growth in more than two years. Our second quarter gross profit was $154 million generating a gross margin of 63.3% compared to a gross margin of 68.9% in the same quarter last year. Gross margin experienced approximately 320 basis points of pressure from some nonrecurring expenses as we ramped production volumes more quickly than anticipated due to the extraordinary demand, including the start-up of our Mesa, Arizona facility and an earlier than anticipated G6 launch which resulted in unexpected excess and obsolete charges related to our G5 hardware. Importantly, excluding these near-term impacts, our underlying gross margin for the second quarter remained in-line with our prior expectations which contemplated some expected reduction in gross margin versus the prior-year as a result of a greater mix of revenues coming from our lower gross margin international and Medicare businesses. As presented in the tables of our press release, international revenue represented 22% of our global revenue, its highest contribution to-date and continues to be a primary area focus for us where CGM is still significantly underpenetrated. Average sensor pricing by channel continued to be consistent in the quarter. Operating expenses were $159 million for Q2 2018 compared to $131 million in Q2 2017. This reflects an increase of 21% year-over-year and compares favorably to our 42% revenue growth in the quarter. For the first half of the year, we've realized top-line growth of 36% while operating expenses have grown at less than half of that rate at 16%. This represents incremental leverage of more than 1,000 basis points versus the prior-year while at the same time we continue to invest in our strategic priorities. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the impact of share-based compensation and $43 million of investment income was $27.4 million or 11% of revenue for the second quarter. Our GAAP net income was $30 million or $0.34 per share. Adjusting to exclude the investment income previously noted and $3 million of non-cash interest expense related to our convertible notes, non-GAAP net loss was $9 million or a $0.10 loss per share. Our balance sheet remains strong having ended the quarter with $606 million in cash and equivalents and our $200 million revolving line of credit is still available. Looking to 2018, our first half performance has exceeded our expectations and we now anticipate total revenue of approximately $925 million for the year or growth of 29% versus our original and prior guidance of 15% to 20%. With this outlook, we continue to consider a number of variables in the second half including the potential impact of pricing, channel mix shifts, and competitive dynamics. For the rest of the P&L, we now anticipate a gross margin of around 64% for 2018 which now contemplates the impact of the factors I mentioned earlier. These issues will be remedied over the course of the remainder of the year, but considering the stronger demand, we've made the decision to prioritize our customers receiving product ahead of slowing production to address these inefficiencies in the near-term. Our gross margin outlook assumes the third quarter will remain under pressure from these items and rebound in the fourth quarter. We now anticipate that core operating expenses will increase by approximately 14% up from our original guidance of a 10% increase which is primarily driven by the much stronger top-line performance and the impact on the associated variable cost of the business. This excludes any additional spend associated with our non-intensive efforts. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Quentin. DexCom had a number of important strategic wins late in the quarter. We received a CE mark for G6 and we are currently formulating our OUS launch plans for the balance of the year. We're also very excited to learn that Medicare made the decision to allow patients to use their mobile devices together with their DME receivers to view and share their CGM data. This is a great win for patients and their caregivers, and we applaud CMS for understanding the importance of data sharing for real-time CGM. As you might expect, our biggest strategic priority for the balance of 2018 is the G6 launch, especially with the demand we have seen out of the gate. But beyond this all-encompassing effort, we continue to see benefits from the FDA's new iCGM classification which only DexCom G6 carries today. In fact, near the end of Q2 and just before the start of ADA, the FDA approved Tandem's predictive low glucose suspend, or PLGS system, called Basal-IQ, which uses the DexCom G6 sensor platform. This represents a great example of why the agency took the step to establish the integrated CGM category. We applaud the FDA for making this decision and approving the Tandem system within three months of our own G6 platform being approved. We have ongoing discussions with our other insulin delivery partners to capitalize on this new environment and we'll update the market when appropriate. However, the bottom line is we believe this will provide the ability for our industry to bring innovation and choice to the diabetes community more efficiently, all while maintaining the important guardrails that ensure we optimize CGM performance and patient safety. In the meantime, we are seeing good progress across our insulin delivery partners, including both automated insulin delivery systems and smart pen platforms, and remain confident that our pipeline of integrated diabetes management systems leaves us in a strong position competitively. Beyond insulin delivery, we are actively exploring new market opportunities, especially given our belief that the G6 sensor and algorithm truly represent a platform for DexCom. We continue to make meaningful progress with our fully disposable sensors. However, in light of an increasingly competitive environment, we are keeping the details of our next-generation product pipeline plans close to the vest. Our first generation Verily device is in validation and verification and the second-generation device remains on track for a late 2020, early 2021 commercial launch. Let me again remind you that the first device is intended to help us optimize the clinical and commercial rationale for these disposable devices with the goal of establishing our go-to-market strategy for the second-generation system. We look forward to bringing you more updates as we continue to make progress. And with that, I'll pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. Halfway through the year, DexCom's performance has clearly been impressive with revenue growth accelerating in the face of multiple new market dynamics. By the numbers, finger sticks still represent the global market leader in glucose management by far, but as CGM awareness grows and the advantages of real-time CGM drive better diabetes management, we have a tremendous opportunity to convert patients and lead the category to the standard of care. We have been very pleased with the initial market reaction to the DexCom G6 system. The improvements this system brings relative to prior generations are substantial and our feedback so far validates our bullish view of G6. The biggest complaint that I've received so far is when am I going to get my G6 system? We get it. DexCom's CGM technology can have a major impact on diabetes management. To our customers, we appreciate your patience as we ramp-up this great new system. With respect to our outlook, you heard from Quentin that we have increased our sales growth guidance significantly given the strength we have seen across the board through the first six months of the year. Our original 2018 revenue growth guidance called for an increase in the mid-to-upper teens, and we now expect annual growth just under 30%. Despite our success so far, we continue to execute through a growing number of variables in our marketplace. This requires us to remain thoughtful around our assumptions for market share and pricing dynamics. First, CGM is the market in health care, and therefore, an increasingly competitive one. It remains clear from our latest performance that the benefits of DexCom's real-time solution such as accuracy, performance, connectivity, and consistency are significant drivers of patient and clinician preference. Second and more specifically, G6 affords us the potential opportunity to simplify our distribution channels which can include the pharmacy channel or Medicare-type bundling arrangements. While this should drive a positive impact on our operating efficiency, it could also impact pricing. To wrap up, we're having a great 2018 and are still just getting started with bringing DexCom's real-time G6 CGM to our customers. We look forward to providing you with additional updates next quarter. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A. Matt?
Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Operator, please provide the complete Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question in the queue comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, and congrats on a really phenomenal quarter. It's great to see. Quentin, I just wanted to ask a question on the guidance, the updated guidance for the year. The revenue of $925 million, it's very specific, and so I just wanted to get a little bit more color about some of the puts and takes to that. What gives you confident that $925 million is the right number versus a range, and is the right way to think about this is that that $925 million number is implying that your  the specificity of it is implying that the growth for the year is really limited by the supply constraints that you guys have talked about on this call?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Danielle. No, I wouldn't read into it around that way. What I would say is obviously Q2 was much stronger than what we had anticipated. We like the set up going into the quarter but the $243 million of revenue was far beyond our expectations. And I think what you're seeing is that we're at the very early stages of significant awareness being captured around the value of CGM and just how quickly that penetration goes into the marketplace is yet to be seen but we're incredibly bullish around it. So what we tried to do with our guidance was contemplate those potential headwinds that we knew were out there in the back half of the year. We know we continue to work through contract discussions with the payers, some moving towards the pharmacy channel, some moving towards the subscription model, dialing in those potential headwinds so that if they end up playing out, they don't result in a downside surprise but giving us a baseline then to know that if we execute well from that then there's upside beyond the numbers. So that's really how we thought about it. That was the number we're able to dial into. We could have provided a range, but like I said the beat in Q2 was far beyond what we expected and it's really going to come down to how fast the penetration into the CGM marketplace goes, but at $925 million, we felt very good with that.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. And just one quick follow-up on the gross margin guidance. Just want to make sure that I'm clear on this. So appreciate that gross margins, ex one-time items would have been in line with prior. Is that true of the lower guidance for gross margins for 2018 as well that that lower 64% number is really just due to the pressures that you talked about in Q2?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. Q2 and then Q3, Danielle. So the way we're thinking about it is the incremental demand that's been placed on to the organization has put us in a position where we're bringing up incremental production lines faster than what we have expected. We're bringing the Mesa facility up and online, and we're hiring a lot of production workers into the organization which just bring with it some natural inefficiencies in the early stages of getting them up to speed with what we're trying to do. We expect that's going to continue to play out in Q3, and I think you'll see it rebound nicely in Q4. But if you were to exclude those incremental headwinds really driven by the demand, you would see that gross margin for the full year is still right in that guidance range that we had provided. So there's nothing else that's playing out there at all. It's just trying to work through the pressures of the higher demand and making sure we can fulfill that and in the near-term expediting product into the hands of our patients that we do think we get turned around in the fourth quarter.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the conference comes from J.P. McKim from Piper Jaffray.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to just ask one on kind of the new users you're getting from G6. Is there anything unique about them in terms of are you getting more Type 2s than you've had before, or are you getting more  now that you have Basal-IQ out there with G6, are you getting more pumpers on? Is there anything unique about the G6 kind of customers you're seeing compared to what you had in the past?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Hi. This is Kevin. I would tell you that our G6 new customers is everybody. If anything, the one thing I would tell you about the G6 product is a little bit different is, it is reaching a broader base of people. It is reaching more users who have not experienced CGM before because as they walk into their caregivers and learn about its features with no calibrations and the easy insertion and the profile, it is more attractive to a broader market of patients than what we've offered in the past. So we are seeing a broader user group but I would say it's been very well-accepted across the board.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: J. P., just as a clarification I don't think Basal-IQ has launched it, I think their guidance is it's going to launch sometime in Q3.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got you. That's helpful. And then just in terms of it sounds like your guidance contemplates you're ramping up inventory and supply, so is that the biggest bottleneck right now is just being able to supply the sensors and what gives you confidence in being able to ramp-up Mesa fast enough to hit that supply, or is that all contemplated in the guidance, and if you can ramp it quite faster that's where the upside happens from.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin. I'll take that again. As I said in my comments and our prepared remarks, we originally anticipated launching this product mid-Q3, sometime around there. We moved that launch up significantly putting a lot of stress on everybody. Our guidance contemplates that we work through building up inventories and having more quantities on hand. We've turned suppliers on, as we also said in our remarks, it's 24/7 all the time right now as far as manufacturing. We have things coming in. We had planned to ship from G5 to G6 for a little bit later in the year. We've forced that shift to go earlier putting pressure on both G5 and G6 from a manufacturing perspective, so we didn't make it easy for anybody here. But as we work through the third quarter and as we said again in our remarks, it'll take us three months to work through all this but we believe by the end of three months we'll be in very good shape.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on a great quarter. So Quentin, Q2 came in roughly like $35 million ahead of your expectations. Can you just talk about what specifically drove the upside in the quarter? Was that new patients? And then you're raising the second half by another $35 million, so just kind of walk through your assumptions in the second half, and what you're assuming in terms of competition and pricing and the various headwinds.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So I can tell you in the second quarter it was across the board. I think Kevin indicated that in his prepared remarks, and I commented on it as well. Really all key revenue factors that I think are most indicative of future growth potential and the company were up strongly over where they were at in Q1 and well beyond what we had expected. So you can think of that as new patients. You can also think of that as just further adoption within the existing customer base, and really on a global basis both in the U.S. and international. I think the thing that we've tried to contemplate in the back half of the year, that we've talked about just a little bit earlier was the fact that there are potential headwinds out there around the move towards the pharmacy-type pricing model or subscription-type model as well as some of the competitive headwinds that are out there with Libre has got the expanded label we've seen, you've got Medtronic out there with Guardian Connect. I can tell you we feel incredibly good about how we're positioned to compete against those folks, but I think we need to be mindful of the potential impact that could be out there, so we've tried to dial it into our guidance. But outside of that, we're not trying to deliver any other message other than we're very bullish on the year and where the opportunity exists within this marketplace.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I think I'd add too when we talk about competitive headwinds, when Quentin talks about move to the pharmacy and the subscription model, quite honestly, those are strategic opportunities for us. We've said, the launch of Gen 6 affords us the opportunity to be more flexible with some pricing structures and we're going to continue to explore those. We don't know the exact timing of when those might come to fruition, but we're certainly hopeful that alongside if we can move the whole business to the pharmacy that would be a great win for us, and we'd be willing to give up a little top-line price.
Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you quantify those headwinds in the second half? And then also in terms of Q3, it's usually about 8% above Q2 sequentially. How does that play out? Is that a decent level this year or does the G6 launch change that in any way?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I would tell you that we've contemplated the headwinds to be more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter. Obviously we're into the third quarter, we see how that's playing out. There is some pressure dialed into Q3 but more heavily weighted into Q4. It's about 700 basis points of headwind that we've dialed into the back half of the year in total, so that gives you a sense of just how we quantified it internally. Obviously Q2 was incredibly strong, so to look at historic seasonality and anticipate that Q3 is going to look similar in terms of sequential change off of what we believe is an incredibly strong Q2 and we're not quite ready to call that a trend just yet, I think you should expect that seasonality is going to look different in the back half of the year than what you would have seen in the past couple of years.
Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So just to follow up on the G6 conversion process, I think in the past you've talked about that being a little bit faster, expected it to be a little bit faster than G5. Now that you guys are a few months into the process, is there any update on that progress? Are we 10% of patients on G6 for example, and then are you assuming any kind of change to your prior assumptions on G6 utilization given the 10-day hard shutoff.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Margaret, we only were three weeks into the launch by the end of Q2, so we really don't have a good number to give you as to how many patients are switching over. The second quarter was largely driven by G5. As we go into Q3, we are flipping patients over at their request when they want to and we are moving rapidly. But I really don't have a good percentage to give you. We believe over time this is a technology that will replace the other one, as you said earlier, more rapidly than before, simply because it is so different from a user perspective. We haven't given dates as to when we think everybody is going to be flipped over to G6. With respect to utilization, we'll monitor that. Again, we're very early into the process and we'll see where it ends up. We don't have enough data to answer those things, those questions completely right now.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up to some of the discussion earlier on subscription contracts and pharma contracts as a private payer level, is this something that you guys are saying happen at a faster rate or are you saying more of these discussions happen right now? And is that related to the G6? And then if we look out over the second half of this year, it sounds like you're expecting more of an impact from that maybe in Q4. But how should we think about 2019 and the revenue rec impact from that there? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: One of our great policies is we don't give guidance for 2019 today, so that I won't answer. With respect to these contracts and our efforts with managed care, we've used G6 as an opportunity to get in front of people, I've even been out on a few of them myself just to gauge and to learn and see what goes on. There's still very much an educational process with payers that we have to go beyond just pricing as to what the outcomes our system offers, the protection in dangerous lows that we offer and the A1c improvement outcomes that we see in all the studies that we do that our competitors do not. So we're going through all those things. I would tell you we've been very creative and very aggressive in structures. A lot of those are pending. Some have been accepted. Some we've moved other directions. We have a goal to make this successful to everybody who wants it at a price that's reasonable for DexCom and reasonable for our company to make a profit. We're going to try several different models over the next year or so to see what is the most efficient way to get this product to our patients and we'll keep learning. If we find something that we hit on, we'll go there. We started pharmacy several years ago and we haven't got full reimbursement there yet. We do have. We've improved there. We've got some but it's not all there yet. We've improved in the DME channel somewhat with some payers, with others we haven't and it's a process. As Quentin said earlier, as we look at pricing headwinds and things like that, it would have an impact more in the fourth quarter and into 2019 than into the third and it's not impacted as this year as much as we'd originally planned when we gave our guidance, hence why we beat so much. But we have been real strong on volumes as well, so we'll just play it by ear. But we're aggressively proposing these structures to make this easier.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question in the queue comes from Jeff Johnson with Baird. Your line is open.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. I know you don't give patient add numbers, but, and this is a lot more art than it is science, but when I try to back into numbers, Quentin, would it be crazy to think about your Medicare patients sequentially, the adds in 2Q were twice what they were in 1Q, and your international patient adds might have been two to three times what they were on kind of the last few quarter average? Just trying to figure out what would have driven such a big sequential move in both those patient adds if I'm anywhere close to being right on those numbers.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, Jeff, we're not going to give any color around patient adds at this point. Obviously we've talked about moving away from that, so we're not going to give any incremental color around those kind of things. I think it's safe to say the awareness of CGM is growing meaningfully in the marketplace and you've got not only ourselves but you've got other folks out there who continue to educate on the value of it and it's being heard and you're seeing that show up through the fact that new patients are coming into realize that CGM has value. So we're not going to get into the specifics of the numbers, but absolutely new patient volumes are a big driver.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Maybe a corollary there. Were there any onetime builds or adds, Japan or anything at all that was more onetime in nature in the quarter?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: No, nothing in particular. I will tell you we ended up, we talked about the deferral potential back in Q2 or sorry, at the end of Q1 when we talked about the Q2 guidance associated with our G6 promotion program. That came in a little bit lighter than what we thought. We said that there could be $10 million of headwind and it ended up being about $5 million of headwind, so maybe you had $5 million of upside to that expectation. That played through the numbers, but obviously that doesn't explain the big beat. The bring beat is really driven by underlying volumes across all segments or all channels in the business.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Great. And just my last question just on iCGM, are you seeing any progress from a competition standpoint on getting towards iCGM designation? How long do you think you might have that advantage? It looks like the 15/15 numbers from the updated approval on Abbott probably will fall short of that designation, so just wondering what you're seeing on the competitive front with movement towards iCGM.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Just reviewing the data that was published I think on Monday on the next generation Libre, I don't think they're close clearly in the hypoglycemia range. Their performance just isn't good enough to meet the iCGM standards. So I don't, we looked at Medtronic's data on the Guardian Connect standalone, it falls a little short. So at this point, I don't think there's anybody coming.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Your line is open, sir.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions. I just have a couple here. I think Quentin, you mentioned that the G6 demand has driven delays. Is there any way to quantify the delays in terms of the impact on 2Q revenue?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: I don't know that it's necessarily delayed revenue. What we've said is it's created tremendous strain on the organization to keep up with that demand. So we're doing everything we can to bring incremental lines up from a production perspective, hiring folks into run those lines, introducing automation into the production facility, setting up our Mesa manufacturing facility. But I would say we're meeting the demand at this point in time. We're not missing opportunities, but it's putting a lot of strain on the business.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, that's fair.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: And to be clear, it's not just G6 that's driving that. The G5 demand in the second quarter is far and away what drove the outperformance.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And just maybe piggybacking on the last line of questioning, in terms of the Medicare opportunity, do you expect that the new CMS regulations around the use of a mobile phone to have an impact on demand and uptake within the Medicare population?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, I think it's just a good win for patients. We've long said that we don't think that folks in the Medicare population were deferring going on the DexCom CGM because they couldn't use their phone, but what everybody in the community was saying is this is just silly because the share feature functionality is one of the critical aspects to the technology of real-time CGM so obviously we were pleased that Medicare will allow patients to actually use that technology now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin. I've been out on the field on ride-alongs a couple times over the past few months, and I think this will help us drive more Medicare interest and more demand. I don't know how many were sitting on the fence waiting for this, but I do think the ability for us to market to this and say look, we can now share your data with those who are caregivers with you, I think it can be very powerful just like it's been for us with pediatrics. So it'll take some time, but let's see how it plays out.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Two questions. One on volumes, one on pricing. First, can you help us in international, still relatively small but impressive growth in the quarter. Can you help us break down sort of what's driving that there? Is there an uplift in reimbursement or mix or utilization? What's driving that strong growth there?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, international, as we noted, 22% of total revenue contribution in the quarter, up 78% year-over-year. One of the strongest quarters that we've seen to-date in what is still an incredibly unpenetrated or under-penetrated market opportunity. I would tell you that the strength is across the board. It's across all of Europe. It's across all of rest of the world for us, with every one of the regions really performing well. Pricing is holding steady. Utilization, I would say, is improving, but a lot of it is driven by new patient interest and just continued further adoption within those marketplaces. So it really is across the board and not any one particular geography that's driving it. It is across the regions.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on pricing, can you spend a minute and talk about what your negotiation since the G6 has been approved have been like? Are insurance plans looking at this as a total cost of therapy or versus the lowest cost therapy, or are they evaluating this more on a per-day basis in the avoidance of hypoglycemia or other hospitalization events? Maybe give us some insight into how your contract negotiations have been and how they're addressing it, and maybe give us an update into what's baked into guidance. As I remember, last quarter, it was $70 for sensors. Is that's still what's assumed in guidance? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Robbie, this is Kevin. I'll let the other guys kick in after I take a bit of this. One thing you can understand for sure is we do not have any difficulty explaining to third-party payers the difference between our product and others. Our product with no calibrations and connectivity and sharing data and the ease-of-use has a feature set that incorporates anything good that the other products do and we've got it all. So that is not difficult for us to explain with G6. I would tell you with the payers at various payer-to-payer meetings to meetings, some of them look at cost per day, some of them look per member per month, some of them look at annual therapy, and so literally, the presentations are geared towards the people that we meet with. Some quite frankly are geared towards Medicare. Here is Medicare pricing. Where do we go from here? It all depends on who we're talking to. We tailor our approach with everybody we meet with, and we'll see how these things play out over the next several months, particularly now that we have G6 approved on the market. That's another thing we'll have to remember while we're selling G6, a lot of the G6 reimbursement now is grandfathered in from a G5 contract that we had before, and in those cases, we got paid per sensor, per day. And that will change over time and that will change as we put new arrangements and new plans in front of payers. But that's how we approach it. We approach it strategically in each and every individual meeting the best way to go about it. We approach it from pharmacy channel, from DME channel, depending upon the payer and what they have an appetite for. It's a wide scale effort. Unfortunately, I'd love it not to be a shotgun approach but it is an approach where we have to address each audience the way they want to talk to us.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So when you list pricing as a potential headwind or concern in second half, it's more, you're not seeing a pricing headwind or there's no immediate concern of pricing, but given that there are other competitors out there, it's something that we should all be aware of. Is that the way to think of it?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It's something we should be aware of, and as I also said in my prepared remarks, and I believe Quentin mentioned earlier, where we have an opportunity to go to pharmacy and increase access and availability for patients. We are willing to give some price to increase volume and get the technology to more people. That's just one example. We've done the same thing with some DME plans as well. So we know there may be plans accepted that would have an effect on what we're doing and competition can drive some of that also. Both Medtronic and Abbott had talked about  Medtronic said they are going to price lower than what we've been in the past, and we all know that Libre is priced much lower than where we are. We see that market and you add another factor on to that, Medicare got approved in 2017 and that pricing is lower than where we've been in the past as well. So pricing pressures are not an if, they're a when. We're addressing it very proactively and building business models so it'll work best for us. At the end of the day, look at the numbers we just put up. They're pretty strong.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Ryan on for Doug. Thanks for taking my question. Any update on your plans to extend the wear time of G6 to 14 days, and do you still expect to run that trial this year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're working on that right now. We have several alternatives in the pipeline for going out to 14 days. iCGM is an important consideration for us. We do believe that is a very important development with the FDA, having 510(k) and the ability for us to move faster within the structure where we play. When we got the iCGM rules and the standards and the accuracy guidelines, we have to make sure our 14-day product will perform there. So we're doing work on that. I think for us right now, getting the 10-day product out to everybody and getting G6 launched is most important. We are looking at 14 days, but I don't really have an update or a timeline for you right now.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just a follow-up on the pharmacy channel and monthly bundles that you've been talking about. Can you give us a sense of what proportion of your U.S. commercial business you've already committed to deals with? Is that still a very small proportion, and is this potential headwind in the back half really conceptual at this point, if more deals are struck? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We've never broken out those percentages as to what we sell through the pharmacy and what we sell through other channels. A lot of this is very conceptual at this point in time, and we'll leave it at that.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital. Your line is open.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Very nice quarter. Good afternoon. Can I just take a second about competition? It's a little surprising to me as we go around talking with investors that there's still concern regarding the next generation Abbott product, the next generation Libre, or what may happen with other products coming on to the market. What is your experience as you go out there and you talk to people and what are the pros and cons as you position G6 now against them?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll speak. There's nothing that Libre does that we don't do better. I can leave it at that, or I can go on. With respect to the physicians...
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I'll take that for right now.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: (45:17) the physicians that we meet with, when we meet with them, G6 has so many features, with connectivity, with its performance in the high and the low range, with its consistency, with the form factor, the ease of insertion, this product is a home run for us. And so, I mean, look at how our business  and this growth this quarter was without G6. There is a very, very broad acceptance for G6 right now. I guess the other thing to remember that I think everybody else who gets very hung up about, there's a lot of patients out here that have diabetes. The world is not just going to be one CGM company, it's going to be numerous ones and there's opportunities for all of us. Our market is still very under-penetrated regardless of what Abbott does or says, or Medtronic does or says, what we do or say or what start-ups do or say. We have a lot of room to grow. This platform with G6 really gives us the opportunity to grow into areas where we haven't gone before, because it is so much easier to use, and the thought of not sticking your finger any more combined with the performance of this system really is very appealing to people. And so we're excited with what we have going on and we're not going to spend a lot of time worrying about the others.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I'll leave it at that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question in the queue comes from Anthony Petrone from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Congrats as well on a great quarter. Maybe just a little bit on something that the company spoke a bit about just as it relates to Abbott's presence. In other words, their launch of Libre has actually opened up the discussion around CGM, and I'm just wondering is any of that reflected in the numbers this quarter, was it really just the anticipation of G6, did you get more G5 users to adopt to bridge to the pathway of the G6. And then I'll have a follow-up. Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: What we can tell you is that strength in the quarter, as I mentioned earlier, was really driven by G5, and I think just the natural uptick in the awareness being created in the marketplace by having more competitors here is what's fueling that opportunity, and then obviously you have the G6 launch which creates or peaks people's interest and they start to look into it, learn more about it and it brings them our way as well. So I guess I would just leave it at that.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. And the follow-up would be just on as you look at the revised guidance into the second half, I'm just wondering there's a lot of discussion on price. It sounds like the gross margin shift was more on the manufacturing, and I just want to confirm if there's anything in gross margin guidance as it relates to price. And then, again, lastly, the t:slim X2 launch, does the revenue outlook contemplate anything from that launch as well? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll take the gross margin question on price. You may have to repeat the last question there. But from a pricing perspective, we haven't seen that play out any different than what we had originally anticipated in the broader range of 65% to 68%. In Q2, price or mix depending on what you want to call it I guess it's revenue-per-patient associated with the lower revenue per patient in the Medicare channel and the international business, that did weigh our margins year-over-year by a couple of hundred basis points, but that was in line with what we would have anticipated. Last quarter  or sorry, last year same quarter, we were at 68.9%. You take a couple of hundred basis points off of that and you're down around 66%, 67% right where we thought we would be. So price is coming together just like we anticipated, and we've dialed in the back half of the year to be relatively consistent with what we expected in that 65% to 68% range. But now you're dealing with the headwinds of the incremental demand that we are trying to ramp up the organization to be able to fulfill. So that's the only real difference in the gross margin.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Congrats again on the quarter. Just one quick question on pricing and then a follow-up on guidance. Steve or Quentin, I think I heard you say pricing in the quarter was stable. Is that inclusive of the G6 launch or exclusive of the G6 launch?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Well, the G6 launch only contributed for about three weeks, and the quarter was largely driven, as Quentin mentioned, it was largely driven by G5. This quarter was actually all about G5.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So even if G6 pricing were higher, would that necessarily move pricing up in the quarter?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Not enough to see it in the overall results yet, David.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Very helpful. And then, Quentin  or actually, one maybe, one for Kevin and one for Quentin; they're kind of related. Kevin, I think everyone is trying to figure out sort of what drove the inflection in the U.S. market this quarter. Obviously it's underlying demand, but could you help us just force rank, if I gave you sort of three options, market expansion, Medicare, or G6, how you'd force rank those in terms of impact it had on the U.S. market this quarter. And then for Quentin just looking at the back half, I think everyone looks at that number and says it looks conservative. You talked about some of the pressures in the U.S. potentially. Is there a way to think about the back half U.S. ex-U.S., some deceleration that these pressures do materialize but a more stable environment ex-U.S.? I'm just trying to think of the relative terms here as you move into the back half. Thanks so much. Great quarter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll take the easy one where I get to think about force ranking three variables. I would tell you first would be overall market expansion, second would be Medicare, and third would be G6 because you're back to Steve and Quentin's earlier comments, we only had about three weeks worth of G6 to ship and it's been our experience over time, very seldom do patients with DexCom buy our old technology because of the upgrade program and move on. If they really want the new product, our patients, to their credit, manage their money and their finances as closely as they can because this disease is not inexpensive. So if I had to rank the three, I would say overall market expansion and stickiness of our current patients combined with new patients, and I would add Medicare in the U.S. as the second driver and third would be G6. Then I'll turn the other one over to Quentin. You go ahead.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: So in terms of the back half of the year, David, I would say we feel like the international markets are quite stable, yet at the same time 78% growth that we put up in the second quarter. We're not ready to call that a trend just yet. So I think when you look at your models and I understand when you drive them to the $925 million guidance you're going to come up with the first half growth rate of 36% slowing to potentially 23% in the back half of the year. I think a couple things to keep in mind. One, the comp in the back half of the year is going to be more difficult. We started to see acceleration in the business last year, particularly in Q4, but that's about 400 basis points of a headwind if you're just trying to quantify the impact of the tougher comp, and then we've noted that there's about 700 basis points in there relative to revenue per patient or kind of (52:28) pharmacy subscription mix shift in the commercial business. So between those two, you start to work yourself back into a growth rate that's pretty comparable to the first half of the year after contemplating those headwinds. So that's how we think about it, that's how we dialed into our expectations, and to the degree that we can navigate it well, terrific we're all going to be very happy.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Kyle Rose with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions. And I echo the sentiments on the robust quarter here. I just wanted to quickly touch on market awareness and some of the DTC campaigns and activities you guys are doing. I know that you've got a number of digital but then also some TV advertisements. I just wanted to kind of see how you think about DTC as a way to drive patient awareness and your ability to throttle some of those campaigns on an intra-quarter basis particularly given we're still only in the first three to six weeks of G6. And then I have one follow-up.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, this is Kevin. I'll take that. We monitor those campaigns very closely and we've had a great deal of success with our DTC, our digital efforts and our television efforts, everything that we've tried. We monitor their effectiveness, we adjust, we move, and change our approach literally on a real-time basis. We think that's very helpful in driving new patient demand. I will tell you on the G6 front we've had significant demand from our traditional channel driven by our field sales team and their physicians, educators, and nurse practitioners. So those are our two major channels for getting patients. I would tell you that once it come from the field have a higher percentage of turning into a sale, but we have very detailed systems as far as qualifying leads that come in through our digital sources and from our TV programs to determine how strong the lead is and very, very detailed programs to call them within a very short period of time to keep their interest going. These are systems we've been building out over time, and it's been a long road for us. We're really proud of that team. They've done a really good job.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then last question, just on the non-intensive population. I know that you have the pilot program going on with UnitedHealthcare. When we were at ADA, we saw a big focus particularly on the clinical data front as far as diabetes prevention program data. I just wanted to see if you've given any thought to the non-intensive population and how you see that business model evolving say over the course of the next couple years as we think about Verily, Gen 1 starting to come in.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We give a lot of thought to that population because it's a very large market, and we believe CGM can be a very, very powerful tool there. The question for us and the things we have to develop are models to why that tool is used most efficiently. In our current structure, for example, a Type 2 non-intensive patient wearing CGM all the time at today's prices is not feasible, but it is feasible for them to have an experience whereby they wear CGM intermittently, one, two, four, six times a year to determine if those meds they're taking are working properly and to see if there are improvements we can make in overall diabetes health with respect to diet and exercise. We have UnitedHealthcare pilot. We have other pilots we're working on. We have the Verily Gen 1 product and also Verily's joint venture with Sanofi, Onduo has made a lot of progress in that area too. We speak with a number of Type 2 programs that are ongoing and one of the things we see evolving over time is with the API platform we've built. There may be in fact an opportunity for us to provide data feeds to some of these programs and develop an entire new business model that way. It's a very exciting area for us. I think the big question is the business model, what is the revenue per patient, how do we monetize our asset and our product, and how do we make it to whereby those who pay the bills can see the benefit for it, because it's not just going to be throw devices on these people. There's going to have to be returns on it. And we're excited to demonstrate that. We talk a lot about our UHC pilot. We think that will certainly demonstrate returns over time, and there are others that we think will be beneficial as well. It's going to take a while, but it is going to be a very large market for it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question in the queue comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Hi, guys. So given the accelerated demand you're seeing, are you contemplating an expansion of the sales force here, and is that factored into the OpEx guidance or is that solely higher variable expenses on the higher revs?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It's variable expenses on the higher revs across the board. There's a number of areas. We're not contemplating a field sales force increase for 2018 right now. Our field team is performing spectacularly as we are evaluating the size and structure of the field sales force as part of our 2019 planning which is going to be starting very soon and we'll see how that goes but for now we're happy with the group that we have.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then just one quick follow-up. Can you remind us on the timing of the second gen transmitter and the benefits of it?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Our next generation transmitter is literally complete electronics redesign. There will be significant cost advantage to that. I don't think we've disclosed the numbers but they will be significant and it will performance as far as its range of transmission and user experience. We think it'll be even more consistent better than what we have now. We're working really hard to get that through validation and verification, so we can launch that sometime next year. That will have a very positive impact on our business.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And the next question in the queue comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim.
Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. And congrats on the quarter, guys. Quentin, 700 basis point headwind from channel shifts seems like an awfully big number. Can you give us any help on the math you're doing there and why that scenario is a realistic possibility?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: What we said was there's potential channel shifts in there, so again, pharmacy subscription model as well as some of the competitive headwinds that could exist out there as well. So we're not going to break it down any more than that or quantify it any differently than that but that's how we got into that number.
Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. And then the average wait time for a new patient today if they want to get G6 what's that running at?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I don't have that number off the top of my head. I don't think the total average wait time is a whole lot higher than it's been before but there are times when  and you can see this online where we've had certain components when you're going to have to wait three to five-days on, for a little while and then we've had other times when you've had to wait a little bit longer. Our situation with having supply constraints has been very much more short-term than a long-term situation where we've had to say, hey, you're not getting anything for a month. It's been more of here is a few days and wait a few days on that. We're trying to manage this as close as we can and certainly keep everything at low as possible but there are wait times and it varies. It literally varies based on production and when we get goods into inventory.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Suraj Kalia with Northland Securities.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Congrats on a great quarter. Kevin, can you help me reconcile your comments about three weeks of G6 launch in the quarter? And I believe you also said there was inability to supply enough product and there was an impact, nonrecurring impact on gross margins, I don't think, so I got the number down, but can you just tie both of those together and help us understand the three weeks and why the impact, such a big impact on gross margins from G6.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, Suraj, this is Quentin. I'll jump in and take that for you. What Kevin was alluding to was G6 really was only available in the last three weeks or so of the quarter. The demand was really driven out of the G5 product lines but you can imagine as you're starting to ramp or anticipating the ramp in G6, you're starting to slowdown some of your G5 production lines at the same time you have demand going the other way. So you just have to reignite those or to bring other lines back up to meet that demand is just highly inefficient. So we're doing it to get product into the hands of the patients, which is the right thing to do, but you're doing it in a less efficient way than what you'd anticipated being able to do it had everything moved to G6 more quickly or if the demand hadn't come in as strongly as it had but we had produced a whole lot more throughput through the plants than what we had originally anticipated. So that's what's driving the inefficiency.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Fair enough. And Kevin, I was asked this question by a client and I completely confess it stumped me and never heard of this through my field checks. But maybe you can just kind of see if this is in the realm of possibility and the question was like UnitedHealthcare paired up with Medtronic as a preferred pump supplier, and Medtronic is offering risk sharing programs and I was asked specifically, can you anticipate any of the payers going down this route on the CGM side. And I confess I had no idea how to respond to that question. Love to get your thoughts on this. Thank you for taking my question.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I appreciate the question. We don't have Medtronic's balance sheet. I wish we did. With respect to risk sharing, the risk that we prevent are severe hypoglycemia and the outcomes that we generate are reduced A1cs. To the extent a payer has a very, very accurate mechanism for measuring those things, we would invite the opportunity to make those type of proposals. The other thing that we all need to be cognizant of is we certainly haven't read how those risk sharing arrangements work for other companies. With respect to being a preferred CGM provider, I know people ask for that and look for that, with our current market share if you like the T1D data that was I think near 80% from those patients and stuff, we appear to be the preferred CGM provider of patients anyway. So we'll continue to push that and being a leader here, we don't anticipate being aced out (01:03:09) there but we are not afraid to make those types of proposals ourselves. We just haven't had any that have won. Not afraid of that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in the queue comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg. Your line is open. Ravi, we cannot hear a response. Is your line muted? I'll go to the next question. Next question in the queue comes from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hello. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Quentin, just a question on what happened in the quarter and what it implies for the back half. So if I look at the growth rate sequentially, the huge acceleration, the biggest in years and at the same time the first quarter sequential growth rate from fourth quarter was actually down, right? So it was a big inflection in a short period of time. And I would appreciate a little bit more detail as to why the market wouldn't flex so much this quarter. I know there's a lot of things happening in the marketplace but it just seems like a really acute dynamic in the market.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, sequentially Q1 has always been down from Q4. I think you just naturally have that particularly with the heavy weight of our business that flows through the U.S. commercial business where insurance deductibles kind of promote that kind of behavior. So that's natural to see. You're right the sequential increase from Q2 or off of Q1 into Q2 was far beyond anything you've seen historically and I think that's part of what we're articulating here is that we're incredibly bullish on where this has the opportunity to go and just the early aspect of CGM adoption, but at the same time we're not going to call it a trend just yet. That's 90-days of experience that was far beyond our expectations and it's just put the strain on the organization, we're responding to it and we'd love to have that challenge continue to be played out in Q3 and Q4 but we're not going to call it just yet. We want to see that play out further.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Helpful. And then just a follow-up on the product. If I look at the same conversation from a product mix standpoint, you guys have mentioned that on the call here that the demand was mostly for G5, and I'm curious, it seemed to me the market or at least patients were aware that G6 was coming, it was obviously going to be a big improvement. So why would demand for G5 ramp so much sequentially if patients knew G6 was around the corner?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: It comes back to general awareness. I just think awareness in this marketplace is increasing significantly. You've got big players out here who are putting big dollars to work to advertise and create awareness around the space, and I think as we've said from day one multiple players are going to have success here. It's not going to be one player or another. All of us are going to win together, and I think that's exactly what you just saw play out in Q2.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And the question in the queue comes from Ravi Misra from Berenberg. Your line is open.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Can you hear me now?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So just to piggyback on Isaac's question there, but just curious, versus our numbers at least the sensor outperformance was pretty significant, suggesting transmitter and receiver beats while nice were not as strong as that. Just curious given that G5 and G6 is going to have some transition at some point, do you see any higher reorder rates from existing customers, particularly stocking up on sensors given that they know a fixed life is coming down the pike. And then secondly, my follow-up is, I think in the past you've referred to the Abbott Libre performance has created a patient population for you to siphon off some customers once they realize that that technology isn't as capable as yours. A little bit more color around the new patient starts. Is that still continuing and how should we think about that? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll talk to the revenue growth rates across kind of the category that you mentioned transmitters, receivers being a bit slower than what you saw on the sensor side, I think for a couple of reasons. One, in this international space it's receiver-optional for us, so you don't necessarily always see folks purchasing the receiver as they come to become a DexCom user, and that plays out in the results. We talked about this promotional program of G5 into G6. That played out in the quarter and there's still a bit of deferral that will come back in the back part of the year over the next six months at some point roughly $5 million or so that didn't come in in Q2. You normalize for that and you've got a growth rate in your transmitter business that's right back up in line close to that sensor business, which then I think you can triangulate that back to the combination of obviously a ramp in new patients coming into the business as awareness is being created in the space and continued strong utilization from your existing user base.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, and then just around the Abbott commentary? Is that awareness that they're creating there creating expanding group of patients for you to kind of siphon off from them? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You know, Ravi, we don't have exact number saying how many patients have come to us from that. We can anecdotally tell you we've heard this and we've heard this for years in Europe, particularly as you get into somebody intensively managing their diabetes, they try the Abbott technology and aren't getting the experience that they're looking for, the experience of alerts, alarms and continuous readings. So, yeah, that happens, but I can't quantify it.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, we'd like to thank everybody for listening in and participating in our call today. As you can see in our results, the diabetes community remains bullish on DexCom, and our outlook going forward is stronger than it's ever been. G6 is not just a product launch for us but it's a generational platform shift. This platform provides us with the technological foundation to take CGM across all of health care. There's no technology out there that can provide a glucose management experience that cannot be achieved through the G6 platform, only G6 does it better. That being said, rest assured, we'll never sit still. We're already driving the team to get going on our next generation systems to expand our manufacturing, transactional capacity, and provide more meaningful tools for our patients and partners all the while trying to navigate the day-to-day realities of launching our new system into this much more competitive and complex global marketplace. I want to once again recognize all the substantial efforts of multiple DexCom teams through this time and once again thanks, Terry, thank Terry for his leadership, mentorship and vision over the past 13 years. This isn't seeing a slowdown any time soon. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc. Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC J.P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc. Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Matt Dolan. Matt Dolan, you may begin.
Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, operator, and welcome to DexCom's first quarter 2018 earnings call. With us today is Kevin Sayer, DexCom's President and CEO; Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. We will begin with our prepared remarks and then open the call up for your questions. At that time, we will limit analysts to one question and one follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. I will begin with our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for, or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release and the Investor Relations portion of our website for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you for joining us. Like last time, I will provide an introduction and pass it on to Quentin for a financial review, followed by Steve who will give you an update on our key strategic initiatives. I will then conclude with my thoughts on the business and our outlook before we open up to Q&A. We are off to a great start here in 2018. First quarter revenue grew by 30% to $184 million. This growth rate sits above our anticipated 2018 range and we feel very well-positioned so far this year. Our key growth indicators, including sensor volumes, international sales, and new patient additions, all helped drive the better-than-expected top-line result. From a profitability perspective, our team, again, showed good expense control, as operating spend grew at just one-third over our top-line growth rate. In the short time since we last spoke with you about the FDA's clearance of our G6 system, the DexCom team has been sprinting to get this product out the door. The initial excitement from the field has been phenomenal. First, the elimination of fingersticks while maintaining industry-leading performance has created quite a buzz. In addition, the simplicity of the auto-applicator and an improved on-body form factor have the diabetes community excited to experience this great new technology. Our limited launch has commenced and we remain on track for a full launch ahead of this year's ADA meeting in Orlando in June. I will now turn the call over to Quentin for a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $184 million for the first quarter of 2018, compared to $142 million for the same quarter in 2017, representing growth on a worldwide basis of 30%. We are very pleased with the broad-based strength we saw in the business both in the U.S. and internationally, which grew 25% and 49%, respectively. It is clear that the momentum we saw during the fourth quarter has carried into the New Year supported in part by continued uptake among our Medicare population and the continued momentum in our international business as sequential revenue grew by 17%. Our first quarter gross profit was $119 million, generating a gross margin of 64.5%, compared to a gross margin of 66.1% in the same quarter of the prior year. When comparing our Q1 gross margin to the prior year, it was negatively impacted by three factors. First, we took an excess in obsolete inventory charge related to our prior generation receivers as we accelerate the transition to the new touch screen device we launched last year. Second, our mix continues to shift toward both OUS and Medicare where we see lower pricing. And third, we began deferring some revenue in Q1 after the G6 approval and the introduction of our upgrade program. The aggregate effect of these items totaled approximately 250 basis points of headwinds in the first quarter. As presented in the tables of our press release, our geographic revenue mix was more heavily weighted towards our OUS business, with international revenue exceeding 20% of our global sales for the first time in our history. International growth remains an important area of focus for us as CGM continues to have single-digit penetration in that region. Average sensor pricing was consistent with recent quarters, while transmitters and receivers saw some reduction, due primarily to the increased mix of revenue in our Medicare and international businesses. Operating expenses totaled $150 million for Q1 2018, compared to $135 million in Q1 2017. This reflects an increase of 11% year over year and compares very favorably to the 30% revenue growth rate posted in the quarter. As I stated on our last earnings call, DexCom has a tremendous opportunity to deliver increasing financial leverage over time and this quarter represents another strong data point in that journey. Most importantly, is that within that 11% increase in operating expenses, we continued to invest in our key strategic initiatives which included accelerated DTC marketing, international expansion, our R&D pipeline and opportunities to expand into the non-intensive markets. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the impact of share-based compensation and a $7 million non-cash investment income, was $2.5 million, or 1% of revenue for the first quarter and up from a loss of approximately $6 million, or a negative 4% margin in the prior year. This continues to demonstrate our leverage story as it positions us well to be adjusted EBITDA positive or generating positive cash earnings for every quarter this year. Our GAAP net loss was $24 million, or a $0.28 loss per share. Adjusting to exclude $7 million of non-cash investment income and $3 million of non-cash interest expense related to our convertible notes, non-GAAP net loss was $28 million, or a $0.32 loss per share. We ended the quarter with a strong and flexible balance sheet, including $534 million in cash and equivalents along with our entire $200 million revolving line of credit remaining available. Looking ahead to the balance of 2018, we are happy with our performance to-date and now anticipate total revenue of $850 million to $860 million for the year versus our prior guidance of $830 million to $850 million. For the second quarter as Kevin mentioned, patients are eager to get their hands on our new G6 platform. Consistent with our previous launch experiences, we are hearing that some physicians and patients are delaying the purchase of a new G5 transmitter to wait for G6 availability. As I mentioned earlier, we are offering an upgrade program by which customers who purchase two G5 transmitters during the upgrade window will be able to get a free G6 transmitter when available which will result in a revenue deferral. Considering the impact of the G6 launch, along with other market conditions we have discussed previously, we are comfortable with the current Street consensus revenue estimate for the second quarter. Our full-year outlook for the rest of the P&L is unchanged with gross margin expected in the mid-to-upper 60% range, and core operating expenses increasing approximately 10%. Again, this excludes any additional spend associated with our non-intensive efforts which we would identify independently. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Quentin. Since the G6 approval, we have held a number of conversations with our insulin delivery partners and are excited that the advent of integrated continuous glucose monitoring, or iCGM, could accelerate the interoperability of our sensor on a number of key platforms. Just last week, a group of industry leaders gathered with the FDA, JDRF, the Helmsley Trust and others to discuss the implications of this approval and how we can collectively push these initiatives forward. Although it is still early, we believe this new iCGM category is a major step in the right direction. Our initial read is that we may be able to consider products configurations that were previously rolled out based on the requirements surrounding a Class 3 system. More on this as we further develop the strategy. In the meantime, we believe we are very well positioned, given the progress we're seeing with multiple integrated insulin delivery partnerships. As we assess the current market landscape, we now see an opportunity to drive a steady cadence of highly competitive systems over the next few years with a potential to leapfrog currently available products. Our collective goal is to deliver a variety of integrated systems that meet the needs of our diverse target population, including platforms with smart pens and automated insulin delivery. Beyond insulin delivery, we remain enthusiastic about DexCom's opportunities in alternative markets such as the non-intensive diabetes management space, the hospital, gestational, pre-diabetes and obesity, just to name a few. Our next-generation fully-disposable CGM systems are moving ahead, and the design of these devices will allow us to leverage our technology into multiple new opportunities. Our pilot efforts in non-intensive diabetes management are ongoing, and we will have more updates as these progress into 2019. We are also evaluating other novel opportunities that remain early but exciting. The bottom-line is that we know that CGM offers significant value beyond our core intensive insulin management segment. The G6 system brings us to a level of performance and ease-of-use that will help us establish CGM as a platform for diabetes management. With that, I will pass it back to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. This is the most exciting time ever to be at DexCom. The business is performing exceptionally well, even in the face of shifting market dynamics. Not only did we see sustained strong year-over-year revenue growth, but we again demonstrated good financial leverage. As we have always said, our long-term goal is to replace fingersticks with CGM as the primary tool in glucose management across the board. In spite of our continued success and sustained growth, we still have a very long ways to go. A system like G6, which removes fingersticks and represents a significant jump in performance and ease-of-use, provides us with a platform to drive CGM toward the standard of care in the next several years. We know the diabetes community is ready for G6, and we appreciate everyone's patience as we go through the difficult steps to commercial launch. Our cross-functional team has worked very hard to get to this point. I want to take a moment to congratulate them on our progress to-date. We are very well positioned to hit our launch targets, and we believe we are on the cusp of raising the bar for the CGM category forever. We know the primary question you will all have on this call surrounds our pricing and utilization assumptions with the introduction of G6. We are not currently changing our annual revenue per patient assumptions in our internal models. With respect to pricing, although we believe G6 could be priced consistently with G5 on a labeled per-day basis, which would imply a sensor ASP increase, our guidance assumes sensor ASPs remain relatively flat between G5 and G6. We have also modeled utilization trends remaining fairly similar between the two platforms. On top of these assumptions, let us reiterate what we've been saying all along. First, it is a much more competitive environment than we have seen before and competition can impact pricing. Second, G6 gives us the opportunity to get in front of the payers to potentially improve access to DexCom CGM and we will take every advantage of that. This could include further opening up the pharmacy channel, or Medicare-type bundling packages in the commercial environment, both of which have a positive impact on our operating structure but could also impact pricing. Looking to our pipeline, the FDA's creation of the iCGM category with special controls will drive clarity into our product roadmap. We now have the ability to accelerate the delivery of future products that meet these new well-defined criteria. To reiterate from our last call, we believe the agency has set a standard that ensures the safety and effectiveness of CGM and establishes a rigorous bar for future devices that aim to use this regulatory path. In fact, as soon as these special controls were published, we had a few DexCom personnel asking if we had to meet these standards. Yes. Yes, we do. We will continue to do so and we will exceed them. On the practical side of this decision, the special controls represent a significant barrier-to-entry. For example, we will still need to run clinical trials to achieve some of our goals and new product features, such as a 14-day sensor, including our first disposable system in development, systems that include significant performance enhancements, such as improved membranes and algorithms and other new label indications. Before I wrap up, I must take a moment to thank the FDA for their leadership and partnership through this process. This will benefit people with diabetes tremendously. Also, the DexCom team should be proud of this achievement. The entire leadership group thanks you for all the long hours and effort it took to get this approval over the finish line. Now that we have celebrated that milestone, the DexCom team is already back working hard to get G6 out the door. We sincerely appreciate the effort we are seeing from our employees. In conclusion, we have had a very strong start to 2018, and are pleased to see continued significant demand for DexCom's real-time CGM offering. We look forward to providing you with additional updates next quarter. I would now like to open up the call for Q&A. Matt?
Matthew Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Operator, please provide the complete Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. And the first question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, everything is great.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Kevin, so I agree with you, we're all trying to figure out utilization and pricing for G6, but I kind of want to step back and look at your comments on the 1Q for G5 that sensor pricing was stable, sensor volumes contributed to your growth. I'm wondering what you can say that the implications are of that from a competitive standpoint, again just kind of especially on your U.S. commercial business and what kind of impact the competition is having on your U.S. commercial business at this point.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Certainly, in our U.S. business things were very robust this quarter. We certainly met our expectations as is supported by the numbers. And with respect to competition in the U.S., our new patient numbers, we met them. We hit our new patient goals. And, on top of that, we saw continued usage of our sensors by our current patients. So we did not see anything out of the ordinary with respect to patient attrition. Now, balance that with the fact that the first quarter is always the least predictable because of patients' copays and deductibles and everything resetting. But, all that being said, we've not been impacted in the markets where we participate by competition. If anything, we have heard numerous stories of patients who try competitors' products and switch over versus patients who try ours and switch over to theirs. So, no, first quarter was very good commercially in U.S. No problems.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Great. Thanks. And, Quentin, maybe for my follow-up, I just want to ask a gross margin question. So you broke out the three factors that contributed 250 basis points on a combined basis. The mix to OUS and CMS, I think we've all been trying to model that. So that I would say at least in our model was somewhat embedded. The obsolescence charge and the deferral of revenue out of 1Q into I'm assuming future quarters, any further detail you can provide on how much of that 250 basis points those two factors had? And should we see those more be transient and come out of the model over the next couple quarters? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, good question, Jeff. And E&O was far and away the vast majority of the 250 basis points that I laid out for you guys and was trying to reconcile in. And really that reconciliation was year over year, not necessarily relative to your models. And you're right, the mix in OUS and Medicare is something you would have already had in your model. So it's more of a year-over-year mix shift that we were talking about. What we're seeing with respect to the excess and obsolete charge that we took is that the teams here have done an incredible job of trying to improve upon the quality of our receiver, issues that we had in the past. And we rolled out a new receiver last year, and we're seeing meaningful reductions in the warranty rates on that new receiver, but we still had a good amount of the old receiver in inventory. And what we've done is essentially accelerated our plans and moved towards the new receiver. So what you will see over the course of the year is a reduced warranty cost that does benefit margin. But to your point, we ended up seeing the headwind in the first quarter, as we took that excess and obsolete charge. So over the course of the year, this will actually turn around and be a benefit for us, but it was something we had to get behind us. And so yes, we took it in the first quarter. But that's the vast majority of the 250 basis points.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. First one for me is following up on your commentary regarding the G6 contracts. Any clarity that you guys can give us in terms of what stage you're at and timing of that? And how many of those have really been on pharmacy? Has the reception been maybe better with G6 at the payer level for pharmacy than it has in the past?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: So Margaret, this is Steve. I'll take that. We're still very, very early in the process, which is frankly why we're remaining conservative when we're building our guidance and assuming basically static sensor pricing, right? So if we have an ASP on Gen 5 of around $70 a sensor, for modeling and for guidance purposes we're going to maintain that. We've had some early successes in a few places where we have direct-to-commercial contracts where, as Kevin mentioned, the labeled price per day for a 7-day sensor for a G5 has translated into something higher on the label basis for G6. But it's very, very early. I would say the same is true on the pharmacy side, that we're just too early to give you any signals as to whether this is going to advance our efforts in the pharmacy. We hope so, but kind of early to tell.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, I'd just add to that, Margaret. We've already filed with CMS for Medicare, so that should come sometime in the fall. And we'll be able to move those patients over, but that pricing isn't going to change from G5 to G6. And I'll go back to what we said in our prepared remarks, we're going to take this opportunity with the new product to try and expand access and get to more patients. And to the extent we can make it easier for the payers and easier for us to manage this, we'll certainly entertain interesting pricing models and interesting business models, like we've done in Europe.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. And then as a follow up to some of the commentary I think Steve had on new integrated solutions, can you give us any clarity for what you may have ruled out before that now is back on the table? And why is it back on the table? Is it because someone else is coming up to you guys asking for that? Or some of the discussions from JDRF, et cetera? Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: So I thought you said Nasdaq. What? Can you -?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: If we've ruled anything out. Have we ruled anything out?
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, things that were ruled out that maybe are back on the table right now.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No, just, I mean there're certain product configurations that living in a Class 3 world may not have made sense, because in the Class 3 world they might have taken 9 to 12 months for a review cycle, that that review cycle can be expedited. But I would say if anything, there are some things we're looking at, we're looking at on the software side, integrations with partners on the software side, et cetera, that may actually be put back on the table. So much like the payer process though, discussions with partners and product plans are still evolving, because the G6 approval was just so recent.
Operator: And our next question comes from J.P. McKim from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
J.P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to first touch just broadly on guidance and then just one on pricing as well. Given the two good quarters you put up for Q4 and Q1 this year, obviously growing 30% and just the back half of the year is a little slower than that. So I just want to  how should we interpret that? Is that more of just there's a lot of moving pieces? You want to remain conservative? Or is it that the G6 has caused a delay in Q2 that you need to counter for? I mean, how should we just interpret the implied back half growth rates?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Sure, it's a good question. This is Quentin here. I think a couple things to keep in mind, and these are consistent with what we've been talking about as we came into the year. Certainly, we have pricing considerations that we're trying to dial into that guidance. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves here. If we're able to navigate those well then I think we'd contemplate them effectively in the forward-looking Q3 and Q4 timeframe and hopefully they don't (00:24:18) materialize. There's upside to that number. But we're not going to get ahead of ourselves at this point. At the same time, we've got some stiff competition that's out there. And so we're contemplating that as well. The competitive landscape continues to evolves and as we navigate it, we're very confident in our ability to execute well but we want to be mindful of it. So again, just not getting ahead of ourselves. I would tell you on Q2, we basically reaffirmed where the Street's at, at this point in time, and I think the thing to keep in mind there is there is this aspect of needing to defer some of the revenue as folks wait for the G6 device to come out. We have folks who are currently buying the G5 transmitter. We're going to upgrade them free of charge which does result in a deferral within the quarter. And so that's going to weigh on the revenue number in the quarter and that's why if you look at sequential revenue trends, you may not be able to make sense of Q2, but you've got to keep that in mind. So I think if you adjust for that then your numbers will make sense, your modeling will make sense. But those are going to be the things that we certainly considered as we looked at Q2, Q3 and Q4.
J.P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's helpful and then just one on pricing is when you made the decision to kind of keep the flat sensor price, is that something that you're taking to the payers, hey, you know, we're saving you money, and we've got a better system? Or was it the payers are pushing a little back harder on price? And then, Kevin, just broadly, when you think about expanding the label to 14-day wear, is that part of your strategy just to bring pricing down over time as you get the 14-day and then you keep it around the same price as well? Is that kind of a gradual way to bring down cost and increase penetration?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So this is Steve. Just to be clear, we didn't say that we've made the decision to bring sensor pricing down. What we said is for purposes of our guidance and our internal modeling, we're assuming that average revenue per patient per year remains static. What we said in Kevin's remarks, there is some upside to the extent as we go back to the payers and negotiate the Gen 6 pricing and contracts that if we maintain a per day pricing similar to G5, that we get a slight uptick. But it's also critically important to remember that we might use, and we've said this, I've said this at conferences for probably years now, that we would use that  some of that potential upside, certainly, if we can negotiate with the payers a little bit lower price per day in exchange for improved access, improved access in the pharmacy, improved access, as Kevin mentioned, for potential bundled solutions, adding intensive type 2s to a bundle or to our coverage universe. So there's a lot of moving parts here, but it wouldn't be accurate to say that we've made the decision to just arbitrarily lower our price down to a Gen 5 pricing. That's not what we're saying.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: What we've said is we've modeled that as we worked through all this. What I'd add on the 14-day sensor, and we're shooting for 14-day sensors and we've done that for a long time, that's something that we've heard from patients for a long time, that they would like to wear fewer sensors. That plays into lower cost model, certainly. We have to really evaluate what that does on the revenue side, and the cost side. I can give you a perfect example of two things we have to consider. Number one, we have to consider the special controls that have now been put out by the FDA as to how the system performs. And while we're confident in our system that 14 days will perform well enough, we haven't run the study yet and we need to see how the data looks. We're very comfortable with where we are with 10. We will need to run a study at the 14 days. But number two, just a very simple thing to consider is, for example, DexCom is really helpful to patients with respect to warranty. If that sensor falls off at day four, we've shipped you a new one every time. Are we going to ship a new one at day 12? I've never  I've worn a lot of sensors. I've never had anything last 14 days on my old body, so I don't know how that works yet and we have to model that out. Certainly, when we develop new products and embark in a program, we have four pillars within our development team. And the first one is performance. We will never compromise sensor performance. The second one is convenience, and you can see what we've done with G6 as you talk to people when they use it. And the third one is cost, and G6 ultimately will cost less for us to manufacture than G5 and not just because of the 10-day life versus the 7. So we consider all those things as we go forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And congrats on the really good quarter. Quentin, maybe I could start with the guidance question. When you gave 2018 guidance and the first quarter guidance on the fourth quarter call, it was for $166 million to $170 million. You ended up doing almost $20 million better than that. So as you look at the rest of the year, it's factoring in for the back half 15% growth. Is that sort of the way you want people to think of your exit rate into 2019? Or is that more a conservative nature ahead of one of the biggest product launches and you just  that you don't want people to read too much into it going into 2019 from that?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, and I think it's more the latter at this point in time. We're very early in the stages of what is the biggest launch in the history of our company. In the midst of an environment that certainly, pricing has come under some pressure, we've navigated that quite effectively. And early indications are that we're going to continue to be able to do that effectively, particularly with a product that has a premium feature set with it like G6 does. So we're very bullish, very excited about what we're seeing but at the same time, aren't going to get ahead of ourselves here and introduce any unnecessary risk to the expectations. If we can navigate it well in the back half of the year, those growth rates are going to be in excess of 15% that you point out because you're right. The back half in our guidance would imply roughly 15% with the headwinds contemplated, so it's more the latter of what you're speaking about there.
Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then as you try and bridge the gap between what you gave for guidance in the first quarter and what you ultimately did, can you help give us a couple of the different buckets? You mentioned Medicare; you mentioned international. Can you give us a sense of how Medicare improved from the fourth quarter and what sort of patient growth you're seeing, because it's such a substantial difference, any help would be appreciated. Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: No, it's a good question and a fair question here. I would tell you new patient additions, Medicare, both continue to perform incredibly well. We did see a slight uptick in that Medicare business as we anticipated. I think you go back to Q1, and the big thing that frankly we couldn't spend a lot of time talking about on the call but we were deep into the discussions with the FDA at the time, we knew that the G6 approval could be imminent. It could have been any day at that point in time, but that wasn't something we could get out in the front and talk about, particularly with the change in the pathway going to Class 2. And so we knew that if there was an approval, say a day or two after that earnings announcement, there was going to be risk in that Q1 number and we didn't want to introduce that risk. We wanted to make sure we were mindful of that. And so you can chalk up roughly half the beat to that aspect alone, but that then leaves the other half, the true operational performance and that really is across the board. It's in our commercial business, it's in the Medicare business, and it's in the international business. So I would tell you, the underlying volumes performed very well. We were very happy with what we saw, but at the same time, we were trying to contemplate the fact that we could have a very early G6 approval and not be dealing with the negative surprise. So that accounted for some of the beat as well.
Operator: And the next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much, and congrats on a strong quarter. I just wanted to take a step back and talk about the G6 and what you really think of as the biggest step forward here from a product standpoint. I mean, I think we all understand the accuracy and then the no calibration features. But when you think about the smaller on-body form factor, the new alerts and alarms as well as the applicator, are there any of those that you think really stand out as far as adding value that you think investors don't really truly appreciate?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin. I'll take that. I'll let the other guys chip in if they've heard anything else. I would tell you the thing that I have heard the most about is the insertion system and the ease of use. Every text message I've got from a person in the limited launch study, is focused conveniently (00:33:06) on the insertion device. They love no calibration also. They say that's very awesome. But the insertion of this system and the ease-of-use is such a step-up. It's almost indescribable. And as we look at new patients, patients foreign to DexCom and who haven't used it before, when they went into a physician's office and saw the DexCom insertion device, I can tell you there's some trepidation, because that looks like another great big needle that you're going to stick in me. With this device, it is push a button. We saw a video of a child who put on their first G6 today, and she hit the button and said, I don't feel anything. Is it on? And it was. And that experience from a new-to-CGM patient we think is going to be very, very important and very, very good for people to use. But I don't think you can ignore the other two things either. No calibrations with continued DexCom performance puts us in a class that nobody else is. And patients will rely on this, and really we think it can lead to much stronger compliance and possibly increase utilization over time, because if they can look at that number and rely on it and patients don't have to stick their finger, you truly can eliminate fingersticks from the equation. So all around, we couldn't be more excited about a product launch than we are this one.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And then just one follow-up question on guidance. I think, and Quentin you alluded to it a little bit in some of your remarks to a previous question, but I think at the beginning of  on the Q4 call when you were talking about the full year, you had contemplated I think somewhere around 10% pricing and competitive headwinds in the guidance. I guess is that still embedded in the updated guidance here? And is that kind of how we should think about the potential upside if those don't play out in the second half of the year, which we kind of  you have a 10% jump ball there?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, no change there. We continue to assume the same type of headwinds. And again, if we can navigate those well, then fantastic.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Terrific. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks so much. Quentin, a couple of financial questions for you. Just for the quarter obviously you're raising by the beat. The incremental raise if you had to say, what is driving that incrementally? Would you say it's just a broader, stronger volumes U.S. and ex-U.S.? Is that sort of the principal factor?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, it is.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Kevin, I know it's somewhat early, but if you think about the iCGM guidelines relative to your pipeline, if you think about the timeline around Verily Gen 2 and receiver optional, do you have an updated timeline for receiver optional this year? And is it too early to sort of say that your Verily Gen 2 probably comes earlier in light of the updated guidance?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin, David. I'll take that. With respect to receiver optional, we're now putting plans together to get that filed. And that really consists of a lot of risk mitigation and human factor study. It's very apparent FDA is willing to go there, and so we're contemplating that here now. We've had great success with that program in Europe, less than about 40% of our patients even where we have reimbursement are purchasing receivers. So if we can eliminate some of that upfront cost, we will certainly provide that opportunity to patients here. With respect to Verily Gen 2, there is still a lot of R going on in that R&D process. And I think you can see us go faster. What we have to balance, and it's a little bit too much fun here, I've got to be honest with you, how many new things could we put in it as far as going faster, because there is really a tremendous amount of new technology within the walls of our R&D group over there with respect to membrane technology, wires, algorithms, all sorts of things. And we have to really sit down and discipline ourselves. Our goal right now is 2020, and 2020 contemplates many, many changes. For example, this insertion device we've just spent tens of millions of dollars engineering to get it on the market is replaced in Verily Gen 2, and we have to have something every bit as elegant and every bit as seamless for a patient to use. So some of that work has to be done. We'll stick with our 2020 goal. If we find the opportunity to go faster, David, we absolutely would. But that's going to be as big a transition manufacturing as this one, so we'll just play it by ear.
Operator: And the next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just, Quentin, a question for you on all the pricing commentary. Can you talk a little bit about what that means for operating margins longer term? I know there is a lot of moving parts here, but I'd love to get your view on how you're thinking about it relatively new to the company, balancing this whole competitive pricing dynamic with margin expansion long-term?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, well, I think absent any pricing pressure we're still focused on the fact that we need to drive operating margin improvement over the course of time. But then you drop on top of that the fact that there is going to be pricing pressure over time, it only accelerates the need to get focused here. There are a lot of really interesting opportunities in front of us, many things that the company has already identified, and it has plans in place to reduce costs to run the business as we head into the future or to produce the product. And you're going to see some of those things as we get closer to the end of the year and start to roll into 2019 and further. You take the Mesa, Arizona manufacturing facility for example, a world-class operation that puts  and stood up (00:38:57) by the team that will handle the capacity of this organization for years into the future. And once we get into there and really start to leverage that overhead and put automation into there, you're going to see meaningful reductions in the cost profile of the business. And then you get into some of the things that the R&D team has done to engineer costs out of the system without sacrificing the quality and the accuracy of the sensor that we already have, you're talking about meaningful levers that are going to be able to combat any potential price headwinds that are out there. They're going to let us compete head-to-head in any market that we need to from a price perspective if that's where it ultimately goes. Or you're going to drop it straight through to the bottom-line and start to improve the operating margin profile. So we're excited about those kind of things. And then you get into the operating expense profile of the business, and we're always going to be an innovator. R&D is always going to be an area that we're going to spend meaningfully in. We want to out-innovate our competition, and we've proven that we can do that. We believe we can continue to do that into the future. So we'll probably always be outpaced in terms of spending relative to our peer group there. But you get into the G&A profile and that's where we have meaningful opportunity to really think differently in terms of how we manage the business today, in terms of automation, taking things online versus the very manual nature that we have today, and those are all kind of right in the crosshairs of what we're looking to do as we think about becoming more efficient into the future. So we're focused on operating margin no matter what. The pricing pressure in the marketplace only accelerates that focus, but there are meaningful levers and many of them in front of us to address any of those concerns.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Perfect. Thank you so much for that. And just a question on international market dynamics, another strong quarter there. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about market share shifts type 1s versus type 2s? What you're seeing there specifically in the markets like Germany where you have reimbursement coverage and you're competing with all the relevant players? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Hi, Danielle. This is Kevin. Our product is primarily being used in the type 1 market in our European markets where it's reimbursed. With respect to competition, for example, in Germany or the Nordics where we have good reimbursement, we're very, very strong, and we're absolutely getting a number of patient. It's broad-based growth across all those markets, but it is primarily intensive management area not in those non-intensive managed patients or even down into type 2 yet. We haven't reached down that far.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on the quarter. I apologize if these are redundant, but you started off the year, I think you mentioned that the installed base would grow faster than sales. Given the lift in the sales guidance here, do you still expect the installed base to grow faster than sales in 2018?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, we do. And the reason for that is because you have some mix pressures that are contemplated from a dollar revenue perspective, right? So as the Medicare business outpaces the rest of the business, as the international business continues to grow faster than our U.S. business, you're going to see some mix pressure, which ultimately means the installed base is growing faster while the dollar revenue lags it a bit.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just there's been a bit of commentary here on the 14-day wear. When will you run the study for the 14-day wear device? And just can you remind us Verily 1 I think employed the 14-day sensor, just in terms of a potential timeline on that? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We have not communicated anything, and we won't. We certainly would run the trial this year. We're in the middle of discussing the scope of that trial internally and then ultimately presenting it to the FDA as part of an IDE to get there. The special controls really requires to do a lot of statistical setting, determining exactly what size sample of patients we need, how many points we need in the study, and all those criteria. So we're early in that. We'd expect to run that in the back half of 2018.
Operator: And your next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Ryan on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. You noted that you expect sensor utilization for G6 to remain similar versus G5. Why wouldn't on average, patients end up using more sensors per year with G6, given the four shut-offs?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You know what? What we said is that's what we've modeled. We haven't said that's necessarily what we anticipate. Remember with respect to sensor utilization that can be defined as how many sensors a year does a patient wear and how many do they utilize? And that's a function of two things: How many days they wear their sensor and if they take a break in-between sensor sessions. That's sometimes driven by economics. That's sometimes driven by just the nature of patients. As I've talked to several parents whose kids, for example, if they can get away from their sensors for a little while and not be followed, they will do so. With the shut off, in theory, you're absolutely right. In theory, if patients wear sensors all the time and they were extending the wear, they would buy and purchase more sensors. But for purposes of our modeling, we kept everything consistent for now until we know more. It's just really early. We don't even have 1,000 patients on G6 and we haven't even had anybody's sensor run out except for my 10-day sensor and I'm on number two, so there you go.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe just for Q2, can you give any more color on how big of a revenue headwind you're expecting from the G6 upgrade program on transmitters? Assuming on a normalized basis, you'd be growing around 20% sequentially, if the delta to where the Street is, which I think you mentioned was primarily due to that, it's a pretty large number relative to I think where the Street is would be about 11% sequential growth. Any more color you can provide there?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: No. I think you're thinking about it the right way. We understand what the historical seasonality would imply on the quarter. We've tried to model to our best, what we think the potential impact could be, both from the deferral as well as from folks who just may choose to wait to make the purchase. So again, there's no need for us to get ahead of ourselves here and try to not contemplate these kind of headwinds when they know they do exist or believe that we can fully overcome them. We'll navigate it as well as we can, but some of that revenue may come back in Q3 versus getting back there in Q2, given the fact that the launch will be late in the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Absolutely.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Wonderful. Very nice quarter, by the way.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Can we just spend a minute talking about the competitive landscape? We're now two, maybe three quarters into the launch of Libre, and you have Medtronic approval intra-quarter for its stand-alone sensor. You're closest to this than anybody else. What are you seeing?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, we just posted 30% growth.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's why I'm asking.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I guess I can start there. I'll let the other guys comment and then I will  I'll go back to what I said earlier. We've not seen DexCom losing patients to Libre. Our patients haven't left. We have heard that physicians do appreciate the ease of writing that prescription but that's really all that we've heard. We've had  continue to have great growth with respect to Medtronic's launch of Guardian Connect. It's a sensor that you calibrate multiple times. As I've been out in the field, I've not heard excitement in the physician's office for that. And I guess the only point I could compare it to is where we've gone head to head with them in Australia, for example. The Australian Government approved CGM reimbursement not long ago. And Medtronic and us came in together and Medtronic priced significantly lower than us and we have over 70% share. So I don't view  that has not been a factor in our business up to this point in time and  but we don't see this as being one but we're wary and we're mindful and we will certainly look at everything that is out there. Steve, Quentin, do you have anything to add?
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No. I think that (47:19).
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Okay.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then as my follow up, what are the steps to going from a limited launch of G6 to the full launch that we all expect at ADA? And thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Our biggest step is we got to build us some inventory, and we're in the process of getting all the manufacturing operations up and running at full scale. And we're building up inventory right now. We're very pleased to do limited launches like this. There's always little things that you learn when you do limited launch on a product, and we've learned a couple of nips that we've been able to fix before we go out to the masses already with the first sensor startups. And so we've incorporated those. As we said earlier, we expect to launch full force before ADA. It's May 2 today. That means it's all coming in early June, so we were building up inventories. We've got to get some more contracts in place with payers. We've got to get our distributor arrangements lined up. We've got to get quantities built to stock the distributors for their initial stocking orders so they can get things out. So it is literally all hands on deck here, Joanne. I can tell you they meet very regularly, very long, detailed, arduous, brutal meetings about every T to cross and every I to dot on this launch, and so far so good.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. Just maybe two quick ones for me at this point. Steve, maybe could you elaborate a little bit more on the non-intensive diabetes management initiatives and, more specific, give us any update on the UNH project and when we might see that data and its application? And then I have just one other quick follow up.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, so I think Kevin kind of mentioned it on  in one of his questions. We've got north of 1,000 patients enrolled now, just gathering data at this point. Like we've said before, you're not going to see published like clinical data in a medical journal kind of data out of this. It'll be more anecdotal. But I think probably closer to the end of this year or the first part of next year, we'll have a lot more to talk about on  really, the kind of cadence that we're thinking through is really focusing on non-intensive, non-insulin-taking type 2s first. And then really using the Gen 6 and some future products as a platform. We think any of us, we spend time out in the field and the first thing we hear when we go into a clinic is hey this thing needs to be in the hospital, right? Not sure that G6, in its current form, is the right product, but some of the future iterations as the platform evolves certainly allow us to go to the hospital, will allow us to put these things on pre-diabetics and then particularly, pre-type 2s to try to identify these people early and have the ability to intervene. We mentioned gestational, obesity, obviously, linked to type 2 as well. So whole host of really broad opportunities. The first, obviously, for the near-term, foreseeable future, the intensive business is still going to be the core of our revenue, but over the coming years, you're going to see us really branching out into some of these alternative markets. I think it's going to be really important for us.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Super. Thank you. And then I apologize if you touched on this at the outset; I've juggled a couple of calls here. But did you give any color, or can you give any color, as it pertains to growth in the quarter between the commercial and the Medicare populations, either in terms of starts or in terms of dollars in terms of how that helped to drive the very strong first quarter results? Thanks so much.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, we're not going to get down into breaking out the specifics of our commercial and Medicare business for competitive reasons. What we have provided in terms of some color is that Medicare continues to accelerate. We did see an uptake in the Medicare business, which continues to demonstrates the opportunity there that would be, A, being able to realize and the commercial business continues to be very strong as well fueled by new patient additions. So that's the extent of the color we're going to provide there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Hi, guys. Given your U.S. performance and the Libre roll out, it certainly looks like we're seeing an inflection in market penetration. Guys, based on your discussion with physician customers, what are your latest thoughts on where penetration can go over the next three to five years, maybe specifically in the type 1 population within the intensive insulin population, if you could?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin, and that's a great question. I have said on numerous times, I think type 1 penetration for CGM should be at least 80%. I don't believe that is a stretched number. I believe that given the value of the technology that we provide and the information we provide patients, I don't know how anybody would manage the disease without it. I really don't, and I think over time, again, as we refine our product portfolio to include [Technical Difficulty] (00:52:18) we have, with G6 and no calibration, the connectivity, the interoperability with the other devices, that somebody with type 1 diabetes would have to intensively manage their disease, I think we can absolutely lead that charge, but I truly believe that penetration in the type 1 space. And I believe the intensive type 2 space should be just as high. These patients need CGM. They need data to understand how to manage their condition and their overall health.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. And just as a follow up, apologize if you've mentioned this earlier. But latest thoughts on additional country opportunities for you guys. I know in the last call, I think you mentioned Japan. Should we still expect to hear from you guys before the end of the year on some new opportunities there?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, most certainly. I mean, we expect an approval in Japan kind of any time now and would hope to be launching really before the end of the second quarter in Japan. We mentioned Korea previously. We're looking at some other direct opportunities as reimbursement evolves in Europe. So yeah. Continued international expansion through the balance of this year and certainly into 2019 will be an important contributor for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Kevin, you mentioned patient's desire to change out their sensor less frequently. You have another competitor with a long-term sensor; they had a positive advisory panel meeting back in March that could potentially be approved here in the next few months. What are your thoughts on the appeal of an implantable form factor?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That's where DexCom started in the past. And I'll go back to the pillars of the product that I talked about. You've got to perform. You've got to be convenient, and you've got to meet the cost requirements of a patient. If that system fits into those categories and patients prefer it, that is fine. We have not seen tremendous uptick for that system in Europe, but their data clinically appears reasonable. And there may be some patients who prefer that. We believe if we can get our technology small enough, and convenient enough, and easy enough to use that we can replace any advantage that somebody with that system may think that they have. And that's how we look at it. But we wish them well.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. That's helpful. And then can you give an update on timing of two pipeline items  first, the second Gen G6 transmitter with the lower cost of production; and then share availability for Medicare patients.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The G6 lower cost transmitter is in the middle  we're really ramping that up engineering wise. We would hope to launch that early 2019, late 2018. Those are the two timeframes that I see on my desk. We believe the filing can go faster now that we're in a 510(k) world, because that transmitter doesn't perform any different than the current one that we have. With respect to Medicare and the share function, let me tell you, we work at it diligently. We are writing letters. We're engaged politically. We meet with CMS on a regular basis. We are hoping to resolve that by the end of the quarter. But I will tell you the commitment I made on behalf of our team to the Medicare population. If we can't get this resolved, we'll come up with a Medicare configuration in our product portfolio that does. We're not going to let seniors go without share. It is absolutely too important to them to have it, and it's important to their infrastructure and diabetes ecosystem. So I'm really hopeful I have a positive announcement on the next call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Isaac Ro from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to get a little more detail if I could on your comments regarding pricing for transmitters and receivers outside the U.S. I think you said a little bit of ASP pressure. Just curious, what drove that?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, a couple things. Mix is one of the drivers there, just as you look at the geographic and within the geography country mix, or direct versus distributor. And then the other aspect is we are receiver optional throughout Europe. And so you do find patients who continue to move towards the receiverless option. So it puts a bit of pressure on the overall revenue per patient calculation.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. Wait for the (56:38) jets to fly by.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We've got you. Let's let the jets fly by before you go, Isaac. Give us a couple of minutes here.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: No problem. I thank them for their service. Okay. Just a follow-up would be on the Libre  I'm sorry the Verily program. You guys mentioned that it's in development there. Sounds like it's on track. Can you help us think about when the investment there peaks over the next couple of years? Is it a this year kind of thing? Or is it going to kind of increase in investment into 2019 as well? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Our R&D investment is really big already, and the biggest project we're spending most of our money on, on the R&D front right now in all candor is the second Verily product. The first one is in a (00:57:19) phase where it's in validation and verification as we get ready to run the study and then decide where and how we're going to launch that, which are some variables we're still discussing internally. Our biggest investment in Verily right now is that second product, as we really have a lot of neat things going into that. So that will be part of our standard R&D spend really for the next three years as we get the first one out, and then going forward as we modify it and make it better.
Operator: And our next question comes Ravi Misra from Berenberg Capital. Please go ahead.
Ravi Misra - Berenberg Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking the call. Two questions. The first I had was on the receiver optional commentary that you've been having. I'm just curious to think kind of longer-term what your thoughts are and what the impact of that could be on gross margins? Having one less device to manufacture and for a patient to purchase seems to be that it could be a potential gross margin tailwind in the long-term. Would you agree with that characterization? And kind of how should we think about that, a couple of basis points or this is kind of a step function driver? And then secondly, my follow-up would be with the G6 launch, I was just wondering a little bit on the strategy of patient acquisition. Are you focusing on existent patient conversions or kind of new patient acquisitions? Thank you.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: With respect to the receiver and the potential future impact on gross margin, as we do move away from the receiver and become more of a receiver optional or the receiver just goes away altogether, it is going to be a tailwind on the gross margin. It currently has a gross margin profile that is less than the corporate average by a pretty meaningful amount, so it will be a nice contributor over time. We're not going to size it up just yet, but it is something that will make a meaningful move in the gross margin profile.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, and I'll add to that and then answer your second question. While we move away from that and it will make gross margins better, it will decrease the gross profit per patient. And that's how we analyze this stuff is what is the value of a patient to us on the gross profit line as we look at our pricing models and the products that we offer and how we roll our services out. So there are pluses and there are minuses, and we will weigh all of that, as we pursue this strategy. With respect to G6 patients, we're going to do it the way we always do. We're going after all of them. We will get as many patients as we can to continue to buy G5 and get them the upgrade program so they do not wait for CGM. We've had very good response from our existing patients with respect to the G5 purchase up to the  and waiting for the G6 upgrade. But literally, we will attempt to build enough to be able to serve everybody out of the gate, so it's a big launch for us.
Operator: And our last question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Just wanted to follow up on something. Specifically, there are a few databases that have these weighted cost average pricing data that's available. Can you guys true-up some of the commentary that you guys had at the beginning of the call for the cost relative to the patient, relative to this pricing data that's available on the databases? Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Sure, Margaret. This is Steve. I'll take that. So WACC pricing isn't really representative of kind of the net pricing that we receive as a company. We take a look as we launch G6 and as we look to the pharmacy strategy. G6 really gives us an opportunity to get back and revisit our pharmacy strategy. With G5, our WACC frankly was higher, and what we would do is we provide rebates that would get our net price rebates back to the payer, and/or the pharmacy, the patient to get our net price closer to what our DME pricing was. The problem is in many instances in the pharmacy, some individuals have a co-insurance versus a co-pay, and those that have a co-insurance would end up having to pay a percentage out of pocket of the WACC, so they could end up paying a much higher out-of-pocket expense than a traditional co-pay. So what we can do here is if we reduce our WACC, which again really isn't representative of the net price and the net value to DexCom, we can reduce what we have to pay back in rebates to the payer. We can also get appropriate pricing, net pricing to those folks with co-insurance, they can actually pay a much lower out of pocket, potentially as much as like 50% lower from an out-of-pocket perspective. So this is a real  it's a real positive for us.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Kevin for final remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, everybody, for participating. While it seems like yesterday, today marks the 7th Anniversary of my participation in DexCom earning calls. In that time, we've gone from a theme of explaining how we have enough cash to survive another day, to the unknowns in the G4 launch, to connectivity with G5 and now G6. This is by far and away the most anticipated, exciting and complicated period we've ever been associated with. A change like this early on in DexCom's history would've affected a few thousand patients here in the United States, but now we play a key role in the lives of hundreds of thousands of patients all over the world. This is our first-ever global launch, and it's a much more complex environment and literally every single thing about this product is different. In typical DexCom fashion, we're executing at warp speed. We received approval in late March; we'll be in full launch mode in early June. We continue to hold ourselves to the highest standards possible to deliver the best technology on our patients. Early reviews of G6 haven't disappointed. I'm going to share one from a young lady who is in our first phase of our limited launch and she's a teenager. Upon her first experience with G6, she texted three words  beautiful, incredible and unbelievable. Do teenagers say that about anything other than their phones? Thank you for your continued support. The future at DexCom continues to be amazing. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc. Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexa Desai - William Blair & Co. LLC Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co. Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc. Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Darryl and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Matt Dolan. Matt, you may begin.
Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to DexCom's fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. With us today is Kevin Sayer, DexCom's President and CEO; Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development; and Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will begin with our prepared remarks and then open the call up for your questions. At that time, we will limit analysts to one question and one follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. I will begin with our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP and cash-based results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to the tables in our earnings release in the Investor Relations portion of our website for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you for joining us on our year-end call today. We're going to do things a little bit differently than we've done on previous calls. I'll provide an introduction and pass it to Quentin for a financial review, followed by Steve who will provide an update on several of our key strategic initiatives. I will then conclude with my thoughts on the business and our outlook before we open things up to Q&A. 2017 was another year defined by a number of important achievements for DexCom, as we initiated our rollout to the Medicare population in the United States, significantly expanded our international presence, made meaningful progress with our product pipeline, including our next generation system DexCom G6, which is now under review with the FDA, saw the results of our landmark DIaMonD study published along with several other important studies, which provide the best clinical evidence we've ever had to support real-time CGM as an essential tool for all intensive insulin using patients, and finally, we initiated our first pilot experiences in the non-intensive Type 2 diabetes population. Our 2017 financial performance was also strong with revenue growing at 25% in 2017, led by a very solid fourth quarter where we saw momentum build as we exited the year with sales growth of 29%. I am pleased to report that U.S. revenue growth accelerated in the last quarter of the year, including our commercial business, which realized its strongest growth quarter of the year, and our international business grew more than 60% for the full year. Our team also demonstrated good expense control with the P&L improving in the back half of 2017. Consistent with our plans, second half operating expenses grew at a rate of less than half of our revenue growth compared to the second half of 2016. As we look ahead, we believe we're in a very solid position with a major global product launch slated for later this year and multiple strategic initiatives moving forward. More on these key programs in a moment, but now I will turn the call over to Quentin for a review of our financials.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported record revenue of $221 million for the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to $171 million for the same quarter in 2016, resulting in our strongest growth quarter of the year with growth of 29%. Sequentially, revenue was up 20%, driven by a 24% quarter-over-quarter increase in our U.S. business, fueled by the ramp of our Medicare business and a greater-than-anticipated increase in our U.S. commercial business. As Kevin alluded to, DexCom's U.S. revenue demonstrated increasing momentum growing 25% year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2017, and the OUS business posted another solid growth rate at 58% year-over-year. And while we are still in the early stages of ramping our Medicare business, we were pleased to see the pickup in the U.S. commercial growth given the significant distraction we had called out in the first three quarters of the year. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $154 million, generating a gross margin of approximately 69% compared to a gross margin of 68% in the same quarter in the prior year. For the full year, gross margin was 68%. As we provided within the tables of our press release, our Q4 geographic revenue mix was more heavily weighted towards our U.S. business given the stronger-than-anticipated performance resulting in a positive impact on gross margins. In addition, our Q4 product mix favored sensor sales, which are having a more favorable margin profile. Average sensor pricing was consistent with recent quarters, while transmitters and receivers saw some reductions due primarily to, one, the Medicare rollout and the realized pricing for our bundle, and two, some lower upfront cost initiatives in our international markets. Operating expenses totaled $142 million for Q4 compared to $123 million in Q4 of 2016. This reflects an increase of 15% year-over-year, nearly half the rate of revenue growth for the same period and demonstrates the potential opportunity of our financial leverage over time. Most encouraging was that while spending was approximately up by only half the rate of revenue growth, we continued to invest in our key initiatives including accelerated direct-to-consumer marketing, OUS expansion and our R&D pipeline. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the impact of share-based compensation and is a good proxy of the cash earnings of our business was 19% for the fourth quarter, and up 58% from the prior year. Our GAAP net loss was $9 million or $0.11 loss per share. Included in our GAAP net loss was an $18 million tax expense. This tax expense was driven by the reversal of a tax benefit we realized in the second quarter associated with our convertible notes offering. At the time of recording the tax benefit in Q2, we had anticipated that the company would be in a taxable net loss position for the year, thereby resulting in recording the tax benefit. As a result of the strong finish to the year, as well as migrating IP associated with our international business into foreign jurisdictions, we ended the year in a tax profitable position resulting in the reversal of the previously-recorded tax benefit. Excluding the non-cash tax expense in Q4, non-GAAP net income was $9 million or earnings per share of $0.10, representing the most profitable quarter in our history. We ended the year well capitalized with $549 million in cash and equivalents on our balance sheet versus $526 million at the end of Q3 and $124 million at the end of 2016. The entire $200 million revolving line of credit remains available. Looking ahead to 2018, we provided our initial outlook in early January and we continue to anticipate total revenues of $830 million to $850 million with sensor volumes, international growth and the patient base all expected to grow faster than our revenues. We remain comfortable with our mid to upper 60% expectation for gross margin this year and expect core operating expenses to increase by approximately 10%. As we noted previously, this excludes any additional spend associated with our non-intensive programs, which are beginning to ramp this year. For the first quarter, we remind investors that our sales would decline sequentially, due primarily to the resetting of annual health insurance deductibles in the U.S. Therefore, we expect seasonality within the year will be consistent with the past several years and anticipate that no more than 20% of our 2018 revenue will be generated in the first quarter. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Steve for a strategic update.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Quentin. Our insulin partners are making significant progress with DexCom integrated systems. Both Tandem and Insulet presented very strong pilot data at ATTD for their automated insulin delivery systems and we remain heavily invested in these collaborations. Early results demonstrated what would be market leading outcomes, including very strong improvements to time and range. We believe each of these systems will be highly differentiated once they're commercially available. Our recently-announced collaboration with Eli Lilly, which is intended to generate both pump and smart pen integration, is also moving forward nicely and recently saw first in-human experience. We continue to drive other pump and smart pen integrations and expect to update the market when appropriate. Turning to the non-intensive opportunity, development of a fully disposable real-time CGM system with Verily is moving ahead with the first generation system currently expected to complete development this year. As we have stated previously, the timing of this product launch is contingent on a number of factors, including our no calibration regulatory strategy with G6. Our smaller and more cost effective second generation system is taking shape and we are optimistic in our ability to introduce this device in 2020. These products are well-suited for multiple new opportunities for DexCom, including our expansion into the non-intensive segment of the market. At CES in January, many of you saw the announcement of the initiation of our pilot activities with United Healthcare and their members are now actively enrolling in this diabetes management program. As we've outlined in prior calls, the goal of this program is to drive both health and economic benefits in the management of people with Type 2 diabetes. The ability to provide connected real-time CGM data will be a critical component of this program allowing patients and caregivers the ability to see the impact of their behavior and drug therapy and take immediate action. And although we are still early in developing the non-intensive market, the need for better management couldn't be clearer. For example, earlier this month, a study was published indicating that of people aged 45 and over who visited the ER, roughly 25% had diabetes and those patients aged 45 to 64 were almost twice as likely to be hospitalized following a visit to the emergency room. With our CGM technology, we believe we have the ability to fundamentally improve both how these patients manage their diabetes and how they impact our health care system. We hope to fully enroll the pilot with United and evaluate next steps by the end of 2018. With that, I will pass it along to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, guys. I am very pleased with our team's performance in 2017. Our U.S. business accelerated in Q4 and our commercial patient additions were at record levels. Internationally, we had a breakout year after significantly expanding our OUS team beginning in 2016. And from a financial perspective, we are seeing leverage in our P&L, all while maintaining solid revenue growth and preparing for the future. As we look to the balance of 2018, interest in DexCom CGM is robust with a strong increase in new patient opportunities, fueled in part by our ability to process Medicare eligible patients. Leaving ATTD in Vienna earlier this month, DexCom was in a spotlight with buzz around strong clinical and competitive data. More broadly, CGM was a consistent theme throughout ATTD, and it is clear to me that CGM is the standard in diabetes therapy for patients on MDI or pumps, and should become the standard for all people suffering with diabetes as we drive early efforts to move into the non-intensive population. Nearly every scientific session included CGM data, whether it was the primary focus of the presentation or simply a measurement of the effectiveness of another device or drug therapy. Considering global penetration rates remained very, very low, we believe this environment creates a significant opportunity for DexCom to capitalize on for the next several years. And as we move to our next generation platform, we are well positioned to take advantage of this opportunity. Our interactions with the FDA continue to be productive and we believe we will launch a no calibration G6 platform globally this year with the goal of introducing it by midyear. Our outlook reflects these important opportunities, but also accounts for an evolving marketplace, including the potential impact of competitive activity, like we haven't experienced in the past. The decision by J&J to transition the Animas pump business, and potentially more anticipated pricing pressure than we've experienced in prior periods as well. Now I'll turn to our product pipeline update. As I mentioned, our biggest priority in 2018 surrounds the launch of our next generation G6 CGM system. The performance and feature set of this platform represents a step function improvement from what is currently available to people with diabetes. We have improved ease-of-use with a simplified applicator, 10-day wear, no calibrations and a reduced form factor. And the data we have seen to-date suggests that patients will benefit from improved performance characteristics, including a better day one consistency and no interference from drugs like acetaminophen. We know patients favor DexCom's real-time CGM because of its accuracy, reliability, alerts and connectivity and are excited to soon build on this foundation with the important enhancements offered by G6. Beyond the core system, we continue to leverage the advantages of DexCom's real-time connectivity with our apps and wearables. The number of customers using mobile devices continues to tick up on both IoS and Android, allowing them to take advantage of our share system. We recently upgraded our app to offer a customizable alert schedule, and the option to override the mute function. We know there continues to be questions surrounding Medicare patients and their access to our valuable mobile app. We remain in discussions with CMS and hope to be able to resolve this in the next six months. Wearables are also becoming increasingly important in driving patient convenience and we continue to make strides in expanding our offerings there with the Apple Watch, Fitbit and other Android wear devices. In summary, we had a great finish to the year and we're off to a solid start in 2018. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A. Matt?
Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Operator? Please provide the complete Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Go ahead with your question.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Two quick questions. The second one may be less quick. The first is relative to the pre-announcement, you did come in better than you pre-announced, so if you could just highlight where the difference came from? And then second, the question is really on the first quarter commentary. I noted historical percentage of sales that have come in the first quarter of the last several years, you're familiar with that obviously. But your guidance implies 17% to 19% year-over-year growth in the first quarter versus the 29% you did in the fourth quarter. You know it implies $166 million to $170 million revenues versus The Street's $182 million. So why does revenue growth step-down as much as you're guiding to from 4Q to 1Q? What drives that and maybe you could just shed some more color on what you're seeing today in the business? Thanks.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, Mike. So this is Quentin here. I think with respect to Q4, obviously JPMorgan was very early, you know, in January. We weren't certainly not going to get ahead of ourselves there. We felt very good about where the quarter had come together, particularly in the U.S. business. We knew Medicare was strong, but the commercial business was particularly strong, and we just wanted to make sure that we had our arms around all of the issues that were going on in that business. And like I said, sets us up to where we knew we weren't going to get ahead of ourselves, but felt very confident that we'd be able to deliver on that number, and that's the way we approached it as we went into the JPMorgan conference. So that's what you have there. Again, the majority of all of that upside came out of the commercial business in the U.S. With respect to the seasonality, I think a couple things to keep in mind. The sequential uptick from Q3 into Q4 was about 5 points stronger than what we've historically seen, particularly against last year anyhow or the 2016 year, and we're not in a position yet to call that a trend. Again, we were very happy with the momentum that we saw. We saw it play out in the commercial business, but we're one quarter into it and the majority of that came in the back part of the quarter as well. So we're not going to get ahead of ourselves with respect to that item either. I think the way to think about it is if you just looked historically at seasonality Q1 is roughly 20% of about every year that you can go back and look at and that's the way we're thinking about 2018 for this particular point in time. If we can navigate it well and the momentum continues, then we're going to be in a great position, but again no need to be out ahead of ourselves here.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, Mike. This is Kevin. I'll just add a bit to that, high deductible plans haven't gone away if anything they've increased. We've had, as we said on our call, very good interest early this year, awareness has been very, very good. And so things have gone well, but high deductible plans do make it tougher even for the reordering patients because they have to hit those deductibles and these are headwinds we've encountered in the first quarter every year and it's really no different than it has been before. So as Quentin said, we'll wait and see if this is a trend after a little while and go from there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Go ahead with your question.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you, guys. So maybe I could build on Mike's question just a little bit here on the first quarter guidance. First part of the question I guess just what are you seeing in your U.S. commercial business, especially here two months into the first quarter? Obviously competition has increased a bit here over the last 8 weeks to 10 weeks or so as Libre has launched in the U.S. So just wondering kind of any qualitative comments you can provide or even quantitative on where U.S. commercial trends have been over the last couple of months.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. This is Kevin, I'll comment on that one. Increased awareness has helped our business tremendously. Make no mistake about it, our DTC campaigns ramped up in the first quarter of the year. Many people I run into tell me they've seen a DexCom ad. So we are reaching people. On top of that you have increased awareness being generated by our competitors as well. When patients go see the physician and say, hey, I've been made aware of CGM technology what do I need? Well, physicians definitely know the difference between us and the competitive systems and we're getting a large number of referrals. So the pipeline of new patient opportunities has been outstanding. Where we run into the same thing we run into the first quarter of every year is, okay, how much is my out of pocket for this first quarter and we have to make sure we manage those expectations and get those patients on as best we can. But right now we are seeing very good demand and very good response in the U.S. The other thing in the first quarter again just to remember, as a bigger piece of our first quarter business and our new starts in that first quarter are more than likely Medicare patients and they have a lower revenue per start than our traditional commercial patients, as do a lot of our European patients as we grow in those markets in the first quarter as well, so all those things kind of blend to the story that we told earlier.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. That's helpful, And then my follow-up question I guess just on the investment you seem to make passive investment, but investment in tandem here recently looks like you bought some shares on their secondary offering. I know in the past you talked about not wanting to own a pump company but just wondering kind of is this a first step in that direction? Or what else maybe drove the buying on their secondary? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No, Jeff. This is Steve. I'll take that one. No, this should not be viewed by The Street as a first step to an acquisition by any stretch. In fact, I would start to answer the question by saying we're extraordinarily committed to all of our pump partners, not just Tandem, we're committed to Lilly, we're committed to Insulet, we're committed to others that we're still keeping confidential. So, no, I mean, at the end of the day, we discussed it with Tandem, discussed how our participation might influence our offering, and we agreed that if they raised a sufficient amount of capital that we would be willing to participate and that's really what happened. Like with Animus exiting the market when it became clear during Tandem's offering that they were going to raise more than enough capital to get to a place where we believe they can have a couple of really significant new product launches that incorporate our technology, it became sort of a no brainer.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I would just add one other comment as we were at ATTD like many others were, and we saw the data from their closed loop system and the data that it produced as one long time diabetes person said to me, he looked at that data and said I finally believe that this stuff is going to work. It was very, very compelling and we think it's a very, very good time. We saw the same thing with Insulet, we saw great data in Europe with their system as well. So we're beginning to see that we're going to have some closed loop and some automated insulin delivery solutions out there. So both of those events are great for us too.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead with your question.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Just a couple of quick ones for me. So the U.S. was obviously very strong, and that was called out in your remarks. Can you just talk about the ex-U.S. business this particular quarter? I think it was flatter or marginally down sequentially. And was that just tied, I think, (24:29) mentioned some new hardware strategies ex-U.S. So was that the principal driver here sequentially? And how should we think about 2018 in light of the fourth quarter number ex-U.S.?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Hey, David. It's Quentin here. So, obviously, very pleased with the momentum we continue to have in that international business. Growing nearly 60% in the fourth quarter is something we continue to be happy about. And if you get into the details of it, what you end up finding is the direct business that we have there was all in excess of that 60% growth year-over-year. But part of our business there continues to be through distributors, and the distributer business is not as seasonal and has a bit more lumpiness in it than the direct business. So nothing there that concerns us. We continue to be very encouraged by what we see on both the direct and the distributer side of the business. But nothing to read into from that perspective. If you think about 2018, international is going to continue to be a growth driver for us over the course of the year. So you're going to continue to see growth far in excess of the overall corporate average. I would just remind you we're probably less than 5% penetrated in that overall marketplace, so there's a lot of runway ahead of us to continue to drive growth there.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Very helpful. Then back on the U.S. market. Just Medicare commentary. I think the last quarter, the third quarter call, you mentioned 4,000 patients processed, 20,000 backlog. Can you update us on those numbers? And sorry, Quentin. I forgot to ask for you, the expense number for 2018. Can you share any kind of range we can think about for the United spending in 2018? And I'll jump back in queue. Thanks so much.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. So I'll take the spending number real quickly. You know, we've been very committed to finding ways to drive efficiencies in the business, and the company has done a great job in doing that over the course of 2017. And you started to see some of that leverage really play out in the third quarter, then again into the fourth quarter. And what you'll see in the core business next year is that our core spending, excluding this Type 2 non-intensive investment, will be up roughly 10%, or nearly half the rate of revenue. So we continue on with the plans that the company had already put in place. With respect to the non-intensive programs, I would say somewhere between $10 million to $20 million at this point in time is kind of where our heads are at. But at the same time, we're not going to hold back here. We see the opportunity to really drive incremental growth and invest in the future of this company. We're going to do it. But I think that's probably the right way to frame it up at this point in time, based upon what we know. The first question, again, repeat that one? Or do you have it?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: No. I've got it. It was Medicare; you talked about Medicare and the pipeline. We're not going to go into our pipeline details anymore. We wanted to let everybody know that we had a valuable Medicare pipeline and patients were interested. We did get many of the patients processed and a lot of it out the door. The pipeline remains robust, but we're not going to break out Medicare versus commercial revenues as an ongoing thing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Go ahead with your question.
Alexa Desai - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. This is actually Alexa in for Margaret. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Alexa Desai - William Blair & Co. LLC: Perfect. So my first question is actually on the sales force and where the sales team is intended to focus this year. Are they more going to focus on commercial patient adds, pruning (27:45) existing relationships, Medicare? And how we should think about sales force spending and presence relative to digital marketing spend throughout the year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. This is Kevin. I can address that one. We did not expand the sales force this year from last in the U.S., our commercial sales force. We feel that it's right-sized, and we feel we got a lot of inroads with physicians who we had not called on, on a regular basis last year with the expansion that we did. So we're going to keep that team the size that it is now. They will push all the business, new patients, commercial new patients Medicare. That varies a lot territory-to-territory. They're compensated based upon bringing new patients to us, and we don't assign a quota for peds or Medicare or adults or commercial patients. Our spend, we will continue to invest in the digital platforms. We've seen very good results in increasing awareness from our digital platforms, and we're getting a lot of traction from the ad campaigns that we're running. Our biggest spend on the commercial front, quite frank, would be the G6 launch. We've been reviewing G6 launch plans for later this year internally and the things that we want to do. That's going to be a very big dollar spend for us, and we'll attack every single avenue that we have when we get that product out there because we really believe it's a home run.
Alexa Desai - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: I'm sorry. She dropped off. Our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions. Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. So wanted to take a step back and just ask a little bit more on the G6 side. I appreciate the incremental guidance from a gross margin standpoint, and Kevin, you kind of touched on potentially increased competition leading to price pressures this year. But you're also launching the new products as far as the G6 sensor, the new applicator, new receiver, and things of that sort. Just wanted to see how we should think about those new products just from a cost standpoint, particularly with the new Mesa facility coming online? And just how the G6 and the new introductions over the course of this year will set up the company from a margin perspective relative to potential price pressures we see in the market?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Over time, we have long planned to take manufacturing costs out of our products and do things more efficiently, and G6 is going to be a result of that. For example, we have our initial launch transmitter configuration. We have a second transmitter coming not long after that that promises a significant cost reduction with improved performance and the way our team has developed automated lines around G6 processing. Ultimately, we're very confident that even with the new applicator configuration the cost per sensor will decrease. With the 10-day labeled wear, we're hoping that margins are better with that. So as you add all those things up, the margin percentage over time should be the same, but you add in the variable you brought out, we're going to add some fixed costs in for the Mesa factory as we bring it online. So that will affect margins a bit negatively as we get going, we're supporting two facilities, but eventually as we fill that up and volumes even out between the two, margins will get back to where they need to be. So we baked that into our assumptions, and we'll go from there. I don't know, Quentin, if you have anything you want to add to that?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: No. I think you hit the nail on the head. Over the course of 2018 as we stand up the Mesa facility, there are going to be a bit of headwinds, and that's what our gross margin guidance contemplates. That's why we talked about it in the mid- to upper-60%s coming off of what is 68% for the 2017 year. So we're trying to dial those in and contemplate those. There's a little bit of pressure from a mix perspective. Obviously the Medicare business, as we continue to bring new patients into that, has a lower margin profile early on in the OUS business as it becomes a more meaningful part of the overall revenue contribution also can weigh on the gross margin. But as we start to scale this Mesa facility in the 2019 and on and you really start to lever the fixed cost overhead that's within that facility, you see meaningful improvements in the gross margin profile over time. So I think 2018 is somewhat of a transition year for us. You get into 2019 and further, you're going to see the cost profile of our products and what's in the product roadmap really start to come down.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. I appreciate the color there. And then kind of dovetailing off some of the previous commentary OUS, just wondered if you can give us an updated view on reimbursement internationally? I think last year you talked about hoping to hit your 50% of contracted lives in Germany. Just thoughts on where we should see that number go in 2018? And then just broader thoughts on any potential reimbursement wins internationally as we move forward?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. I think we definitely  we ended the year north of that 50% goal in Germany, and we continue to make progress kind of rounding out Germany as a whole. We've made some progress in France. We're still kind of pushing there on some of our legacy technologies. Obviously, we're in a bit of a transition phase as we look to bring G6 to market, so some of this will actually accelerate more as we launch the G6 in some of the global markets besides just the U.S. So I think you could still see some potential for a win in the UK. As we talked about on previous calls, we're going to launch in Japan. There is currently reimbursement for our professional solution in Japan, so in theory (33:20) we're launching a potential product into an already reimbursed market there, although we do think the consumer version of the product is going to be more appropriate for patients there. So there's a number of things OUS. Without giving you any details specifically, you could see us make a couple of additional announcements later this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from J. P. McKim from Piper Jaffray. You can go ahead with your question.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to touch on guidance real quick, and just trying to understand the delta between this year and next year. So if you finish this year at 25% and midpoint for next year is 18%, so the delta is around 8% in terms of just the overall growth rate. Can you help at least qualitatively give us how much is that from pricing pressure, maybe more than you think? Or just taking into volume on the competitive side and handicapping that?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. So Kevin hit a little bit on this in his prepared remarks. You know the volume side, the unit side of the business continues to be very, very healthy, and the momentum coming out of Q4 we were very pleased with even into the first part of the quarter. You know all indications have been very strong, but even the competitive headwinds that are out there, the noise around some of our competitors and new products coming into the marketplace, other folks kind of getting their act together as we move over the course of the year. I think it's prudent for us to think about those as potential headwinds, and that's what we're trying to contemplate in our guidance. So we've talked about there being roughly 5 points to 10 points of contemplation in our numbers for those associated impacts, whether it's price or competitive headwinds, if we can navigate that well, then fantastic. We really are going to be in a great position over the course of the year. If they come to fruition then we've dialed in appropriately.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then just one on G6. In your early discussion, does it seem like that they will force you to shut the system off after 10 days? Or since you have the ability to maybe calibrate if you want, could it potentially run longer?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We are having discussions on that very subject with the agency as we speak. And we do have, you know, one of the things we haven't been real public about but we can talk about on this call since you mentioned it. We did leave the opportunity for a patient if they wish to calibrate the system to go ahead and do it. We think this is very important for our IP partners, they'll be able to calibrate their systems. And there are times and there are users who have come to me directly and said well we appreciate no calibration, we're going to want to be able to stick our finger in it from time to time just as a comfort matter. So we are going to offer that feature. We don't have a final decision on shutoff or not.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Go ahead with your question, Doug.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Ryan (36:22) on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. I know you said you're not going to breakout Medicare revenues, but it is a pretty important growth driver for 2018. Can you provide a little more color on what you saw in the quarter, or so far in Q1 as well as what's embedded in your 2018 guidance?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Well, with respect to Q4, I think most folks have been modeling somewhere around $10 million of revenue or so in terms of the contribution for Medicare. We'll tell you that we didn't deliver the $10 million in the quarter, but we saw a meaningful increase coming off of Q3 into Q4. So very pleased with the way that we see that business continuing to build and ramp, and as we continue to learn how to navigate it internally, the processes becomes an easier and more smooth process for us to navigate through. So you're right. It's going to be a meaningful growth driver for us in 2018, but we're not going to break that out and continue to talk about it, but it did uptick well in Q4, but it wasn't at the $10 million run rate that many had modeled.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then on pricing. You talked about anticipating some pricing pressure within your guidance, primarily within durables. Last call you started to talk about early discussions with U.S. commercial payers regarding pricing. Is there any  have you had any further conversations? And is there any update you can provide on how you're thinking about the longer-term outlook here? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. This is Kevin. I'll address that. We have had discussions with U.S. payers, and again, even given the competitive environment, payers are very cognizant of the fact that our device is different than the ones we're competing with, and we've been able to maintain the pricing structure that we have. We'd also be foolish to say they aren't aware of the lower price models that are being offered in the category as well. Combine that with the fact that the Medicare pricing model is different than anything that we've ever had in the past with respect to the subscription model, and we do see a lot of noise in the pricing world. For today, our discussions have been very good. Our payer team has done a wonderful job keeping us in the right position. We have always been willing to trade price for access and simplicity and getting on the system. And so you'll see us make trades and have discussions of that nature over the course of the year. It's a very exciting time with the payers. Again increased awareness raises all votes. And it gives us the opportunity to have a lot more candid discussions with them, and we welcome those opportunities. So, so far, so good.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just on the UNH partnership or I guess I should say the trials that's ongoing, can you talk a little bit about exactly what you and United Health are going to be looking for? Maybe give a little bit more color on how that should inform your go-to-market strategy for Type 2 patients. And then last I'll ask all my questions at once and then last question related to that, what we as investors should expect to see come out of that over the next 12 months to 18 months. Thanks so much.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: So, Danielle, this is Steve. I'll take this one. So look, we said this before 2018 is very much an investment year for us and really exploring together with our partners at United Healthcare what this business model might look like. The goal is obviously clear. It's to drive cost savings and improve outcomes using a variety of technologies, most importantly CGM. So these patients will have  they'll wear sensors, they'll have activity tracking data, you saw Fitbit talked about us a little bit in their call, I think it was yesterday. We'll have diet, exercise information, we'll have some real-time coaching, so there's a combination of input spend and the goal here is to develop a program with a business model that works that we can invest in these patients a little bit and then in the back end save a bigger chunk of money on whether it's on revisiting their current drug regimen, preventing them from having to go on additional drugs, et cetera. So the Type 2s are extraordinarily costly to the system and as the key sensing component, I mean we think we're adding the most value to this program. I would tell you it really is too early today to try to pin down what the business model's going to look like for us. It'll evolve out of this we talked about doing initially about 10,000 patients. It'll really evolve out of that and we'll have to give you guys more color as it evolves.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Matt, you can go ahead with your question.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So I wanted to ask you about the G6 launch and what you're assuming there. And I guess the core of my question is we've always assumed that going to no calibration would be a big deal and so I wouldn't think you would argue with that, but could you compare this launch and what you're expecting with G6, assuming it does come midyear, would there be some initial stocking? And what kind of uptake do you think you could drive out of the gate given that big change?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin. I'll take that one. I'll answer it the easiest way I can. I got an e-mail from the parent of a patient today whose child had been in the G6 study. The child won't go back to G5. The child wants G6 and we don't have it available yet and the parent asked is there anything we can do to get back on the system that my child wants to wear. We think there will be a big uptick and we think this will be a very exciting launch for us. This is the first all of world launch we've ever tried and I think you all should be cognizant of the fact that this isn't just a new algorithm or it isn't just a new sensor. This is a new everything. The sensor is new, the membranes are new, the applicator is new, the manufacturing processes are different, the algorithm is different, the calibration scheme is different, everything across the board is different than anything we've ever done before. We keep our distributors on a very  and there we have great relationships with them. They don't get much past a month of inventory, so there's not going to be a big stock up opportunity of G6 and in fact, as we see G5 winding down the beauty of having a three-month transmitter is they can fill out their G5 stock as these patients have their transmitters that expire and then we can do a very natural shift over to the G6 platform for our patients. So we don't see there's going to be a big stock up opportunity of this per se. And we really haven't had that with any of our launches, but we will roll it out and we will have to go get reimbursement contracts across the board. We'll have to get a new Medicare contract for G6 because it's a different product than G5. So there will be a lot of work to do that we have lined out and laid out upon approval. We can't do all this now until we have the product out and available in the market but, I can tell you, the response in the community is going to be superb. We're really bullish about this.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And you've consistently said that you're going to give us more updates on your next gen product with Verily when you get more clarity on when G6 is coming out. Is that still your approach? And when might we see more about that system in terms of form and function?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, the first Verily system is a derivative G6. It has a G6 sensor, and it has the same hardware that the G6 system has. It is a 14-day use. We have plans over time to take our 10-day G6 out to 14 days as well. And so a lot of that is going to be inter-connected. Once we get G6 approved and get through all of our discussions with the FDA and no calibrations, we'll immediately go back there and say, okay, here's our plan to get to 14 days with the new system and go from there. But activity thus far is finalizing the design, validating and verifying the system, and making sure it works properly are going on as we speak. Everybody is very busy with the first Verily system and our 14-day version of G6. While at the same time, I'm asking them to work overtime to do the G6 launch. So we're busy here with all that stuff, and you will hear more as the year goes on.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Go ahead with your question.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Hi, guys. I was wondering if you could highlight what direct-to-patient initiatives we should see from you guys this year. And will you look to increase your sales force this year?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: The sales force, we're not looking to increase the U.S. commercial force this year. There are some geographies overseas where we will increase our sales force. We have a couple of direct market opportunities where we will increase our presence, but it's not huge hires. We did a German expansion late in 2017, and that force is up in the 20s now in Germany. So that's a good-sized group there. As far as our DTC campaigns, again, we're very focused on different age groups. We have messages for parents and kids. We have messages for adults. We have messages for our seniors. We will ramp that effort up significantly with the G6 launch, but I can't give you all of the details because then I'd be letting the cat out of the bag. So I'll stop.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then, Kevin, you mentioned some app enhancements with what sounds like some more alerts and alarms, flexibility for patients. Can you talk a little bit more about that, what that means for patients?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is very cool. There are two things that are in the new app, and kudos to our team for getting this out. We went when we got non-adjunctive, based on several discussions, we decided that it was bad to over-ride, to not have the thing alarm all the time on your phone. So we overrode the mute button. And I had an attorney come in here one day, explain to me that while he was doing closing arguments with a jury, his alarm on his phone would not stop. And, please, will you fix this. And we got, in all candor, we got 80% positive feedback on the mute override, but 20% negative. We now have a feature in the app where you can, I think, it's called the app will run as the phone runs. So you turn that on and it's going to run just like the phone does. And it will mirror the phone. With respect to the alerts and the alarms, we call them flexible alerts, a flexible alert schedule. So if you're a patient during the day, if you want your high or low alerts to be at one level, you can set them. And then when you go to bed at night time, and one of the feedbacks we got from our patients for example, they might set their low alert a little higher while they're sleeping than they would during the day because they'd want to be woken up if they're turning on low very quickly. They also might set the high alert even higher because they don't want to have to wake up if they go above 250 while they're sleeping. So what we're going to do is give patients the flexibility to set an alert schedule that goes more with their lifestyle. There's another alarm in the G6 system coming out that is a predictive low glucose event that will, patients will be able to use. And that will basically give them 20 minutes warning, I think 20 minutes or 30 minutes, before they hit the low 55 threshold  rather than waiting until they get down below a specific number, which we've got feedback in our studies has been very useful and very well-accepted with patients. So this app format is going to give us a lot of flexibility in the future to give patients the features they want. And these, all three of these features, are things that patients have asked for. So we are responding to what people really need.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford. Jayson, you can go ahead with your question.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks, and good afternoon. I just wanted to follow up on a comment earlier, Kevin, on new payer contracts associated with G6. Is this something that you'll have in place upon approval? Or will this, these, will there be a bit of a delay here before these payer contracts are in place?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It all varies payer to payer. We have some relationships where we can go immediately. We have others where we have to put a new contract in place with the 10-day device. Undoubtedly, we'll have to have pricing discussions. So I would imagine we're going to want to get in front of every payer anyway because this system is such a step-up from what we've had before. We want to increase access and making it available to more patients. So the way I look at it is we're going to make this as big event as possible, and I want to get in front of all of them. I don't want to just get in front of a few. All of our launches have been like this. You know we went from G4 to G5, and we suddenly had four transmitters a year instead of two transmitters a year. And with seven plus we had one transmitter a year, and then to two. All of this stuff does take time to go through our system, but we're pretty experienced with it, and we definitely have a valid plan as to who we're going to call and when and how we're going to get out there. All those steps are being outlined as we speak.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And just following up on Medicare and kind of the use of the app. Is this dynamic slowing adoption? And should we look at it as this constraint is lifted, should we look for an acceleration in your Medicare business?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I don't know that it's necessarily slowing adoption. I certainly would love the opportunity to market the connectivity feature of Medicare and be able to go to the senior community and say if you have diabetes and you suffer from hypoglycemia unawareness, your caretakers can now follow you and find out. We can't say that right now. I would love to be able to say that message in my own personal gut feel is that certainly would enhance our ability to market to Medicare patients. But I have nothing quantitatively to build on that, other than my own thoughts.
Operator: And we have no more questions at this time. And I'll hand the call back to Kevin for closing comments.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, thanks, everybody, for participating today. As we wrap up our discussion on 2017, I'd really like to celebrate a few of our accomplishments this year and how hard everybody worked to achieve them. You know we initiated a launch as a direct supplier into the Medicare community with a completely different reimbursement model than we've ever had before. And trust me this has been a huge undertaking, all the while continuing to drive our U.S. commercial growth, and manage our current patient base. Our international growth exceeded our expectations and really demonstrated a return on the expansion efforts that we've carried out over the past two years in a very competitive environment. We achieved a whole bunch of milestones on other key initiatives as well, including our data platform with its API infrastructure that we're now offering to potential software partners, expanded manufacturing in our new Arizona facility. This should be up and running in 2018. We plan for our future and execute it at the same time. And finally, our early success in developing a non-intensive strategy. We believe we're very well setup for success in 2018 and our expectations here are always high. Especially with this new product launch coming that's going to be the biggest ever that we've ever had. There may be variables in play, but at the end of the day, the CGM market stands to grow significantly in coming years. And as I look at the market space and my other takeaway from ATTD that I told everybody, I can truly see a day when we can eliminate finger sticks and improve access and expand awareness for these devices. And as the leader in real-time CGM with our product offerings and our pipeline, we're going to be able to lead this category to the standard-of-care in diabetes treatment. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc. Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc. Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co. Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc. Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc. Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom third quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. My name is Adrien, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. And I'll now turn the call over to Matt Dolan, Vice President, Corporate Development. Matt Dolan, you may begin.
Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Adrien. And welcome to DexCom's third quarter 2017 Earnings Call. With us today are Kevin Sayer, DexCom's President and CEO; Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development; and Quentin Blackford, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will begin with our prepared remarks and then open the call up for your questions. At that time, we will limit analysts to one question and one follow-up so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. I will begin with our Safe Harbor statement and then pass the call over to Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs, and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP net loss and cash based operating results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I will begin the call with an overview and then hand it over to the team for their comments on our financial results. I would like to start by publicly welcoming Quentin to our executive management team. He's already been a big contributor to DexCom and we're looking forward to the next leg of our journey together. DexCom continues to shine with revenues up 24% through the first three quarters of the year. We remain significantly under-penetrated in the intensive diabetes marketplace and the number of covered lives that we have access to has doubled since last year. From an overall business perspective, our financial picture has never been better. Gross margins are within our targets. Our expenses are scaling as anticipated. The business is generating cash and we continue to make key investments for our future. Our U.S. business continues to see adoption across the intensive population where approximately 2/3 of our new patient additions are on multiple daily injections. We continue to believe that CGM should be the first blind device in the management of diabetes regardless of a patient's insulin delivery preference. Internationally, DexCom adoption accelerated again with several markets driving overall growth of greater than 80%. Our strategy outside the U.S. is working even in the face of increased competition. We remain disciplined in driving our value proposition through the clinical benefits of real-time CGM, particularly as we see improving reimbursement in these markets In the U.S., the team has been working aggressively to fulfill the significant demand we have seen from the Medicare population. As we told you on our last call, early in the third quarter, the billing codes for CGM became effective. And we are now servicing and submitting claims for our Medicare patients. I'm pleased to tell you that these early submissions have gone well. In Q3, between our direct and distributor efforts, we estimate that we shipped to more than 4,000 Medicare customers and continue to have a strong Medicare pipeline totaling close to 20,000 patients. This Medicare rollout is an unprecedented opportunity for DexCom, but it's also been a significant drag on our commercial organization. Patients have simply been waiting too long. To our Medicare patients, please trust me, we have heard you loud and clear. And for this reason, our first priority for the rest of the year is to get the product to you. Finally, we submitted our G6 PMA with the FDA as committed to at the end of the third quarter. Since then, we have had several interactions with the Agency. In addition to the once per day calibration system we submitted, we believe we have a regulatory pathway to launch a no calibration, real-time system sometime before the end of 2018. I will dig into this on our product pipeline plan shortly. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve for a review of our financials. Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported record revenue of $185 million for the third quarter of 2017 compared to $149 million for the same quarter in 2016, a $36 million or 24% increase. Sequentially, revenue was up 8%. As Kevin mentioned, we began processing our Medicare-eligible patients in the third quarter. The revenue contribution remained relatively small, but considering the monthly subscription model established by CMS as compared to our commercial business where we generate higher upfront revenues, we expect contribution from this population to steadily increase over the next several quarters. Of note, our early metrics are positive both approvals and reorder have been strong. While we're still early in our Medicare ramp, we see significant demand from the field and are optimistic about our commercial team's ability to execute from here. Our third quarter gross profit was $127 million, generating a gross margin of 69% compared to a gross margin of 68% for the same quarter in the prior year. We remain comfortable with our full year gross margin outlook. As you saw in our press release, our product mix was within our normal historical range at approximately 70% sensors and 30% hardware. Average sensor pricing again came in just under $70 due to the strength of our international business where we have a larger percentage of revenue running through our distributors at a lower ASP. Operating expenses totaled $128 million for Q3 compared to $120 million in Q3 of 2016, reflecting an increase of 7% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially. Overall, operating expenses were well controlled relative to our top line growth and we continued to invest in our key initiatives including DTC marketing campaigns, OUS expansion and product innovation. Our GAAP net loss was $2 million or $0.02 per share. Excluding a non-cash tax benefit related to our convertible notes, non-GAAP net loss was $3.1 million or $0.04 per share. Absent approximately $30 million in non-cash charges, primarily share-based compensation and non-cash interest expense, and excluding the tax benefit mentioned above, our non-GAAP cash-based net income was $27 million. We ended the third quarter with $526 million in cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet compared to $124 million at the end of 2016. Our increased cash balance was driven by cash flow from operations and our convertible debt offering earlier this year, offset by higher CapEx primarily associated with our manufacturing infrastructure build-out. With respect to the balance of 2017, we have narrowed our expectations and now expect global revenue in 2017 to come in at the low end of our guidance range. This would be consistent with our mid-teens sequential growth last year from Q3 to Q4. As we've discussed, the timing of our Medicare ramp in Q4 creates variability in the revenue contribution from this patient base. Finally, the amount of competitive noise in our marketplace and the uncertainty surrounding several of our partners warrants a bit of conservatism. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Quentin for some additional commentary. Quentin?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. Having been in the CFO seat for two months to the day and having witnessed several market changing dynamics, I can say that I have never been more excited about the opportunities ahead of us here at DexCom. Our CGM technology has applicability far beyond my original assumptions and has tremendous upside to our current penetration levels. Beyond the commercial opportunities of the DexCom technology, one of the aspects that attracted me to DexCom was my belief that there were numerous opportunities to identify and drive efficiencies in our cost structure. Those beliefs are now convictions as I have had the opportunity to get into the details and better understand the existing cost structure. For example, we're in the very early stages of standing (09:34) up our manufacturing facility in Mesa, Arizona, which weighs on operating margins today and will continue through 2018, but then become a meaningful lever for us well into the future. A large component of our product cost today is manufacturing overhead. As a result, a good portion of our product cost will remain relatively fixed as we scale into the future and the benefits of incremental volume through the plant will drive meaningful cost reductions. Further, the ability to automate a large part of our processes will lead to further efficiencies translating to cost improvements and enabling meaningful scale at a lower cost. From an operating expense perspective, we have multiple levers within our G&A spend profile where we have hundreds of basis points of improvement, which can be accomplished with automation and scalability initiatives that we'll begin to implement gradually. Further, similar opportunities exist within our sales and marketing profile where we can become more efficient without impacting our customer experience. The multitude of opportunities to address in our cost structure become a meaningful enabler of our ability to continue to out-innovate our competitors and aggressively capture new customers in these rapidly evolving markets. As we continue to introduce a more disciplined approach to capital deployment across the company, you'll hear more from us with respect to our plans to deliver an improved profit profile with meaningful free cash flow generation over time. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Quentin. Well, as you all know, the diabetes industry is never boring. I will discuss our current market dynamics momentarily, but I would like to begin by affirming our long-term positioning. In our core intensive diabetes markets around the world, CGM remains less than 10% penetrated. We remain committed to best-in-class performance, increased patient convenience, enhanced connectivity, data analytics, and lower cost platforms. Beyond our intensive strategy, our product initiatives will drive a number of business model innovations for the non-intensive population that we believe will fundamentally shift how we serve these patients. In our U.S. business, the commercial pipeline is as strong as it's ever been, even with the Medicare challenges of the past nine months. We are making strides working through our Medicare backlog and Steve gave you those metrics. Given the progress we saw in the quarter, we are doing everything we can to get this backlog taken care of by the end of the year. To add a little more color on our international markets, of course, Germany has been very strong, but our growth has been broad-based. Our commercial investments are paying off, with revenue roughly doubling in nearly all of our direct geographies. It's also worth noting that with our receiver optional configuration, more international patients are choosing to go direct to their phones and not purchasing a receiver. By driving down the upfront cost of CGM, we are seeing a very nice uptick in demand. Later in the third quarter, the FDA approved Abbott's FreeStyle Libre flash glucose monitoring system. We always believed the FDA would approve this system. And while we understand why it has been labeled as CGM, it is not real-time CGM. The benefits of real-time CGM are clear, reliable accuracy, actionable alerts and alarms, and connectivity will all drive clinical outcomes in the intensive world and will deliver value in all applicable markets. Overall, there's a very positive conclusion here for DexCom. We believe the pathway is clearly paved for sensors to replace fingersticks, and we're going to take this opportunity to move faster. Please remember, we have been competing against Libre outside the U.S. for three years and our growth there has accelerated for the fifth consecutive quarter. Our focus on driving reimbursement based on a differentiated value proposition for real-time continuous glucose monitoring is resonating with payers around the world. Many international payers have recognized that flash-based systems are not equivalent to real-time CGM and have created different reimbursement categories for each. Early signs in the U.S. suggest that payers feel the same way. We also know that many of our new international patients have transitioned from Libre to DexCom because of these important differences. Ultimately, this is a very, very large and very under-penetrated market. Last month J&J Animas announced it is finally exiting the pump business in the U.S. J&J announced this change in direction back in January and Animas' contribution to our new patient additions has been minimal for some time. At this point, although this decision will ultimately be a drag on our patient base, we view it as manageable. Now for a pipeline update. Turning to our product pipeline, we submitted our G6 PMA to the FDA at the end of the third quarter. Based on our review of the data, the G6 platform takes real-time CGM sensor performance to the next level, especially in terms of its improvements in stability and consistency over an extended period of time. It also carries important ease of use enhancements including a new applicator and smaller form factor. We know patients will be excited by the reliability and convenience of this system. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, since our filing, we have been in regular communication with the FDA. And while it is early, we believe we have a path to bring the first real-time no calibration sensor to market before the end of 2018. We will continue discussions with the FDA to bring this important advancement to the diabetes community. On the app and wearables front, the number of DexCom customers using their mobile phones is rising steadily with the availability of both iOS and Android systems. Patients want to share their data with loved ones and DexCom's connectivity provides that very important capability. We are also leveraging our connectivity to provide patient CGM data on alternative displays like the Apple Watch and Android Wear devices. We also recently announced our efforts with Fitbit to provide a display on their new smartwatch. Our open API platform went live during Q3 and received a great response. Within our insulin delivery partners, development of DexCom integrated systems are making progress. Insulet has shown tremendous dedication to our partnership and our teams are working hard to bring our connected systems to market. Once launched, we see a number of differentiating features in our combined systems including an attractive form factor and opportunities for a smartphone connectivity. In the meantime, we have embarked on a few commercial activities together and will continue to work with Insulet to deliver attractive options for our shared patients. Tandem recently launched its G5 sensor augmented pump, representing the first insulin pump system that carries a non-adjunctive sensor claim. And because Tandem's pump offering is field upgradeable, patients won't be locked into a legacy technology and will be able to use enhancements as soon as they are available. Shifting to our non-intensive strategy, we are making good progress with our pilot programs and will expand our efforts in 2018. We look to complete development of our first-generation CGM system with Verily in the first half of next year. The timing of its commercial launch will be dependent upon the outcome and timing of our no calibration regulatory strategy. The DexCom and Verily R&D teams are also beginning to accelerate effort on the smaller, less expensive second-generation system. Our early experience continues to show the value of real-time connected CGM outside of the insulin intensive diabetes population. Real-time data is intuitive and allows patients and caregivers to quickly optimize drug therapies and behavior. In conclusion, the DexCom team continues to deliver in 2017 and we have a number of positive catalysts as we look forward to next year. Medicare will become a key contributor. Our OUS momentum should remain very, very strong. Product innovation in 2018 promises to be the most remarkable year in DexCom's history and we have tremendous opportunities to continue to improve our financial results going forward. With that, I'd now like to open up the call to Q&A. But before Q&A, I'm going to turn it back over to Matt to go over the ground rules again. Thanks, everyone. Matt?
Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin. As a reminder, we ask our audience to limit themselves to only one question and one follow-up. Adrien, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Can we just start, Kevin, talking a little bit about the U.S. market in this quarter? I think you talked about in our conference, given the Medicare push, there were some distraction amongst some of the U.S. sales force, Kevin. So just the trends you're seeing in the U.S. marketplace this quarter and how you expect it to trend into the balance of the year? And I had a quick follow-up.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. Thanks. With respect to the U.S. market, the noise that you talked about from the Medicare push has been very real. Each of us has been out in the field over the past  literally in the past month and ridden around and frequently we walk into a physician's office with our sales rep and get handed a list. Here's my Medicare patients. When you take care of them, we'll give you some more. And so it has been a bit of a difficult issue for our field team, but now that we've learned how to process these things. And we've got  we think we're over the initial hurdles. We can start getting these patients out the door. Our U.S. commercial pipeline is still very robust and very large. Our digital marketing program continues to generate a large number of leads and we're getting a good number of leads from the field as well. It's just a matter of execution right now and we need to push through this. But Medicare has had a big impact on us. There's no question.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Kevin, just you talked to some of this in your prepared remarks and I appreciate that. But it sounds like your strategy going forward is going to continue to  as it relates to competition, price to value and not compete on price. So just want to have you kind of walk through that. And have you thought about the pharmacy benefit channel? And is it more important now for the company to start approaching payers more proactively to start talking about these differences between real-time CGM and CGM? And then I'll jump back in queue. Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you. A couple of thoughts here. First of all, with respect to pricing, as we've been competitive in Europe with Libre for quite some time, we've been able to maintain a higher price level than them because of the additional features of our product, because of the actionable alerts, the alarms, the continuous data, the connectivity, the ability to share data, all the things that really make our system unique and have a great benefit to our intensively managed patients. And we will continue to emphasize those features as we go forward. With respect to the distribution channel, we pushed hard on the pharmacy benefit channel for quite some time, and of all our initiatives, this has very much been an uphill battle. We'll win one. We lose one. Medicare is in the DME channel, so that's where we're focusing a lot of our distribution efforts right now. With respect to the long-term and with respect to cost and pricing and everything, please understand, we've had cost reduction initiatives in place for a long, long time, and those things are going to start hitting. Quentin talked about increased volumes reducing overhead. Longer sensor wear, longer sensor labeling certainly reduces our cost per day. We have electronics configurations on the horizon that will come very quickly that are orders of magnitude cheaper than the ones that we make now. We've had cost reduction plans in place for a long time. And as you look out three, four years, then we have our Verily disposable products coming, which really have aggressive cost targets, and we hit them, we can compete that way as well. For today, for our intensive world, we're going to stick to value, and we are going to go about it that way. Over time, we're prepared for whatever direction the market takes us.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: David, I think one other comment on pricing that should not be lost on people has to do with a real world  like what we view as a real world per day cost for the product, right, because while on its label we're a 7-day label at around $70 a sensor, so $10 a day, people get nervous when they hear Abbott talking. You hear Abbott talking $4 or $5 a day. But in reality, if a patient is wearing a sensor for 12 days or 14 days, our per day price on a sensor, in reality, the revenue per patient is how we really look at it, the revenue per patient per day is a lot closer to where Abbott is in Europe, and frankly, where we think Abbott's going to come in, in the U.S. So that's an important thing that analysts and investors frankly shouldn't be lost on.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Kevin, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're seeing some early signs that payers are seeing a difference between real-time CGM and obviously the Libre product. I was wondering if you could flesh that out a little bit and maybe talk about what you're hearing from U.S. commercial payers between your product and Libre over time as well.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Steve. I'll take that one. A couple of things. It's somewhat anecdotal at this point, but there was a call hosted by one of your competitors a few  maybe a few weeks ago that had a couple of payers. And that was kind of the general theme, that this is not CGM. It shouldn't be priced as the same category. We've seen it in Europe. I mean, Germany is a great example where we certainly receive a premium price on an annualized basis versus the Libre. We're starting to hear the same thing just anecdotally from physicians and from physicians who frankly have influence over the payers. So we'll have to wait and see how it plays out. I think Abbott's path to reimbursement is going to take some time. It's not something that they're just going to flip the switch and have reimbursement overnight. So we'll see how it plays out. But the initial indications is that there's certainly differentiation among the premium priced product that we offer.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. That's helpful, Steve. And I know we've gone out and talked to plenty of endocrinologists and diabetologists. And I would love to hear what maybe you're hearing in the field. If Abbott would get pharmacy access, obviously that makes it much easier for the docs to prescribe a Libre over a DexCom system. Just what would your strategy be if there's a big move to pharmacy for Libre versus your product staying in largely in the DME channel at this point.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, quite honestly, it would be nice if somebody else would go somewhere first instead of us. We've been first everywhere here. So if, in fact, there's a big push to pharmacy and we can get acceptable reimbursement rates there, we'd be happy to follow. With respect to DME in general, like I said Medicare has put our product in the DME category. And several payers have told us, as we pushed for pharmacy benefit, that CGM is a DME product, regardless of how we want to put it in pharmacies. So it has been an uphill fight for us. If they get pharmacy coverage with payers, certainly we will take the opportunity to follow if that simplifies distribution and we can generate the type of gross profits that are acceptable to us. In the meantime, we can still sell DME. And while distribution channel does make it easier for people to get product, ultimately for people who have this condition, the most important thing is the product that they use and the features that it offers and the benefits it provides. And we believe we went out that way.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Mike, your line is open.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you hear me? I apologize.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. We can hear you, Mike.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sorry. I'm still at PCT (26:15) and on my cell phone, so I apologize. So let me just circle back on the updated guidance for the year. So this quarter, obviously, OUS business had a great quarter. The U.S. business grew 16%. Your guidance for the year seems to imply that you think the U.S. business grows at a similar rate in the fourth quarter. Am I reading that correctly? Basically you think the U.S. business grows at about that 16% rate in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, that's fair.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, I want to make sure I understand, Kevin, your thoughts and plans for Verily. Well, let me step back. So I want to understand your thoughts and plans for G6 and no calibration. It sounded like you were saying by the end of the year, next year that you would need to get an initial approval for one calibration and make a supplement on that for no calibration. So, A, did I understand that correctly? And then, B, the timing of Verily Gen 1 is unclear at this point because it may be influenced by what happens with G6.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That piece is correct, Mike. The way we look at this, and understand, we just completed the largest CGM study that the FDA has ever seen. We have match payers, almost 30,000 match payers in this study to YSI. There's all sorts of data here. And people have seen what our no calibration G6 data looks like at numerous seminars over the past several months. As we looked at the results of that trial and we looked at that data, we felt the product is accurate enough to go no calibration now. And we've had open discussions with the FDA about how we would do that. Now, the PMA is on file, and we have discussed three or four alternatives with the FDA with respect to how we do that. And one of them is the one you outlined to whereby we get the one calibration a day product approved and then file a supplement on top of that. We're discussing a couple of other alternatives with them as well and I really don't want to give the whole playbook here because it's all very tentative. Our first priority is to get a product to our patients with no calibration that serves the current patient base and can meet the cost profile that they're looking for. That's our G6 system as it is now with the reusable transmitter. Once we get through that filing, then the first Verily product becomes a priority. That product's a disposable transmitter and will be thrown away. We have decisions to make, for example, about 14-day life versus 10 days and things of that nature that we'll make as we go through these processes. The second-generation Verily product will come after that. And we're accelerating work on that product rapidly because that is our product with the most aggressive cost targets and really with the size and usability that we think our patients want ultimately. And that is a very, very  it's going very well. It is a very aggressive timeframe and we need to work on that, too. So we've got several things lined up in the pipeline, but they're all dependent upon decisions we'll make over the next six months. But I can tell you, by the time we're out of the first quarter, we'll know exactly what's happening. We wouldn't say we were comfortable with the no calibration G6 sensor if we weren't. We're very comfortable we have it. (29:24)
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And maybe just one more. I don't know if I can sneak in it. You didn't give a full update on reimbursement in Germany. So can you do that in terms of where you are as well as any progress with other geographies? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. We have reimbursement now I think from 43% of the payers, have direct contract relationships with 43% of the payers now and are about to knock off another one of the big ones, which I think puts us up over...
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Over 50%.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, way up over 50%. And the other ones approve it on a use-by-use basis. We're not having any trouble getting people to pay for product in Germany. It's going very well.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. It's actually covered lives.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Covered lives.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: That's what we committed to by the end of the year was to have north of 50% of covered lives under commercial contract.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just to clarify, would you launch G6 with a one cal system or are you waiting for the no cal?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That remains to be seen, Jayson. We'll see what happens as we head down the path.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Let me just add a little bit to that.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Sure.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We need a new product in the U.S. The G5 is wonderful with its connectivity. We've added Android. We've added things around it, but the fact is, our guys need something new to sell. We're going to launch something new next year. And if the fastest path to get something new is that, we'll pursue it. We would prefer to go to no calibrations directly, but we will do whatever is most efficacious and whatever we can work through with the FDA.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Kevin. And then as my question, I guess, in terms of Medicare, it seems like you're progressing well here. At what point do you get more aggressive with the advertising?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We've just started trickling it out a little bit. We've not gotten too aggressive yet, but we have started a little bit out there. That's a very good question. One of the nice things about Medicare is we don't have the seasonality of deductibles that we have in our other commercial business in the U.S. I think we'll start pushing harder in the fourth quarter and very much early on in the year next year.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions. Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. So I appreciate the additional color at the beginning of the call as far as the patient demographics. It sounded like two-thirds of the underlying patient base in the commercial sector are MDI. Just wondered if you could give us a little bit more color as far as how you think about the rest of the mix? Maybe break down as far as adults versus peds? And then, potentially, what type of exposure you may have to Animas pumps in particular?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. I mean, we've never given a real breakdown on a quarterly basis of adults versus pediatric adds. What we've said in the past, and it holds true, is that peds have been trending nicely. Out of the gate, peds were obviously a huge contributor when we got that approval a couple years ago. But I would tell you today peds are roughly tracking  they typically track about the estimates of whatever we think the peds represent in the U.S. As far as Animas, though, peds is an important aspect of Animas, the Animas shutdown. A couple things. Kevin mentioned in his prepared remarks that new patient contribution from Animas has been basically zero for a pretty long period of time, so it isn't going to impact new patient additions. From a shutdown perspective for existing Animas patients, Animas does do quite well. It's well known. Animas does well in the pediatric segment. And so to the extent, Medtronic has access to those patients, they wouldn't have access  in theory, shouldn't have access to the pediatric patients because they're not labeled. The 670G is not labeled for pediatric use. I would also add on the Animas front. Well, people chose an Animas pump for a reason. They chose an Animas pump with DexCom connectivity because it's a superior sensor, right. To the extent, Medtronic is able to fix their sensor manufacturing challenges and actually supply sensors at some point in the future, patients have opted for a far superior sensor with the DexCom technology. So when we say it's manageable, that's what we're thinking. I mean, Insulet's running an aggressive program to target those patients. Tandem is running a program as well. So this isn't something that we're going to lose a whole bunch of patients overnight. To the extent, we could have some at risk, but we think it's manageable.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. I really appreciate that additional color. And then just, obviously, I think the approval with Libre and the label it got caught a lot of people by surprise. I just wanted to see if you could step back and give us a little color on how you think the FDA is just evaluating the risk benefit of CGM in flash products overall from a high level. And it sounds like you guys have moved around or at least evaluating the pipeline. But just high level thoughts as far as how you guys think about the future regulatory pathways for some of these products.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I think the regulatory pathways, I can tell you we're going to be more aggressive. If I could take one learning away from the whole experience and labeling there, I think we're going to push ourselves to do better and to move faster. We need to. And we went through a year and a half timeframe working on that non-injunctive claim because it was the first they had ever done and the first they had ever seen, and it's great. We got it. But it literally slowed us down for about a year and a half to work through all that data and all that processing and the panel meeting and all of that stuff. I think, moving forward, we can go much more aggressively. I think the statement I made earlier in the call is very applicable. After the shock and surprise, we sat back and said you know what? We really can replace fingersticks. Fingersticks can go away now. We can make devices that can replace them across the board and we'll work with the Agency to make those devices. What we are focused on and what we'd encourage the community to focus on, we need to make sure these devices are good, we need to make sure these devices are safe and these devices meet patient needs. We can't have devices where you get into some of the fiascos we've gotten into with fingersticks, for example, where you have accuracy across the board products out there. We need to make sure that the devices do what they claim they're going to do and provide the patients the benefit that they need. But I think it's a new day for us and I think we'll make everybody happy with the pipeline we have coming.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Two questions. First, on CMS, you said you expect to clear the remainder of backlog by the end of the year. Could you give us some more details on how the billing process is working today and are you ready to really open this up? Or are you still working through just some of the ramp and inefficiencies there? And then the second question is on FDA. Based on everything we've talked about in terms of the evolving environment, what's the outlook for you removing the current requirement in the U.S. to sell a receiver to all new patients? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: With respect to the receiver requirement, that really is going to require additional filing for us. And the thing that we're concerned about or contemplating there as we do that, we don't want to mess up our Medicare label, which requires for receiver to have DME coverage. So we have to balance those two things and we will do that. With respect to CMS and the Medicare patient backlog, we have made some progress. There are 20,000 patients we said in the pipeline. I also said we're hopeful we get through the whole backlog. Again, we need to meet the demands of our commercial patients in the pipeline in addition to servicing those. So it's going to be a balancing act, but we need to take care of these people. And with respect to our billing experiences so far, we've been paid quite regularly on claims. The reorder history for those actually eligible for reorders has been solid. It's been very good. But it is still very different than our regular patients. I mean, I had a five email exchange with a Medicare patient last year because the birth date that he gave his doctor is not the birth date in his Medicare record. And he can't believe that we were so stupid that we couldn't get that processed and finally we figured it out. And this was somebody that was acquainted with a dear friend of mine from the past. So, I got involved and I had a look into the life of our inside salespeople. And I wanted to walk over there and thank them and apologize for what they're going through. But this is what's happening and this is how it works and we just need to learn what the rules are and play by them. We hope to get through that whole pipeline and get them shipped. But as the guy said earlier, again, on a Medicare patient, that first billing is only $500 versus our commercial patients that are $1,500 on average with $2, $3 (38:30) of sensors, two transmitters and a receiver. So we don't get the same amount of revenue, but it is probably more paperwork. So it's a balance. We need to take care of these patients and honor our commitments here, and we will do so as best we can. But that's kind of how it plays out and that's a big factor as we look at Q4 going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what changes in the manufacturing process for a no calibration G6. And depending upon what that change is, do you expect the same level of yield with a no calibration product as you're getting with the current product?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I'm not going to go into all those details right now. Our manufacturing processes are pretty solid as it is. This does not require a major change, or I wouldn't be telling you we'd pursue this as aggressively as we are. We're very comfortable with the procedures we have in place that we can get there. So more to come later.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's fine. And then just curious, when you look at Europe and where you're competing directly head to head with Libre in the European markets where there is currently CGM coverage, what are you seeing from a competitive perspective? Is Libre really more of a market expander or do you feel like you're competing really directly head to head with them? I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of what to expect here in the U.S. where CGM is well covered, so they don't have the benefit from a largely cash pay market that they've had in Europe. Because you look at their install base and they have hundreds of thousands of patients, obviously your install base is much less than that. Maybe give us some color on why that's the case.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, in those markets where we go head to head, again, we're up over 80% year-over-year. And I can go through a couple of the geographies. In Australia, for example, where there's government approved reimbursement, we have over 70% market share in CGM for what the government is paying for and we're classified as CGM there, compete with them directly. In the UK, Abbott announced a Libre improvement there, but we're reimbursed under a completely different system in the UK. We're more than double in the UK what we were a year ago. Canada, our business  we've gone direct in Canada. Our business again has more than doubled in Canada. And I think it's almost to a different audience than what we've done. The products are appealing to different people. In the Nordics, where it's a tender process and everything is paid for kind of from the overall general budget, one of the things that's been very successful is our campaign to eliminate the receiver from the original purchase. By taking that large amount of money out upfront, patients could look at that and say, okay, I can get into the CGM technology easier than I could before. And we're getting a lot of new patients in the Nordics who are former Libre users. And that market, while it hasn't doubled like the others, because it was our biggest market before, we're still experiencing accelerated growth there from where we were a year ago. Italy is the same thing. Our Italian distributor is doing very well. Reimbursement for CGM that excludes flash glucose monitoring has come through in a couple geographies and we've been very successful in those areas. So it's been a real good year over in Europe. And I just want to remind you all, two years ago, we had three employees there. And this is a big move for us and it's been very successful so far. And our team has worked really, really hard to get where we need to be. But we're appealing to a different group of people, I guess, is what I would say and we're going about as fast as we can to be honest with you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. First question for me is, given the success that you've seen out of Libre, given their simpler form factor, why wouldn't you launch a similar product on the market? Is it specific market indicators that you're looking for that would make you want to launch that? And if you were to do it, how long would it take?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You know what? We certainly could take our technology down a level if we wanted to. For now, we need to finish what we've started. And no calibration G6 system with the performance and accuracy that we have combined with the sharing and connectivity and the ability to get your data where you want to, we think is the product that best serves our current patient base and those that we call on now. As far as future product offerings, again, take a look at what we talked about with our Verily systems, low-cost disposable transmitters. They certainly will be very, very competitive, in fact, have features far beyond what Libre offers by a long ways. And those would be the products that we'd look to compete with against that versus our current system. We think this ultimately bifurcates into two different paths, and we're very prepared and are very ready to go down that path.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then in terms of your hiring plans, now that you're up against the two big players in the marketplace, I know you've known that they're going to come online for a while, but has this changed structurally what you think you need from a market presence perspective? And will this have any impact on your advertising budget as we look out over the next year or two? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I think we'll  if anything  and we're in the middle of the planning process right now, so I'm probably speaking a little bit out of turn. I think we'll stay very aggressive on the marketing and advertising campaign, particularly our digital efforts will continue to be there. As far as field expansion, I think we'll give that some more thought. They're going through their field plan right now and developing all their models. And we'll evaluate the payback from field presence versus marketing dollars. And that's an exercise that actually Quentin gets to lead us through because he's been through this several times before and it's really good to have a new set of eyes questioning the return we get on the different investments we make. So we're evaluating that now. We'll give you more guidance after the first of the year.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: But, Margaret, the one thing I would add to that is when you look at the cost structure here, there's plenty of opportunity for us to be more efficient and thoughtful with respect to how we deploy our capital, which means, as we get more efficient in some of these areas, we redirect it into these things that really move the needle and it doesn't become a net reduction to the overall investment or an increase in the investments that we have to make. They balance each other out, but much better directed or well directed.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt O'Brien from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Good afternoon. This is J. P. on for Matt. I wanted to ask a question about just kind of when you're going through the whole Medicare process? And how important from that side of the field was it that you guys had these alerts and the alarms, given that there's a much higher incident of hypo unawareness? Just trying to really gauge your thoughts on Libre's access there, eventually.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, we certainly believe that hypo unawareness is one of the key factors in a Medicare patient choosing to use a continuous glucose monitor and we provide actionable alerts and alarms. I might even add the G6 system has a predictive low glucose alert that will predict when you're going low in addition to the heart alert that has performed very well in our studies and been extremely accurate. We think patients will migrate to that and they will want it, but only time will tell. But that'll certainly be what we push and that'll certainly be our message.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. And then, I'm not sure, what was the exact facts that pushed you to the lower end of the guidance? There was a handful of things, but was it more one thing over the other, was it Medicare, was it competitive noise?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, I mean, as we kind of mentioned in the prepared remarks, look, with the competitive noise out there, some uncertainty around a couple of our commercial integrated pump partners, combined with some of the distraction and even frankly the near-term revenue contribution, the up-front revenue contribution from Medicare, warrant some being conservative at this point.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Good afternoon. I wonder if I could just maybe ask one question. When you came into this year, you talked about adding, I think, 70,000 patients. Obviously, there's been a lot of changes with Medicare and the competitive landscape. And so, one, are you still comfortable with that level of new patient additions this year? And then, when you think about 2018, again, with all the puts and takes with competition mostly, how do you think about that patient number? Are you expecting a high rate of attrition in your customer base? Do you still expect to add a fair amount of patients next year? Just any thoughts on that complexion would be really helpful, I think.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're looking into the crystal ball, as you speak, and I don't have all the answers. With respect to the 70,000 net new patient adds, certainly with the growth we've experienced in Europe and adding Medicare patients, we're comfortable that we're going to add that many new patients. The flip side of that argument is, for example, the Medicare patients are all coming back weighted in the fourth quarter, so they're not going to contribute that much to the revenue. Hence, you have a new patient number that grows faster than our revenue numbers do in general. The second thing to consider is even with all the new patient adds outside of Germany where reimbursement is very, very strong, in most of our European entities, we go through distributors and our pricing is a bit lower, so the revenue per patient from those new patient adds hasn't been as high. And that kind of reconciles the revenue number versus the new patient adds. But we have done well on new patients this year. With respect to attrition and retention, we'll give a little more color on that as we come out the first of the year with our remarks and guidance for next year. The one thing I would tell you that we've learned as we've studied and looked at this is as we go deeper into these markets and we attract more patients. It's a little bit different than the old days when the people who bought our device were people who really depended on it for life. Now we get customers who call up and say, hey, I hear this thing talks to the phone. Sounds cool. Can I get one? And then, the thought of using that CGM all the time is a little bit different value proposition than what they're used to. So what we're seeing with some of our new patients is a different utilization pattern. They might use it for two months and take a month off. We're seeing more variability and we're learning to live with that. We're great with that. We think it's fine. We want all those people, but we don't want to overshoot. So we'll give you more guidance on that at the end of the year.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: No. That's helpful. And maybe just sort of a follow-up, though. I guess one of the concerns on the headlines when Libre hit, and obviously the label that they received, was that somehow was going to pull away a lot of your patients, right. And certainly we haven't seen that in Europe or other places. But do you expect that is going to happen? And when you look out into 2018, do you expect you could still going to add a fair number of patients on a net basis next year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We absolutely do expect we're going to add a fair amount of net new patients next year. There's no question, our market is still under-penetrated. We still have a lot of reimbursement, a lot of places to go internationally. We're going to add patients. We still have Medicare patients to add next year. That market has just begun. We absolutely think we'll add net new patients. We do not see our patients running away to go use the other product. If you'd recall last year on this earnings call, we were answering the same question. They were all going to go away for 670G, and it doesn't appear that they have. So we will stick to it and we'll push our folks. We expect to continue to add new patients and grow the business. And remember, as I said on those remarks, more innovation next year than any year in our history. We haven't had anything new to push in the United States for quite a while other than connectivity, but that applicator looks the same way it did in 2006. It works lovely, but it's kind of scary. And if you read the blogs and the patients' comments, man, I got my new DexCom, but I don't know if I want to push that plunger. That problem's gone when we launched G6. It's pushing a button and the ease of use of this product and the lower profile, the consistency of the sensor, this is going to give our guys a fabulous story to tell in the field, and they need one. We owe them one and we're going to give it to them.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good evening, and thank you for taking the question. I just want to make sure I have my head around the timing of G6. You're talking about several different pathways, but then you're also talking about it being at the end of next year. Is there a pathway by which it might be earlier in the year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Joanne, there's a bunch of pathways that we're looking at. As I said, we've been given clear direction and clear guidance in our meetings with the FDA that we think we can get G6 to no calibration that we would launch before the end of the year. Our launch decision on that product will be greatly dependent upon our further discussions with the Agency. If it appears we have a path that we can get to sooner by going straight to no calibrations and sooner pick a date before the 1st of September or something like that, we might go direct there. We also have the option if we wanted to stick with the one calibration a day and go with that one, we can. We have a lot of balls up in the air with the Agency on G6 and they're all good. And it's all good because of the reliability and accuracy and performance of that system. We just wanted to let everybody know that we will have a no calibration system out relatively soon and it's what patients want. And we will meet that need with real-time CGM.
Joanne K. Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I think that's incredibly clear right now. So thank you for that. Just as a follow-up or as my second question, I would anticipate that Libre is going to undergo a fair amount of direct-to-consumer campaigning. Do you have a similar expectation? And if so, how do you plan on countering it or not countering that type of approach? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You know what? We don't have Abbott's dollars to spend on television ads, so we will look and see how that goes. Our commercial guys and our direct-to-consumer campaigns have been really good for the amount of money that we spent and we'll put in place actions to counteract that. Trust me, if I gave the guys all the money they ask for, we'd go head-to-head, but we have a balance sheet and a P&L to balance as well. Ultimately, if it creates more awareness for CGM and once people find out what they're not getting with Libre, it might be our best advertising campaign ever.
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Joanne, I think, Germany is a fantastic example of that, right, where awareness has been created, and ultimately, patients find their way to the best technology in the marketplace. And Germany has shown that time after time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I was hoping you could clarify two earlier points when you were talking about some of the dynamics outside the U.S. Firstly, could you help us put a finer point on the reimbursement differentials that you're seeing between your technology, given the additional features and flash monitors? And then, you've referenced a couple times on calls that you're converting patients from Libre. Could you help quantify how many patients you're converting?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I really can't quantify that number. We don't have that sitting in a statistical bin somewhere. We certainly hear the stories as we go out in the field and in our foreign offices, and so we do know that it happens. I don't have that number handy. As far as reimbursement differences, that varies widely geography to geography. In some places, it's 25%, 30%, in other places, it's significantly higher. And so it really depends upon the reimbursement agency that we're dealing with.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then I just wanted to clarify something in the U.S. with your strategy. This is the first quarter, I guess, that we haven't seen a large amount of growth in the Medicare pipeline. I'm assuming you're taking your foot off the gas a little bit there because it's just taking some time to get through the backlog. Is that right? And you can kind of step back on the gas next year once you've gotten through the people that are waiting?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Actually, we never put our foot on the gas. The pipeline that we created has come simply because the approval and people looking at our web page. We'll put our foot on the gas later this quarter and certainly early in 2018.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. So first, maybe since you didn't call it out, I assume it's probably not much of an impact. But anything related to the hurricanes and ability to get product to your customers?
Quentin Blackford - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, it's not something that  I don't believe had a material impact on the quarter. Certainly, it had somewhat of an impact and the revenue number would have been higher, but it's hard to quantify exactly what that is. I will tell you those are two regions in the U.S. that happen to be stronger regions for us, but the exact number, we're not going to put out there.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I would also add that our field sales force, and frankly, even our third-party distributors, our DME distributors, really went above and beyond to help get patients product when they needed it. So kudos to them.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah. And then just so I can understand the G6 products that might be coming out next year. I mean is there a major difference between a no calibration and a one times a day calibration just from a product standpoint? I mean, can it just be a calibration optional and the data that you had shown previously, wasn't that just all on the same system whether you calibrate it once or no times?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: No, Tao, that's exactly right. With the G6 Sensor it's the same configuration mechanically and the membranes and stuff on the sensor are the same. What changes is the software. And that's what we have to work through is how we configure that software for that product. And again, we have several options. We'll clarify that at year-end.
Operator: And our next question comes from Suraj Kalia from Northland Securities. Please go ahead.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So, Kevin, all of us seem to be asking the same question in different ways. And let me try a different approach. It almost seems like cost versus accuracy is a new battlefront that's going to open up. So my first question is, is $10 per day a fixed threshold that you'll look at when developing new sensors? I guess where I'm trying to head at is for the newer products coming online, how much would you all be willing to sacrifice on the $10 per day bogey without sacrificing accuracy? And the sub part of my question is, I appreciate the commentary you all made versus Libre. But let's say Suraj (58:13) comes in and XYZ comes in and they both need sensors, when you all go head to head with Libre, how do those statistics stand up in some of these countries? I understand Germany and others, the reimbursement has propped up things recently, and I can appreciate that. But I'm just trying to understand in Europe, when you'll go head to head? For the same patients coming in, what is your success rate? Thank you for taking my question.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: So I'll take the first one. As I mentioned in answer in response to a prior question, we're not getting close to $10 a day today for our sensors. So trying to compare a $10 a day sensor to a $5 a day Libre, which is pretty typical in Europe, isn't a fair comparison when you consider that patients are wearing our sensors off label and wearing them for an extended period of time. In terms of going head to head with Libre, as we mentioned, anecdotally, we're seeing patients who  when we get reimbursement, who have access to our technology, we are seeing them switch. We don't have great data on how many of them, but a full-featured CGM, when patients have access to it, is definitely a preference, particularly for an intensively managed Type 1 or intensively managed Type 2 patient. So we compete quite favorably. We'll continue to push the message of our performance, accuracy, connectivity and really try to maintain a premium price point. But trying to evaluate it as $10 of revenue per day per patient isn't the real rule today, so I wouldn't try to do that going forward.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: And I'd just add on to Steve's comments. Again, a lot of times it's what a patient is looking for and it depends on the geography. But if a patient is looking to avoid low hypoglycemia night, there's only one product they're going to pick. And if you're looking to manage child to whereby you can see the child's information from afar, there's really only one product that you can pick. Our feature set is much more robust. So it's not just a cost versus accuracy. It's a cost versus features and what a patient wants and what are the needs of that patient. As far as the future, please understand, again  and I need to emphasize this  we haven't been just sitting here thinking we're not going to take cost out of the system. We're going to. And we will be competitive on the cost front regardless of where it heads. For us, the most important thing in considering pricing is what does that do to access, because having reached to the bottom really doesn't do much for us at all. To the extent that we can really expand access and get more people access to the system, we have always been open for different pricing structures with payers and with people that we talk to. It's just that that's kind of how the business works. But we're prepared for wherever the market goes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Can you hear me now? Sorry about that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Okay, Chris.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: I had it on mute. Just two quick ones from me at this point. I just wanted to clarify, in prior discussions, you had explored the realm of possibility of maybe having a fixed shutoff. And I fully appreciate what Steve conveyed now twice in terms of your real cost per use per day really tracking closer to about that $6 level, which is an attractive premium, or I should say an attractive price point for all the added benefit and features that you get. But is that off the table at this point? Or just how do we think about maybe the fixed end of use on the sensor? And then secondly, just my last follow-up and you may have mentioned this in the prepared remarks. But did you give us an update on a smart pen development with CGM with 2/3 of your new patient starts now coming from that FDI population? Do you would think that would be even more attractive on a go-forward basis? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Good questions, Chris. With respect to the sensor shutoff situation, we're evaluating that as we speak and as we talk on our new product pipeline. Certainly, our Verily products are designed to last 14 days and the electronics isn't going to work anymore after that. The battery will be dead. We have to look at our other product platforms and make the right decisions. At some point in time, we know the accuracy of those systems isn't good anymore, and it's actually in the patient's best interest for them to be done. So we'll look at that and consult with the FDA as we look our future generation products, and we're open to both alternatives. And we haven't made any final decisions.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. And with respect to smart pen, development/integration, we've got a number of irons in the fire. Not really in a position to give an update on this call, but hope to be able to provide some additional color before the end of this year or early part of next year.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Appreciate you taking the questions
Operator: And the next question comes from Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Hi, guys. I was wondering if you guys have an early read on adoption among Type 2 patients among the Medicare population since the beginning of the rollout. And can you update us on how you see the potential for expansion into the intensive insulin Type 2 patient population commercially as well?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Go ahead, Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. I was going to say, I anticipated this question and checked with our commercial team. And quite frankly, we've not done a great job with the initial bolus of patients at capturing Type 1 versus Type 2. But our guess is that the vast majority at this point are Type 1.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. We haven't pushed that yet. I think word of mouth and getting the product out there is going to be key to reaching those patients over time. We certainly have clinical data with our DIaMonD study that shows with intensive insulin using Type 2 patients that CGM definitely provides a benefit. Again, we just need to get our pipeline serviced and then we'll turn on the faucet and go after those guys.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then, Kevin, you mentioned during Q&A, you guys have some electronic enhancements on the horizon that can significantly reduce cost. It sounded like that was outside of the Verily product pathway. Is that right? And can you flesh out that opportunity a little bit more?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It is actually stuff that has been designed by our people in-house. We did launch a new receiver this quarter. And while the actual cost profile on it to build it isn't any higher, we believe the warranty return rates on it will be much less significant. And that will ultimately save us costs. We have a new transmitter coming in the G6 configuration, not with what we filed, but coming not far after we launch. This electronics have been designed with us and one of our partners that costs, again, a lot less to manufacture and much more efficient automated manufacturing processes that we can push into that product as well. And literally, everything we do, we have three pillars, every product that we make, we have to continue to have performance, you've got to take out costs, and you've got to increase patient convenience and compliance. Anything we start has to answer those three questions or we shut it down. So everything we're looking at answers all three of those.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer for final remarks
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I just want to make sure it's not lost on everybody: We had an amazing quarter. The biggest quarter in DexCom's history. You look at the cash we generated from operations, look at the management of our expenses, look at the gross profit line and gross margin lines hitting the targets that we've established. The company had a wonderful quarter and everybody here should be congratulated. There really has never been a better time to be in our industry than we are now and our confidence in our new pipeline to deliver the systems we know patients want has never been higher. We'll continue to innovate. We'll continue to drive our business. We'll continue to grow. We'll continue to take new approaches to attack this wonderful opportunity to serve patients who really need this technology across the board. Thanks, and have great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc. Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co. Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc. Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Karen, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Matt Dolan, Vice President of Corporate Development. Mr. Dolan, you may begin.
Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Karen, and welcome to DexCom's second quarter 2017 earnings call. With us today is Kevin Sayer, DexCom's President and CEO; Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development; and Kevin Sun, our Vice President of Finance and Interim CFO. We will begin with our prepared remarks and then open the call up for your questions. At that time, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up, so we can provide an opportunity for everyone participating today. I'll begin with our Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our non-GAAP cash-based operating results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin Sayer.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. The first half of 2017 has been very positive for DexCom. Our revenues have grown 23% year-to-date, and we remain on track with our full-year targets. More and more people with diabetes are adopting CGM that is the primary tool to manage their condition, especially as we've seen a substantial uptick in the number of covered lives worldwide in the past 12 months. The CGM First message is being broadcast not only by DexCom, but by a growing proportion of the clinical community, as the body of evidence supporting the value of CGM continues to build. This was the clear takeaway for DexCom leaving the American Diabetes Association Meeting, the biggest diabetes conference of the year, which was held in our hometown of San Diego during the second quarter. The second key takeaway was that DexCom CGM platform continues to generate market-leading performance. Additional presentations from studies like DIaMonD and GOLD reaffirm that DexCom CGM systems can drive significant clinical outcomes in both MDI and on patients. We left ADA with the strength and belief that CGM will represent the standard of care in intensive diabetes management over time regardless of age or choice of insulin therapy by the patients. Our U.S. business is being driven by these dynamics where an estimated two-thirds of our new patient additions were using multiple daily injections and approximately one-third were on insulin pump therapy. This is consistent with our first quarter results and aligns with the underlying mix in the U.S. Type 1 market. We continue to educate clinicians and patients about the benefits of making DexCom CGM the first tool prescribed for people with diabetes, and it is working. Patient adoption in our international markets has also been robust with our U.S. revenue growing more than 50% in the first six months of the year. We are seeing solid growth across Europe led by Germany and the Nordic countries. To us, this validates our strategy to focus on our commercial efforts on geographies where we have coverage for CGM. It is in these markets that patient adoption is rapidly accelerating. Turning to Medicare, since receiving the CMS ruling in January, we've taken several important steps toward beginning to provide therapeutic CGM devices to Medicare eligible patients in the United States, including receiving a local coverage decision and establishing a fingerstick supplier partnership. As of July 1, there are specific therapeutic CGM billing codes, eliminating the need for DexCom and our distributors to use miscellaneous codes to try and obtain reimbursement from Medicare patients. Although, we did not generate any material revenue for Medicare patients in the first half of the year, I am pleased to tell you that in recent weeks we have begun shipping our first Medicare bundles. I will provide more color on our Medicare rollout momentarily. Finally, during the quarter, we successfully raised $400 million at convertible senior notes with favorable financial terms. Although, DexCom had already been in a strong financial position, we continue to see multiple growth opportunities ahead of us both in the intensive and non-intensive diabetes markets. This capital infusion provides us with greater flexibility to leverage our CGM market leadership across the number of key initiatives, including the expansion of our manufacturing capacity to meet anticipated demand, growth and development in key international markets, support for our Medicare rollout, and our efforts to make CGM an integral tool in the non-intensive diabetes market. We believe our strengthened balance sheet better aligns our capital structure with the opportunities we see in front of us. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve for a review of our financials, after which I will provide a business update.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Before I dive into the numbers, I would like to make our audience aware of an addition to our reporting as of the second quarter to help with your models. Specifically, we are providing more detail on our revenue performance, including a geographic breakdown of U.S. versus OUS and as well as revenue by category divided into our sensor consumables, transmitters, receivers and other revenue. For comparison purposes, we've posted figures for these revenue categories on a quarterly basis back to the first quarter of 2016. You can find this historical data in a supplemental document on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now, back to the second quarter discussion. DexCom reported revenue of $171 million for the second quarter of 2017 compared to $137 million for the same quarter in 2016, a $33 million or 24% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q2 was up approximately 20%. This result was consistent with our expectations as the U.S. business typically rebounds from the Q1 seasonality we experienced due to resetting insurance deductibles. In addition, as we stated on our last earnings call, because of the January CMS ruling, we were again prohibited by law in Q2 from billing our existing cash pay Medicare eligible patients. We've also seen another good uptick in our international business and remain optimistic about our OUS growth prospects. Our second quarter gross profit was $118 million generating a gross margin of 69%, compared to a gross profit of $86 million and a gross margin of 62% for the same quarter in the prior year. We do remind investors that in Q2 of 2016, we took a $3.5 million inventory write-down which negatively impacted our gross margin in that period. Our gross margin rebounded year-over-year and sequentially due to an improvement in our warranty rate, primarily within our receiver lines. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profit. Our mix between durable and consumable products was within our normal historical range in Q2 at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. On the durable side, we note that receiver sales continue to be less significant component of our overall revenue as patients increasingly rely on their smartphones. As anticipated, the ASP for our hardware has remained stable and average sensor pricing came in at around $70. Finally, our international business showed continued year-over-year growth generating $30 million in revenue during the quarter, up 69% from last year and 14% sequentially. This now represents 17% of our total revenue. Research and development expense totaled $45 million for Q2 of 2017, compared to $36 million in Q2 of 2016 and down approximately 6% sequentially. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $86 million in Q2 of 2017 compared to $69 million during the same quarter in 2016, with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our field sales and customer support organizations, including support for the initial phase of the Medicare launch, as well as a ramp in our patient-focused marketing expenses and our OUS expansion. SG&A was flat sequentially due to the absence of share-vesting payroll tax expenses and one-time charges that we incurred in the first quarter. Our GAAP net income was $3 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter of 2017, which included a $17 million non-cash tax benefit related to the issuance of our senior convertible notes in May. Excluding the non-cash tax benefit, non-GAAP net loss was $14 million or $0.16 per share for the second quarter of 2017. Absent $37 million in non-cash charges, primarily share-based compensation and non-cash interest expense and excluding the tax benefit, our non-GAAP cash-based net income was $23 million for Q2. We ended the second quarter with $497 million in cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet, versus $124 million at the end of 2016. During the quarter, we raised $400 million in gross proceeds from our convertible notes offering and paid down the $75 million outstanding on our $200 million credit facility. With respect to 2017 guidance, we continue to expect global revenue of $710 million to $740 million. And for Q3, we anticipate a mid to high-single digit increase sequentially, roughly consistent with 2016. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. At the midyear point, DexCom has made great progress, and we expect our global priorities will drive continued strong growth through year-end and beyond. In the U.S., our total new patient pipeline continues to be robust and obviously our launch into the Medicare population is at the forefront of our commercial efforts. We had originally planned to leverage our existing distributors in an effort to accelerate our ability to service Medicare customers. However, this advantage was diminished by the administrative complexities we outlined during our last earnings call. As a result, we made the decision to build a direct capability to service Medicare patients and our utilization of distributors will therefore be more limited. Last month, we initiated our first shipments of the therapeutic CGM bundle to an initial group of Medicare eligible patients. The timing of our Medicare rollout is tracking with expectations, and we are working through the implementation process to ensure we put the right pieces in place to support the billing and fulfillment activities. This is a complicated endeavor and will take time to scale up. Assuming our initial reimbursement claims are successfully adjudicated, we will roll out our Medicare program more aggressively over the course of the second half of the year. The response to Medicare coverage in the field continues to be amazing, and our expanded field team is attempting to manage the significant demand we've experienced along with customer expectations. By the end of the second quarter, we had approximately 20,000 new Medicare eligible patients in our pipeline; and we remind you that we have not yet started to promote availability to this segment of the population. Beyond Medicare, as I stated earlier, new patient opportunities remain strong. New MDI patients are driving our U.S. growth in patient additions. Consistent with our first quarter, we have seen continued weakness in new patient additions from pump patients. We believe this is primarily driven by the various challenges encountered by two of our commercial pump partners in recent quarters. Despite this, we believe interconnected diabetes management systems with both pumps and smart pens are an important component of diabetes care in the long term. We have a number of promising strategic partnerships in progress that will deliver highly differentiated DexCom-enabled solutions. Outside the U.S., our year-over-year growth once again accelerated sequentially, fuelled by broader reimbursement in Germany, as well as continued strength in Europe and growth in our direct channels in the UK and Canada. Globally, we still expect to exit 2017, with an installed base at or above approximately 270,000 patients worldwide as we communicated earlier this year. With respect to our product pipeline, we continue to have regular interactions with the FDA. Our G6 pivotal study is complete, and we plan to submit our PMA by the end of the third quarter. As we have referenced in a number of our recent updates, because of the progress we are making on our G6 submission, we have assessed our launch timing for the new applicator configuration with G5 compared to a full G6 launch and have made the decision to withdraw our FDA filing for the new insertion system in the G5 configuration. The gap between the launch of this G5 configuration and G6 continues to narrow, reaching a point where the operational strain associated with launching a new applicator and sensor platform less than a year apart no longer makes strategic sense. We remain very excited about bringing G6 to the marketplace not only by delivering this new applicator and form factor to patients, but also because of G6's improved performance and feature set. On the app front, we launched our Android platform in the U.S. during the second quarter. Our user numbers are rising steadily, and so far it has been well received by our customers. With the availability of DexCom CGM on a number of iOS and Android handsets, more and more patients are choosing to use their phones to view and share their CGM data. Turning to our non-intensive strategy, based upon our research to-date, we believe a highly accurate, real-time, calibration-free disposable sensor system offered at a lower cost, will change the way Type 2 patients can be managed. We continue to make progress with our first-generation device to serve this market in our collaboration with Verily. Right now, our regulatory team is very focused on the G6 submission. And because G6 is a sensor platform that drives the first Verily device, we will give you a more detailed update on the timing of that device on our next call following the G6 submission. As the development of our first-generation Verily product is beginning to mature, we have shifted significant resources to the second-generation system. Beyond our product development efforts, we are also formulating our commercial strategy for the non-intensive diabetes market. Our early experience further supports that DexCom CGM is intuitive to patients and has the potential to deliver significant value to the healthcare system. As we have stated previously, we anticipate a new business model for the non-intensive market and have seen early interests from prospective payers, providers and employers. We will continue to update you on our non-intensive strategy as we make progress towards commercialization. I would like to finish with an update on our CFO search. In conjunction with our earnings release, today we announced that Quentin Blackford has been appointed DexCom's next Chief Financial Officer, beginning in September. Many of you will be familiar with Quentin from his previous role as CFO at NuVasive, where he played a key role in driving the company during a phase of aggressive global growth and improvements in profitability. We look forward to welcoming him into the DexCom family in September. I would also like to acknowledge the excellent performance by our Interim CFO, Kevin Sun, and the rest of the finance team who stepped up during this transition phase and will continue to play an important role in our organization. To wrap things up, I am very happy with the meaningful progress DexCom has made through the first half of 2017. Globally, we are on track to achieve our major goals for the year, all while making significant headway on the Medicare launch. The message leaving this year's ADA meeting was extremely clear: CGM will become the standard of care and DexCom CGM has set the performance standard for the industry. As we make our systems more convenient and easier to use, we believe we are only scratching the surface of our CGM opportunity. I would like to thank our team as we work tirelessly to capitalize on the potential we see in front of us, both in the intensive and non-intensive markets. We are all driven by the impact we know our CGM technology has on people with diabetes. And we are energized by the many recent positive milestones we have achieved, so that we can make DexCom CGM available to a much larger number of patients worldwide. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. Let me start with two questions. One, on your Medicare bundles in terms of where you are on being able to deliver in large volumes to Medicare patients and how many you think you'd be able to get to by the end of the year. And then, second, on Germany specifically where obviously you'd be able to make progress this quarter, where are you on the percentage of the market that is now covered? Are you at 50%? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Hi. This is Kevin. I'll take that one. On the Medicare side, we have just started shipping bundles in the past  last two weeks of July. And quite honestly, Mike, we haven't been paid for any of the bundles that we shipped yet, so we're moving a little cautiously. Once we get going, we think we can process this quickly and move on. We will use some distributors in this process, but we're projecting right now to process the bulk of it directly. I can't give you a number as to how many we'll do by year-end. We're optimistic we can meet most of the demand and push it out. And we will hire the people and make the investments necessary to do so. We're not going to let a customer opportunity go away. We just need to get the processes down before we go add bunch of bodies running around not really sure how to do this. But we are learning as we go. On the Germany side, we don't have 50% yet. We're very close to the two big contracts we talked about last quarter. What is happening in Germany as we grow is, where we don't have an official contract, we're still getting payment after filling out more paper work and doing a little extra. I think those bigger contracts, we're hopeful to land those in the very near future. We haven't been quite as quick as we wanted, but again we're still making progress and doing very well there. So we'll stick with what we have.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So it sounds like, Kevin, just on the Medicare contribution this year, obviously Medicare aged patients were a negative to your first half performance. It sounds like still with where you are on the ability to fill and get paid, the contribution over the balance of the year will still be relatively modest. I would throw out they're certainly less than $10 million?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Mike, that will depend upon how quickly we can get this thing going. If we can get at these patients  certainly, in Q3, we don't see it as being a big factor, if we get this thing up and running smoothly in Q4. And as we modeled and talked about last time, the startup revenue for a Medicare patient for that first billing for that first month is going to be much less than what we get for a recurring commercial patient. So the Medicare play is a longer term end of subscription model that we have built. But we think it could contribute more than $10 million in Q4, but I can't give you a number yet. I'd see what we can get fulfilled.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question, I'll let others jump in. The third quarter commentary would seem to set a relatively low bar. You talked about mid to high-single digit sequential growth effectively in line with what you saw last year. Just recall that last year you did have the recall and you had the lost receiver revenue. So the comparison to last year, shouldn't that be a relatively easy comparison and shouldn't we be thinking about something that maybe a little bit better than mid to high-single digit sequentially?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No, I mean a couple of things. If you look over the past several years, the trends are fairly similar, right? We see some slowdown during the summer months both in Europe and in the U.S., so new patient additions aren't as robust. We've got the Medicare issue that, as we mentioned, is rolling out a little slower. And look, we decided to break out components of hardware just to, what you guys know, that receivers are becoming a much smaller component of the overall hardware mix anyway. So I don't know that the receiver, even as of last year, was not a significant contributor. So I don't think we're sandbagging in anyway. I mean the historical trend suggests that Q1 to Q2 sequential up is usually pretty good, it's a little flatter going to Q3 and then we get the big bump in Q4. So I don't think there's much more to it.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks so much. A few quick questions here. Steve, just following up on Mike's question on the guidance and Kevin's commentary on Medicare in the fourth quarter. So your third quarter guidance kind of implies similar growth trends to the second quarter this year. Are you still confident you can get to the upper end of the 25% to 30% for the year? And is the way to think about that, it's all about Medicare frankly. Because my sense is, if we do over 30% in the fourth quarter, you do sort of the low end of 25% to 30%. If Kevin's right and you see $10 million plus in the fourth quarter, you could certainly get close to the mid to upper half of the range. So at this point, does it all kind of come down to Medicare traction in the fourth quarter?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: This is Kevin. I'll take that. Certainly, some piece of it does, particularly as you get to the upper end of the range, which is why we kept the range where it was. We think that the Medicare will help. I'd give another perspective on the Medicare side. While it is a help in the fourth quarter quite frankly for the first couple of quarters, it's made our lives much more difficult. As you go out into an office and visit with a physician, many of our executives  we've gone out on trips and we hear a very similar theme, team, go and get my Medicare patients taking care of and I'll give you more. So while it is a long-term accelerator, it's been a short-term disruptor and it will put us in a better place. So, David, you've got all those things factoring against each other, and that's why we kept our year-end guidance where it is. We always have a much bigger fourth quarter with ordering patterns from our existing patients and new patients as they get reimbursed and get through the end of their deductibles. We don't see that changing. And you add all those factors and that's why we're looking at it the way that we do.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And maybe just two more quick ones. Kevin, a strategic one for you on just Medicare. I think filling direct is the right strategic move for the company clearly. Initially, you talked about Medicare patient per month revenues of kind of $250, maybe $2,800, $3,000 for the year. Now that you're going direct, can you just talk to us about just very generally how you think about those revenues on a per annum  annual per patient basis? And how you think their profitability relates relative to third-party payers now that you sort of are direct, but you also have the bundle?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The gross margins will not be as good with the Medicare patients, we've talked about that before, because we have the bundle where we have to add the strips and the other supplies. And as we've said earlier, we're accepting the Medicare pricing. We'd like to get better. But it is what it is and we'll take it. We're hoping that if we can develop an efficient process that maybe the operating margins on the Medicare patients will become lower, because this will be something routine and we can just do it in lockstep. The other thing as we look forward to the future in all candor, as you get to a G6 system, for example, that's a 10-day approved sensor; now we're down to three sensors a month instead of four. And we're hopeful we can have the same fixed monthly charge. So we've designed our systems in the future to being very successful in this type of environment, assuming we can keep the monthly charge at a reasonable level. So future, I think we're very fine with this model. I think there'll be a little pain upfront with patients as we add them, because you're getting data receiver, the Medicare price for the receiver in that first selling is like $250 and that's not a whole lot of our cost. So margin there won't be great and you get a transmitter with your first bundle. But you'll be getting billed again the recurring amount. Then in month two, there is no transmitter; month three, there is no transmitter. So in the early phases, profitability will be pretty tough, but over time we think it will be fine. And it's our job, quite frankly, to get the cost of the devices down to whereby we can make money there, and we will.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Maybe I'll (26:47) just quickly jump in one last one, I'll jump back in queue. But, Steve, the highlight for us obviously this quarter was the international business was very strong and Germany has not sort of fully kicked in yet. So can you just give us a sense relative to the first quarter some of the factors that contributed to that strong report here in the international markets? You talked about some pricing experiments in the first quarter, but just sort of what drove the strength during the second? Thanks so much.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, obviously it's reimbursement, right? It wasn't just Germany. I mean, as Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks, the Nordics have done quite well, where there is robust reimbursement, but the UK has done well, Canada has done well. We've quickly moved into a leadership position in Australia. What I would tell you is in the markets where we have robust reimbursement, we're competing quite favorably against any other potential competitors out there. And so, we're even seeing, take Abbott in particular, in the markets where we're paid for, we're seeing quite a few Abbott customers shifting over to the DexCom platform. So it's really nothing more than superior performance. We've already said and then our clinical data clearly demonstrates that our sensors are just much more accurate than anything else available on the market. And that resonates with patients, particularly when they're receiving reimbursement.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Kevin, wondering when might you know when those initial CMS claims are adjudicated cleanly. Is that something we should get some clarity on that over the next few weeks, is that something you would openly discuss then as we try to fill that model? And then, SG&A levels have been holding kind of around 50% for the last six quarters or so, give or take a little bit I guess. But as you go the direct model in CMS, where should we be thinking about those SG&A levels going maybe over the next 12 to 18 months?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, let's start with your expense equations. As we've looked at our direct costs for going to Medicare, we've modeled that out and we hope that our overall percentage will increase very much. Because as we continue to grow revenue, we do have money we can continue to invest on the SG&A side. And a lot of that will be done on billing at the Medicare platform in doing that. But we can update you on that further. Now, and I'm suffering from amnesia, your first question, Jeff?
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just on when those initial claims potentially get adjudicated cleanly and when will you report...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I can tell you, I walk down to Kevin Sun's office pretty much every morning and say if we got paid yet. So we're out a few weeks on the first one and we're not even three weeks on the first ones. And once we get that first adjudication and find out, then we'll hopefully kick it up a little bit. But these will be the first thing we ever paid with the CGM code through the Medicare system. So it'll be a big deal for us. We won't issue a press release or anything, but we'll inform you guys how long it's taking and how it's going on in the next earnings call.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Thank you. And then my follow-up question just on  you made some pump comments about two of the pump companies out there that are obviously struggling a bit at this point. Between those two companies and with the Bigfoot news, I guess my question is, where do you think, your pump relationships need to go? Or is it getting to a point where maybe you need to go with some exclusive arrangements, you need to do something to tie in some of these other pump players more tightly to your business on a go-forward basis, just as that pot maybe dwindles a little bit of different pump companies out there? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Steve, I'll take that. So still of the mindset that we don't believe we'll need to own a pond, as we mentioned to you in the last couple quarters, where two-thirds of our new patient additions have been MDI patients. And so, particularly outside of the U.S., the MDI patient population is where our biggest source of growth will come in. Let's take a couple of pump partners. Animas hasn't been adding a significant number of patients. Tandem, besides from their potential financial woes is doing reasonably well in terms of new patient additions. But keep in mind, the vast majority of pumps that Tandem is selling today are the X2 pump, which is the appropriate pump for them to be selling, because as soon as we receive FDA approval for the X2 G5, we'll be able to upgrade those patients immediately and they can become Gen 5 patients. Then, as Tandem moves down the path to a PLGS system and ultimately to a hybrid-closed loop system, those patients will be able to retain the same hardware and field upgrade through software changes, field upgrade their pumps to accommodate new and better technology. So we're going about it the right way. It just resulted in a couple quarters of softer competitions on our end from Tandem. We also are seeing great additions from Insulet. I think Insulet has been the big winner here. We continue to move forward on the development side with Insulet. I think we're making great progress there. And as Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks, there are number of other initiatives that we have ongoing that frankly we can't disclose yet. And hopefully within the next six to nine months, we'll be able to have some more to tell you about some of the other things we're working on. So it's not a time to jump into the pump business by any stretch. I think we've got the right relationships in place and we're just going to keep pushing forward.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: And just one thing, I'd add, Jeff, to your comment. We consider unique relationships of these partners going forward and something that we have yet done, yeah, we would. If it benefits the patient, if it help us expand the market and get more people on DexCom centers. We'll look at a number of business models going forward, and we'll look at them in very creative ways.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt O'Brien from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi, good afternoon. This is J. P. on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. I think in the prepared remarks you said that you've got one MAC who put out (32:52). So where are we with the other MACs or how many more do we need I guess, throughout the remainder of the year to get all the Medicare covered?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No. I mean, that process is done.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That is done.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: There is only the two region  there's two MACs that cover the four regions. So we're done there. From a logistics and processing perspective, it's really making sure that we're submitting claims with the appropriate paper work to support the medical policy established by the MACs. And we're running tests  as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, running some test cases and making sure that we get those processed and paid before we start to turn on the flood a little bit, because we want to make sure we're not submitting a bunch of claims that are just going to be denied by the MACs. So the pieces are all in place, now it's just kind of finalizing some of the logistics.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got you. And then, on the pipeline, you're at 20,000 new patients, up from 10,000 in Q1. Do you have any good kind of historical data of when you actually do start promoting aggressively? Is it historically when you start promoting aggressively to those patients it goes from  that doubles in size at 40,000 or even triples at 60,000. Or does your strategy need to be different with how you attack these Medicare patients from a promotional standpoint?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Our strategy for promoting to the Medicare patients will be different. We've certainly with our DTC campaigns now have directive strategies to our young population or young adult population, to adults and then the seniors, and we'll go to different markets for seniors. How quickly that will ramp remains to be seen (34:38) DTC campaigns as they initially launch obviously, they ramp faster and then some of the effect goes away and you've got to change. The most important thing for us before we launch the campaign is to fulfill the customers that we have, not only the 20,000 new, but the other several thousand that we were shipping to before and who are paying on a cash basis. So we've got a lot of work to do, and then we'll see where those promotions lead.
J. P. McKim - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good afternoon, guys, and thanks so much for taking the question. I'll try to limit it to just one and one follow-up like you guys asked. So just a question, Kevin, for you on the higher level strategy here, especially now that you know who the next CFO is going to be. As we approach the Type 2 market, you provided some color in the prepared remarks. But just wondering if you could give any more color on the go-to-market strategy there, how the business needs to change to facilitate supply for such a massive market opportunity?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The first thing we have to do, Danielle, is develop the proper model. For example, we know that all of our Type 2 patients aren't going to wear sensors 24x7, 365 days a year. So identifying how many patients wear one sensor, how many get one a quarter, how many go on a 10-week program where they learn to manage their condition better. And we're running studies to validate those assumptions and validate that model. Ultimately, some of your Type 2 diabetes can control their condition through adjusting three factors: exercise, diet and their meds. We're finding that CGM has an impact on all three. Very frequently, we find patients who when they go on CGM, a very simple example I can give you, that they just change the time they take their metformin pill. We saw one patient's average glucose in three weeks go down from 190 to 110 simply by changing the time of day they took their metformin, no change in diet or exercise. We see things like this all the time as we get on more patients. And so, we need to develop the models and figure out a way to put this into the system. You've got a number of patients who don't spend that much money on their care, so this is not going to be the revenue model for the patients that we have with our existing business. We need to make a revenue model that works with the payers as well and is easy to administrate by the clinicians. It's something that we're going to be thoughtful in developing, and our first step is to obtain a bunch of clinical data to develop the proper model. And we'll share some of that data really in 2018 as we develop these programs further, but it's going to start there. Our new CFO, we're really excited to have him. He's had a lot of medical device experience and experience on a number of fronts that we think helps round out our team and will be a great addition. So we're very excited about that too.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. And my one follow-up is just as it relates to as new products come closer to market, what you guys are seeing as far as the time to convert a patient? We've heard pump companies talk about that and I know, right now, you're the only stand-alone sensor in the market. But just as voice (38:09) around Abbott, Libre gets louder and regardless of whether the patient ultimately goes on a DexCom or a Libre or what have you, are you seeing any sort of extended conversion cycle from a patient deciding to go on CGM and ultimately making the choice of what product they go on? Or is that sort of status quo? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You know what, Danielle, I'll let Steve kick in if he wants to. We see a lot of that is dependent upon our reimbursement arrangements. If a patient has pharmacy benefit, for example, and could go to the drug store and pick it up, that conversion cycle becomes a couple of days and it becomes very quick. They require very little documentation. I think there is a direct correlation between the reimbursement criteria and the coverage criteria from the payers and the patient's ability to get on it quickly, I'd say from an overall market perspective. So now I'm going to go much bigger and much more global. Whereas in the past, our patient base in my early years here was very, very intensive people managing their diabetes, today, as we've got more DTC campaigns and we're further extending into the patient base, you've got people probably not as committed to going on CGM as the ones we got three and four years ago. That cycle may in fact be extended by them going, yeah, I saw this on TV and I've got an iPhone or I've got an Android phone now, it might be cool, but maybe, you know? So we are getting to a broader base of patients that may in fact take a little more time. But at the end of the day, it's still pretty good.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure, yeah.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. So just kind of to dovetail off of Danielle's question there, just now that we've got a few quarters of CGM adoption that's kind of in line with the broader MDI versus pump breakdown, just can you talk about any changes in or any differences in utilization or attrition in this new or more MDI patient population? And then, just from a bigger picture perspective, when we think about your new products coming to the market, you obviously talked to the FDA a lot, you've done a lot of work with G6 and it sounds like the first Verily product there. Can you just talk about where the FDA stands with respect to a factory collaborated device, as well as going directly to a smartphone as the primary receiver?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. I'll take that one on. With respect to attrition or utilization, I think those factors are relatively similar based on what we see. Again, we never encourage patients to go beyond seven days or labeling of seven days. It's a seven-day sensor, i.e., the one anecdote I can tell you is, in Germany where this is reimbursed, seven days appears to be norm, which is really good there. I think utilization and attrition again often times become a function of reimbursement. In the first quarter, since a lot of patients have bought a bunch of sensors in Q4, they will not be buying as many sensors in Q1. And over time as we look at our business models and we've gone to the phone, we learn over and over again. We'll try and develop the model to determine which patients would quit, we'll then go make a bunch of phone calls. Have you left us? No, we haven't left you. Well, we haven't seen your stuff (41:48) up in our phone service. I went back to my receiver for a while, or things like that. I think our attrition and our utilization models really, really require more development over time and it's going to be good and we'll learn it. Ultimately, if we have everybody in the phone, we'll know a lot more. With respect to the FDA and no-calibration sensors and that type of technology going straight to the phone. But in Europe we have a configuration that does go straight to the phone that doesn't demand the receiver. And the majority of our new patients in Europe, quite frankly, are not buying receivers. They are buying the transmitter and the sensors. And it's reimbursed that way in Europe, so we're doing very well with that configuration. I think over time the FDA, we could go directly to the phone and we could file that configuration and do it. For Medicare right now, since we have the receiver, we continue to sell it and have it part of the system. We have a new receiver we're launching here in the fall that will be here for the patients. And so, we'll see over time. But it does take cost out of the system and it's certainly the future we'll consider. With respect to no-calibration sensors and FDA discussions and where all that is, we've had preliminary and initial discussions. We don't have final confirmation on anything. I can tell you we will run and simulate our G6 pivotal data, the 300 plus patients, more like 340 and 30,000 matched pairs. We'll have the opportunity to keep that data and simulate it and see how a no-calibration system would perform and have discussions directly with the FDA about that and we think we can get very clear guidance. And the Verily system will be based upon that algorithm in the Gen 6 sensor and that sensor platform. So we'll have a very good indication on how that system is going to perform long before we launch it, long before we file it. And I think it's our job to be very diligent over the next couple of quarters to make sure we present data to the FDA in the best possible manner so we can get very clear rulings and guidance from them.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good afternoon. What if I could just start on the competitive landscape a bit, 670G has sort of cast a bit of a shadow over the space, at least amongst investors anyway. And they seem to be a little bit supply constrained now in being able to put sensors in the market and get patients on that device. So I guess the question is really do you think we've seen the worst of that in terms of its potential impact on your  what's your current thinking about 670G?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I think consistent with Medtronics other launches, there is a lot of noise at the beginning and there is a lot of confusion, and some of that noise and confusion have gone away. I can tell you as I talk to physicians in my personal conversations, I am hearing a very similar tune over and over again that the majority of our patients really will do very well with CGM (44:58) and that is the solution for the masses and that's where we want to be. I think if and when they (45:06) and can ship sensors, we'll have to see how it works. But we hear the same you just talked about, continued delays and continued patients not being happy, not getting the systems they've signed up and paid for. So we'll just have to play it out.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then maybe just my follow-up, we've heard recently that JDRF and Helmsley Trust are going to be embarking on a bit of an advertising campaign to drive CGM utilization. I think they've stated the goal is to double the  or get the penetration of CGM, I should say, to 50% of eligible users over the next year. I know that's a fictitious goal, but do you have any thoughts around that plan and whether it could impact your numbers?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I'm really happy that they're going to advertise for us. You know what, I hope it does impact our numbers. I've had discussions with Helmsley Trust and JDRF on the program and we're certainly happy to be involved and help any way we can. The tools we've given JDRF and Helmsley in this endeavor when you look at the DIaMonD study, you look at the GOLD study, you look at the commissary study over in Europe as well. For the first time ever, we've got a body of clinical evidence that really shows that CGM is a great benefit to patients. And if you're going to invest then really that's going to improve care in a patient's life, there is nothing better to invest in than CGM and I think they will capitalize on that messaging goal. I think we need to combine their messaging that's going to patients and healthcare providers to the payers as well. And I think it's a three-pronged approach, it's not just one or two. So we're happy to participate in that and we will take any efforts to increase awareness we're thrilled with.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, this is Ryan on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. Last quarter you noted Germany was 20% of international revenue, what was it in Q2? And as we look to the rest of 2017, is there any reason why international revenue wouldn't continue to increase sequentially?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You got that, Steve?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I don't have the number in front of me, I think it was around 25% of international this quarter. And is there any reason to think it won't continue to increase sequentially on an absolute basis? Yeah, of course, it will. We continue to grow reimbursement in Germany and other countries. There is no reason to think that international is going to continue to grow. But as we've noted directly and indirectly on the call, the U.S. business tends to do a little better in the back half of the year, particularly in Q4 as insurance deductibles are met and patients have a much easier financial means to obtain the product. So I don't know that international will continue to outpace, but it's going to continue to be a good growth driver for us.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then on G6, can you comment at all on the results of the pivotal trial? Were performance results in line with the preclinical data you've previously presented? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: To the credit of my team, they did not show me the results of the pivotal study, so I can't comment, and we wouldn't anyway. We'll submit it and then that'll be published later. But we're very confident in that system. It's great sensor technology with a very strong algorithm.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor from William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. First question from me is, I think at the beginning of the call you mentioned you were taking a look at some of the timing for the Verily first-generation product, and that's based on the G6 platform. Are you guys looking at ways to accelerate the timing of that launch, whether it's the first generation or the second generation and what kind update should we be looking for?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We are looking for ways to accelerate everything with respect to our G6 product and the first Verily launch and as we look forward to our future products. And we're looking to international strategies where we can get combination of those products out and really meet some unmet patient considerations over there. I think next quarter what you can expect is a little clear guidance from us. We need some more guidance with the agency. We need to run our data and our pivotal and see what our no-calibration data is going to look like for the Verily product and really have some good discussions with the agency. And, look, they've been nothing but cooperative with us as we reached out to them, but this is going to be a very good dataset for us to base a conversation on. We still have scale-up and engineering work to do on the first-generation Verily product. If it got approved tomorrow, we certainly could manufacture 10 million of them. But we have scale-up work to go. So there's a normal timeline here, things that would have to fall into place when we go. I think we'll just give you more clarity and talk about more of the tests and things we have been building on. I think we can talk about clinical study schedules and everything like that. And we're hoping to be able to do better in the next earnings call. So we can let you know where we are.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, you referenced the FDA's view on calibration and you talked a little bit about dosing. But in your view and in your recent discussions, are alerts and alarms and that fingerstick like accuracy that sticking point at this point in order to get that dosing plan? And then, again, in terms of calibration, have you had discussions with some of our factored calibrator devices and what do you think the FDA's view of that is today?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I'm not going to speak for them. I can talk to you about our view and my view, in particular. With respect to our intensively managed patients, we need to deliver safe experience. We were looking at  quite candidly, we had a user guide the other day and it talks about  and there's a statement right in the user guide that says when this thing is at 60 or below, the chances are 40% you're between 80 and 180 and you can't rely on this for accurate measurement in the low range. With our G5 505 Software, if our device reached 60 or below, the chances of you being above 80 are 2% to 3% and above 120 are zero. I take 2% to 3% of our 40% any day, and the FDA has already seen non-adjunctive sensors where they've given a label with that level of accuracy. So we know we're going to have to perform. I don't know if they're waiting for a fingerstick accuracy, Margaret. It'd certainly be lovely if we can get it. We know, as we run our pre-pivotals with no-calibration data, quite honestly, we actually get better performance in the first day because of the occasional outlier from a calibration at this point in time. I think the industry is going to mature. I think we need to have really robust technology and algorithms and systems with no-calibration sensors to keep patients safe. We talk with the FDA and we talk with others about is there a different class of product for non-intensively managed Type 2s. I think that type of product can develop over time as well. But we're at the very beginning on this. We're kind of at the same place we were many years ago when we first started. And we're looking forward to the challenge and I'm pretty confident we can deliver the technology to get us there. But it's going to be a process. And the FDA has been nothing but cooperative. But I think they're proceeding with caution; and that's okay, they should. It's important with these patients that they're safe.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: And if I can squeeze one more in, in terms of the patient demand trends outside of Medicare, I think you mentioned earlier that MDIs were two-thirds of your new patient adds, maybe in the first half, I assume that's true in the quarter as well. What kind of indicators are you guys looking at that can continue to drive that double-digit growth, what's there in the next few years in the MDS? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I think one thing that'll drive that double-digit growth is, we'll have systems for MDI patients where there'll be Bluetooth apps on phones where we can combine MDI data with CGM data and really give the patient a good view of their overall diabetes picture similar to what they get on the face of their insulin pump today when they have a glucose sensor. I think those will be helpful. I think from a cost perspective, in a lot of these you look at payers and what they're spending on the cost of diabetes and integrated pen solution is going to be a less expensive alternative than going on the insulin delivery systems that we have today and a CGM. So I think there is a number of ways we can drive this we need (54:12) technology and devices that will make it much more accessible and much better for the patients.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good afternoon, guys, and I appreciate you squeezing me in here at the end. Just two quick ones from me. One, maybe either Kevin or Steve, could you just remind us  I realize that as we see the growth in the Medicare opportunity that this is a script model. But are there any variances to the cadence or the order patterns that we should expect in the early penetration of that opportunity that you'd want to make sure that we're all mindful of and I realize we're still I guess pre-first inning in that regard? And then, secondly, I just want to clarify I think, Kevin, your prior response in the cost to serve or the cost to acquire those patients, saying it was essentially just a little bit above the commercial pay patient today. I just want to make sure I fully understand the puts and takes there with the incremental product you have to ship, as well as what I would assume be added hand holding their time from an administrative level? Thanks so much.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So I'll take the first part, I think it's a great question, because there are two critically important points to keep in mind about the Medicare patient. Kevin spoke to one in one of his responses which is the initial contribution from a Medicare patient, it will be substantially lower than a commercial or private payer patient, because best case we're going to get close to $500 out of the gate from a new Medicare patient based on the receiver and a first month bundle, whereas we might get $1,000 or $1,500 or more from a private payer patient depending on how many boxes of sensors their insurance company would let us ship on an initial sale. So that's when you're modeling certainly important not to get ahead of yourself on the initial contribution. But the follow-up to that is we love the model that Medicare has set forth, where it's attractively a subscription model. So this around $250 a month, once we have the systems in place, it's great, we can pick up the phone and reach out to that patient every month and figure out exactly what supplies we need and we ship them. And so, once the initial paperwork is done, once we've got them up and running over the course of a 12-month period, the Medicare patient becomes a great patient in terms of our ability to fulfill them on a more consistent basis. So I think those are the important points.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: And as far as  Hi, Chris  we know and we've done logistics settings. We know, for example, a call from a Medicare patient takes us longer to respond to than a call from a non-Medicare patient. In Arizona, where we set up our second call center and our new building, we have a Medicare call team set up ready to go with the Medicare patients. Now they are answering other calls now and dealing with folks who haven't got their systems yet and want to know when they are coming. But, ultimately, we're building a structure around this to try and figure it out. And as Steve said with the monthly cost  with the monthly opportunity to interact, we believe over time it will be a very good business model. We just got to get the systems in place. We can get our cadence down to whereby we understand how it works, and it is different than what we do today with our current patients. It really is.
Matt Dolan - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. So maybe first off, in terms of the new patient trends that you're seeing in the U.S., any general comments you can provide? I know you obviously had a good quarter here in the second quarter, but versus Q4 first quarter, how are things shaping up in the field as new patients start coming on-board?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: New patients are hitting and that's certainly a big portion of our numbers. I would tell you, on an overall basis, the amount the new patients contribute now that we have this much bigger installed base isn't as big, in the overall revenue picture, as servicing the ones that we have. Our opportunities for new patients continue to grow rapidly. We get a lot of leads. I would tell you the only thing we've seen and this is what it is. That more of our leads come from social media. In our DTC campaigns, it takes a little longer to close those than it does to close some of the ones we've gotten from physicians directly where your physician says, you're a candidate for CGM, you need this, you need to wear it versus somebody who goes online and we have to go through conversations and then call their doctor who will tell your patient who wants this system, who wants to use this system and go through that versus a patient who gets a script directly from your doctor and reaching out to us. So I'd say close time on some of those leads is a little longer and they may not be as committed to the others. So we have more opportunity than we've ever had. Our close rate is probably not as high as it used to be, but that's expected as you expand your market and do what we're doing. But new patients are good. I think the limiting factor on new patients, I've said it earlier, has been the ability of our field team to focus on new patients as they've dealt with the Medicare issues and the physicians saying I want my Medicare patient taken care of. We need to get those folks taken care of. But our team is doing well.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. And also just as a quick follow-up. Steve, you made an interesting comment in your prepared remarks where you kind of talked about the patients in Europe who initially were on Libre now transitioning to your system. What type of insight is that I guess anecdotal information providing you? How does that make you feel or how do you think about how that might impact things here in the U.S. or even internationally over time? Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I don't really want to comment on the U.S. because we still don't know if Abbott gets approved, what their labeling is going to look like, et cetera. But frankly what our field folks who, as we've gone direct in a number of these markets and even with the distributors who we're closer to, they say once reimbursement's put in place, patients, clinicians, everybody involved absolutely prefers real-time alerts and alarms and they absolutely prefer the improved accuracy of our system over what Libre is able to provide them, particularly when you look at performance accuracy, performance in the hypoglycemic range. So when Libre was competing purely on a cash basis and offering it on a per day basis, so slightly less expensive product, it was tougher. But when patients are able to get it paid for, they're becoming DexCom users.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much for taking for my question. A lot of them have already been answered. Last quarter, you had quantified, I think, it was $2.5 million of sort of a Medicare patient loss associated with the implementation of the program. Should we think a similar number happened this quarter?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure, yeah. And what we said, just to clarify for everybody, is we have several cash paying Medicare patients that was between $2 million to $3 million in Q1 and we have the same thing again in Q2. We're not billing any of these people and not collecting any money.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And should we anticipate that the headwind for the remainder of the year or just to sort of easy off as you get more paperwork and process in place.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Our goal is to get our existing patients up and running quickly and then take on the new ones as well. So we love to say, we're going to get a lot more than $2.5 million in Medicare revenues in Q3. But I really can't quantify a number today and I think we would be widely unsuccessful if we could get more than $2.5 million in Q4. So I think over time it will reverse itself and the trend will be positive.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Excellent. Congratulations on hiring Quentin. Is there something that he will be tasked with that you can explain as we think about him coming on board?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: We're excited to get him. And I think if you look at what we've done over the past couple years at our company, I believe and I firmly believe this, I'm taking away from my closing remarks, I'll take it now. I've compared us to other diabetes companies for a long time and never seen a team that's good as the one that we have here. And what we've done in the past couple of years is we've added, for example, a new HR person, a new Head of Quality, a new Head of IT. We just brought in the payer person from the pharma world. We have added really, really strong talent, because we've learned to go to the next level we need some new skills. We've been very good at diabetes and very good at what we've done, but there are other skills that these new folks have brought to the table that are going to make this a better company, combined with the excellent team that we have now, and I think Quentin will fit into our team very nicely. And yeah, I got a list for them, but I'm not going to go over it on the phone.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a couple of quick ones. The incremental cost is growing direct for Medicare, is that absorbed into the expense guidance that you laid out earlier this year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then, second, on the Type 2 market, is the DIaMonD data or even CMS willingness to cover intensive Type 2 patients had any influence with commercial payers have been potentially getting broader coverage for Type 2s?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're just starting to write that story now, but we hope that it does.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions. Turning it back over to you, Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, a lot of the things I was going to say in my close we covered it all. I'll just hit the key points anyway. Three takeaways from this call that you should all remember: our international growth has been really strong and has really confirmed what we always knew, CGM is going to be a worldwide solution, it's not just going to be domestic, example after example, coming where we're doing very well. In Italy, we're growing nicely. In Israel, we're doing very well. As Steve talked about earlier, in Australia, reimbursement came out early this year and in four months we've already become the dominant player there with the wonderful distributor. Our international investments were well timed and are paying off. And in spite of our international success, the U.S. is still where more than 80% of our business remains and it's still a great opportunity. And remember, while we talk about all this Medicare implementation difficulties, the fact is we've gained access to 30% more Type 1 patients in the U.S. than we had before. And for the first time with a very large market we have access to Type 2 intensive insulin users. We will continue to drive awareness. I think our marketing campaign is very good there. But we're going to be making big investments in access as well. We need to get more patients covered and more lives covered. As we look at our international successes and what we have here that's important to us. And finally, I just want to remind everybody, we're built for the long haul here at DexCom. Our R&D investments are going to pay tremendous dividends. Our product focus on reduced costs, increased adherence and convenience. And, finally, continued world-leading performance will get us where we needed to be. Glucose Monitoring is a product categories and its infant stages and we intend to go far beyond the markets where we play today and our strategies are taking shape. Think about what we're talking about: the new factory we put us in Arizona are 180,000 square feet; our relationship with Verily to bring literally telecom technology and microelectronics to diabetes; our thoughtful approach to our new markets in our Type 2 efforts; our strengthened balance sheet with our $400 million in cash we just raised and even more capacity for debt if we had a great opportunity; and by the strength of this management team that we continue to build. This opportunity remains exceptional and it's got a lot of legs. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Danielle, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. Mr. Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Danielle, and welcome everyone to DexCom's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. We'll start with our Safe Harbor statement from Steve Pacelli.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development; and Kevin Sun, our Vice President of Finance and Interim CFO. Before Steve dives into a more detailed financial update, let me highlight a number of recent positive developments here at DexCom since our last call only two months ago. First, in terms our sales performance, the quarter came in consistent with our expectations with revenue growing 22% over the first quarter in 2016. Our CGM First message continues to resonate. Again, in Q1 of this year, new multiple daily injection or MDI patients drove our growth that represented the majority of our new U.S. patient additions estimated at just above two-thirds of our new patients for the quarter. Second, as we discussed on our last call, we received a non-adjunctive indication from the Food and Drug Administration near the end of 2016, making DexCom G5 Mobile, the only CGM system approved for therapeutic decision-making. Shortly after FDA's decision, Medicare issued a positive ruling for therapeutic CGM. And then late in Q1, we received additional coverage details from the regional MACs confirming that all people with diabetes on intensive insulin therapy will be covered under this ruling. This includes people with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. We have always believed that all intensively managed patients should have access to CGM regardless of age, and we hope to leverage the Medicare coverage criteria to our commercial relationships. So far, patient interest has been outstanding. We currently have over 10,000 perspective new Medicare patient opportunities in our pipeline and this is before we have even started promoting Medicare availability. We commend CMS on this decision. And while we are still early in establishing the framework to serve these patients in a streamlined manner, we are excited to begin rolling this out to seniors who we believe will benefit tremendously from this technology. I will provide more on timing later. And finally, we're beginning to see good initial uptick in Germany following our positive reimbursement decision there last year. Although we're still early in adoption curve, Germany helped fuel 37% O-U.S. growth in Q1. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a review of our financials, after which, I will expand on these accomplishments and provide a general business update. Steve?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $142 million for the first quarter of 2017 compared to $116 million for the same quarter in 2016, a $26 million or 22% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q1 was down approximately 17%. This reflects the seasonality we have experienced in the past several years, as our U.S. patients face resetting insurance deductibles at the beginning of the calendar year. In addition, because of the January CMS ruling, we're prohibited by law from balance billing our existing cash-pay Medicare eligible patients, which we estimate accounted for approximately $2 million to $3 million in lost sales during the quarter. As Kevin mentioned, there is a lot of excitement around the CMS ruling and our sales channel is experiencing a significant amount of noise in the field, which has not yet translated into revenue. During Q1, we also saw a good uptick in our international business. This led to a slightly lower global sensor ASP to a greater mix of distributor revenue outside of the U.S. Finally, we saw new weaker  weaker new patient additions from our pump partners, which Kevin will touch on later. Our first quarter gross profit was $94 million, generating a gross margin of 66% compared to a gross profit of $75 million and a gross margin of 65% for the same quarter in the prior year. Our gross margin came in slightly below our anticipated range for the quarter due to a few factors. Obviously, gross margin was impacted by seasonally lower first quarter sales and slightly lower sensor ASPs. Our hardware sales mix continues to shift toward our G5 Mobile transmitter, which has a shorter useful life and a lower ASP. And our warranty expense rate has stabilized, but continues to run above historical levels exceeding 3% in Q1. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profit. Our mix between durable and consumable products was within our normal historical range in Q1 at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. The ASP for our hardware has remained stable and average sensor pricing came in slightly below $70, again due to geographic and distribution channel mix. Finally, our international business showed continued year-over-year growth, generating $26 million in revenue during the quarter, up 37% from last year and 24% sequentially. This represents 18% of our total revenue. Research and development expense totaled $48 million for Q1 of 2017 compared to $32 million in Q1 of 2016 and up approximately 10% sequentially. Our key R&D investments continue to make good progress. These include the G6 pivotal study and related submissions with the FDA as well as our advanced product pipeline, investments in our Verily partnership and the build-out of our data platform. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $86 million in Q1 of 2017 compared to $62 million during the same quarter in 2016 with the increase primarily due to year-over-year increases in head count, in our field sales and customer support organizations, including support for the initial phase of the Medicare launch; as well as a ramp in our patient-focused marketing expenses, higher IT costs and our O-U.S. expansion. Our GAAP net loss was $42 million in the first quarter of 2017, which included $35 million in non-cash expenses consisting primarily of non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Consistent with our prior comments, the sequential increase in our first quarter operating expenses included approximately $9 million in annual share-vesting payroll tax expenses and one-time charges associated with retirements, severance and restructuring. However, total operating expenses came in slightly below our recent commentary primarily due to the timing associated with new hires as well as our direct-to-consumer marketing campaign. Our GAAP loss per share for the quarter was $0.49. Absent non-cash charges, non-GAAP cash-based net loss was $7 million for the quarter. We ended the first quarter with $181 million in cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet versus $124 million at the end of 2016. During the quarter, we drew $75 million from our credit facility to support our cash needs, primarily to fund expenditures associated with the build out of our manufacturing facility in Mesa, Arizona. With respect to 2017 guidance, we continue to expect global revenue of $710 million to $740 million reflecting growth of approximately 25% to 30%. We remain encouraged by our early progress with Medicare and are beginning to work through the practical implementation of the CMS ruling in the field. We're very confident that Medicare will be an important component of our future business and Kevin will provide more on our outlook in a moment. For the full year, we now anticipate gross margin to be at the low end of our guidance range of 67% to 70% due to continued ongoing warranty expenses as we transition to our new receiver. And we continue to anticipate OpEx will increase 20% to 25% versus 2016 on a GAAP basis. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. Life at DexCom continues to be very exciting. The company achieved multiple historical millstones in the past several months and now it's time for us to execute on them. Following our non-adjunctive claim late last year and the CMS ruling in Q1, our pipeline is at an all-time high. We're proud that the DexCom G5 Mobile is the first and currently the only CGM system to be classified as therapeutic CGM. We continue to believe these accomplishments are a direct result of the strength of our CGM platform, both in clinical trials and in the real world. In the U.S. our recently expanded sales force is ramping up and will be critical in supporting our preliminary launch into the Medicare market later this year. Our worldwide new patient additions met our internal projections. As I mentioned earlier, the estimated mix of our new MDI patients in the U.S. is now consistent with the underlying Type 1 market. However, we have experienced softness in the growth of our new pump patient additions. As you are mostly likely aware, our two commercial pump partners have encountered difficulties in recent quarters driven by a variety of factors. However, we see several highly competitive DexCom-enabled insulin delivery systems, both on the near- and long-term horizons that will provide attractive options for the diabetes community. Outside the U.S, our year-over-year growth accelerated from fourth quarter levels buoyed by broader reimbursement in Germany, efforts in our two other direct markets, the UK and Canada, and increased volumes throughout the European distribution channel. Turning to Medicare, nothing in this process has gone according to the standard plan. A CMS Administrator's ruling is incredibly rare and the timing of that ruling was completely unanticipated by us. Medicare certainly got this right for patients, as this ruling should ultimately accelerate access to the eligible population. However, the joint article recently issued by the DME MACs is something that is typically issued simultaneously with or after a coverage decision has been published. So while the joint article provided guidance enabling patients to access this technology, the formal absence of a coverage decision makes it very challenging to process claims in an efficient manner and not to take significant regulatory and financial risk by shipping to these patients. Hence the confusion and the delays. At this point, we are pulling every lever we have at our disposal and are speaking to Medicare regularly. It is also important to note that a change of administration and the stricter stance on new regulation can cause challenges. We hope to resolve this as soon as possible. Longer term, Medicare represents one of DexCom's biggest opportunities in the intensive market. We estimate that Medicare-aged Type 1 population represents 20% of the overall Type 1 market or as many as 300,000 patients in the U.S. We also estimate that Type 2 Medicare-aged patients on intensive insulin therapy represent approximately one-third of the intensive Type 2 population or approximately 500,000 patients in the U.S. Again, we have over 10,000 Medicare eligible patients in our pipeline and we really haven't done any promotions yet. In the past year, we have certainly made dramatic progress on the reimbursement and access front. To put things in perspective with positive coverage decisions from both Medicare and Germany's G-BA, we estimate that we now have an incremental of 1.3 million covered lives to target with our technology. This roughly doubles the number of covered lives we had entering 2016. Globally, our goal remains to continue to drive CGM towards a standard of care for diabetes management and we maintain our goal of achieving or exceeding an installed base of approximately 270,000 patients worldwide by the end of 2017. Now, I'll provide you with an update on our product pipeline. With respect to our product pipeline, we continue to have regular interactions with the FDA. We have received approval for our new more reliable test screen receiver, and we will begin transitioning new patients later this year. Our discussions on the submission surrounding our new insertion system and corresponding transmitter are ongoing. As we mentioned on our last call, we are evaluating the implications of this filing on our commercial timelines. Considering the magnitude of launching a new applicator coupled with our G6 platform making very good progress. We'll assess the timing of a potential launch of the new insertion with that of G6 as we move through the year. On the app front, we hope to launch our android platform in the U.S. by midyear. The majority of our G6 pivotal trial have concluded and our goal remains to file the G6 PMA by the end of Q3 2017, which would allow us to launch this product in 2018 assuming a positive review by the FDA. We have very high expectations for G6 based on its impressive early data. Assuming this performance continues, we expect patients will quickly appreciate what G6 means for standard and CGM performance even with a reduction in the number of daily calibrations. In addition, G6 represents the basis of our future no-calibration technology. Turning to our Verily partnership, our collaboration continues to march towards a continuous real-time, low cost, no-calibration, disposable sensor system, allowing us to target the non-intensive Type 2 market. In addition to the progress we're making in product development, we are beginning to explore a variety of commercial channels to support our non-intensive strategy. As we've said in the past, the business models we consider in the non-intensive market will likely differ from what we've pursued in our intensive business to-date. These include a shift to value-based programs and working in collaboration with payers, providers and employers to develop diabetes management solutions that leverage CGM and our data platform to facilitate both therapeutic and behavioral change. Considering the importance and costs associated with the broader Type 2 patient population and healthcare management today, these efforts are driving significant interest in solutions for this important category. The noise in the Type 2 diabetes market is only getting louder, new drugs, new programs, all with different outcomes, it seems like we have a new answer every week. It is our belief that none of these offer the diabetes community as much value as CGM. More specifically, there is a tremendous void in the information provided to these patients to manage their condition. The system's answer today is to take a pill, eat less and exercise more. Patients have heard this three years and yet those ineffective treatments caused the system a fortune. The opportunity lies with an approach that can not only provide better outcomes, but the alleviate expenses. For the first time, accurate, reliable and intuitive CGM data will provide payers, providers and patients with real-time feedback about timing and efficacy of medications and how eating, sleeping and exercise can impact their diabetes. One of our early learnings is that CGM accuracy matters in the non-intensive market every bit as much as it matters in our intensive market. Many of these patients are truly interacting with their diabetes for the first time and they must have confidence in the data and information they receive. Our early pilot studies in the non-intensive Type 2 space have demonstrated this with reductions in average glucose as well as improvements in A1c, time and range and glycemic variability over relatively short period of time. Once patients begin using CGM, they quickly understand the repercussions of their decisions around both medication and behavior. These benefits will ultimately drive significant cost reductions in the care of these patients. From a product development perspective for these initiatives, we believe our first Verily device should be commercialized by the end of 2018, and anticipate that the second-generation device will be available in the 2020-2021 timeframe. Turning to our partnerships, we are making continued progress in our integrations of both G5 and G6 with advanced insulin delivery systems, including pumps, smart pens and other interconnected diabetes management platforms. We will highlight more specific progress as these integrated systems approach clinical trials and commercial launch. To sum things up, DexCom continues to raise the bar in the CGM category. In the near term, we remain focused on driving awareness around therapeutic CGM and our recent positive reimbursement developments, both with Medicare and in Germany. In parallel, we continue to develop our non-intensive strategy and are excited by the early signs of significant potential, both in terms of product development and revolutionary new business models. Execution on our strategic pipeline will position us to maintain our position as the leader in CGM. The DexCom team continues to perform at a very high level. I want to take a moment to thank our employees for their continued efforts. With all of the major milestones the company's achieved in the past few years, we now have the ability and the mission to bring this life-changing technology to a much greater number of patients. I'd now like to open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have our first question. Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein of JPMorgan. Go ahead Mike, your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Let me just start with the U.S. sales performance. So, it sounds like the inability to bill some of your cash-based customers cost $2 million to $3 million. Even if I adjust for that, it looks like the U.S. business was down 21% sequentially. The last two years your U.S. business was down 15% sequentially. So, can you give us some additional commentary on just the U.S. revenue performance? And then, in there, I'd like to follow up with the commentary you made about that backlog of 10,000 Medicare patients. Can you just explain what that backlog is and how are you coming up with that number? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I'll start with the backlog, because that's very concrete. Once the coverage decision was announced, we certainly have criteria when a patient comes in or goes to our website for creating what we believe is a patient opportunity or patient lead. And these are patients who have met criteria, who have shown enough interest and have enough of the criteria within our system to be qualified as patient lead. So, again, there are more than 10,000 Medicare patients in our system outside of the traditional patients that we have as well coming in through the field, or coming in through our website and through the digital market space. So, these are again patients who have reached out to us and expressed interest, and have enough information to qualify as someone is truly interested in CGM. With respect to the U.S. business and our growth year-over-year, I think one thing that's very important to remember is we were in the middle of the G5 Mobile launch last year. We launched it late in the first quarter. Could not meet everybody's need in the fourth quarter, didn't meet all the needs in the fourth quarter and a lot of that carried over into the first. So, it is a tough U.S. comparison quarter-over-quarter. With respect to our patient adds, again, pretty much like we had discussed before Mike, the majority of our growth came from MDI patients and we see the MDI patient base growing very quickly. Where we were down a bit, where we've been in previous years on the new patient side was on insulin pumpers and we had fewer of those than we've had in the past. With respect to reorders and patient behavior, the other thing Steve talked about and I can elaborate a bit on as well gets back to seasonality in the first quarter and possibly a changing nature in our patient base. We have good reorders, our patients called in, that wasn't a problem, but the bigger issue is deductibles and copays. And particularly as we get into the MDI market, our insulin pump patients spend a lot more money on insulin supply  insulin pump supplies than their pumps, meaning deductible is faster than this new market in this group of patients that we're seeing. So, we know that there is some financial pressure on these people. We have not seen anything that would indicate increased attrition. We have not seen anything that would indicate decreased utilization on the sensor. First quarter is a tough seasonal one and those are really pretty much everything around the revenue numbers in the U.S.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So you  well, just go over few things. So you reiterated your projections for the year on new patient starts and where your installed base would end up, which was just going back to the fourth quarter fall was basically your patient adds are going to exceed your revenue growth in 2017. You think your pipeline is an all-time high and you're reiterating your sales guidance for the year. So, two questions. So one, can you give us some sense on the second quarter, what your visibility is today and how you're thinking about the second quarter versus the balance of the year? Because obviously, there is some disconnect between how the Street's modeling you guys and how you're thinking about it. And then second, can you just talk about how your expectations, they have shifted to the positive on Germany and that may be offsetting a little bit of incremental U.S. weakness from your pump partners? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, Germany has been very successful for us. While we've grown quite a bit in Germany, it's still only about 20% of our total international revenue. So, it's not as big as it can be. We have contracts in place with less than 20% of the payers. We're sitting in front of two of the largest ones with contracts that should be executed shortly that would get us up to 50% of contracted reimbursement with the payers we have been contracted with. We can process those claims and get paid, but it's very much one-off and requires a lot of documentation. So, Germany will provide us some significant growth opportunities going forward. With respect to our estimates for the year and our pump patients, there are a number of factors that we look at as we weigh this. Again, we have our Medicare situation. We have a robust pipeline of potential new patients to serve without promoting it. Once we got this, we're excited we think we can add a number of patients there. We think on the patient number front, that would offset some softness on the pump side, and possibly more than offset any softness on the pump side, where the Medicare model is a little bit different, is the revenue we derive from a new patient when we add them. And if I can give you an illustration, you all know if we go back in time or if you look at a new patient, the initial transmitters and a receiver and three sensors, the hardware is between $800 and $900 and three boxes of sensors just for the sake of being simple, let's say they're $300 apiece or $75. So, you've got somewhere between $1,500 and $2,000 to startup a new patient. On the Medicare side, as you've all read the CMS rulings, we're not going to get that big of an upfront payment. We will be getting  us or our distributors will be getting rental payments on the receiver over a 13-month period and the average payment per month on the disposable components would be somewhere between $205 and $300. So a new patient in that first quarter of use will bring us somewhere $750 to $900. So even if we grow the patient base significantly past the 270,000, if a number of them are Medicare patients, it won't have the immediate pop that we've experienced in our commercial business in the past. As we look out, as we look at the opportunities and the number of patients who continue to request CGM, the number of new non-Medicare patients in our pipeline, we're comfortable with our guidance for the year in spite of all the other diabetes news that is out there and we plan on achieving those goals. And second quarter, typically for us, has been up over first. We certainly expect that it will be much better than the first quarter and we'll see how it goes from there.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Mike, on the other...
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, go ahead.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Just a quick....
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Let Steve (27:05).
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. Just a quick addition on  you asked about Q2 specifically and the sell-side models, I mean we certainly don't control the sell-side models. But what we said in our Q4 call, if you recall, is we expected do somewhere between 18% and 20% of our annual revenues in the first quarter. And I think, where we landed was right square in the middle of that. We've also typically, historically, said we expect to do 40% to 45% of our annual revenue in the first half of the year. And so, I think we would be comfortable sticking with that as a historical guide.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. And then last one and I'll let some  I'll jump and let everybody in (27:40). Just want a comment on kind of what you think the feedback has been so far in 670G in terms of how that's pairing with the early clinicians and patients?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, they've put it on 500 people and my guess is they probably picked those 500 people specifically. So, we've heard some relatively good feedback. We've also heard mixed reviews with respect to the complexity of the system and going out of auto mode and everything. I don't think the book can be written on 670G till this has commercialized to a broad number of patients. I would tell you on the pump front, we do see  as is evidenced by, I think, what we heard on TAMP's (28:23) call, that some doctors are waiting to see  before they put a patient on a pump  to see how 670G goes, and this will be more applicable to a patient. But in all reality, pumps again are four-year warranty cycle. We believe that we can do very well with the pump patients that we have now. As I said earlier, our new patient adds on the pump side were slow. And now it's really the most negative thing that we saw in the first quarter. So, we'll just keep going from there. And there's a lot of MDI patients who really can use CGM and we will focus on those guys and our other pump partners patients as well.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. I'll let some others jump in. Go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question from Jayson Bedford of Raymond James. Go ahead, Jason. Your line is now open.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Can you hear me, guys?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, perfectly.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Just a couple of quick ones. Kevin, I appreciate the explanation around Medicare, but what really needs to happen from here for Medicare patients to access the technology?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The most important thing that can happen next is a coverage decision. And what a coverage decision does is it provides an explanation around the benefit criteria that have already been established. For example, in the documents that have been issued already, it says a patient needs to be taking four fingersticks a day, but we don't have any guidance as how to document that. What the local coverage decision will provide is documentation, requirements to document four fingersticks a day this is what you have to do. Same thing with the other criteria Type 1 diabetes and the other things that are on that list. Also with the local coverage decision, Jason, while under the current pronouncements of Medicare, you can't bill on a one-by-one basis on claims, we've processed a few Medicare claims and our distributor has and they've all been pretty much denied awaiting a coverage decision. So, we really need this coverage decision and then we can really open this up and get this process running smoothly. That is the next obstacle. And again, I want to be very clear. CMS has been very progressive in helping us try and get this out. The things that they've done, the last guidance they gave towards the end of the first quarter, that was very much a positive step. At least viewed as a positive step by us to outline the criteria to specifically identify Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes patients using intensive therapy and that did keep the ball rolling. We need to get this local coverage decision and we are going for local coverage decisions as soon as possible and then we can really get this thing going. That's the big holdup right now more than anything else.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And Kevin, are we going to see a series of local coverage decisions or is it one national that can be overlaid on the local?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Again, it's more consolidated than that, it may be more than one, but it probably would be two, up to a maximum of four. So, a little bit unclear.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And when do you anticipate this to be put in place? Is midyear still a fair estimate?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: There was a CMS webcast actually that happened earlier today and they said basically that it's in process. And they wouldn't give specific timing, but it seemed like it would be sooner rather than later. So, we're hopeful before the summer.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Certainly, before the end of this quarter is what we're hoping for.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And last one on this topic is, when the local coverage decision is in place, is that when you kick in a more aggressive marketing effort?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That is correct. The last thing we want to do is to add another 10,000 patients to the 10,000 patients we're not currently shipping and have them all frustrated. So, yeah, we will aggressively go after that as soon as we get that local coverage decision.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're teed up. We're ready to go. This isn't something that will require a bunch of time. We'll get after it very quickly.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. I'll jump back in queue and let some others ask. Thanks.
Operator: And we have our next question from Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company. Go ahead, Doug. Your line is now open.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Ryan on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. So, you've talked historically about international ASPs being about 20% lower than the U.S. on average. Is this still the case in direct markets or should we assume it's closer to the U.S. indirect markets? And what are your expectation for sensor ASPs over the remainder of 2017?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, what we've said is the pricing in Germany is more reflective of our direct pricing in the U.S. But remember, Germany doesn't represent  it represents an okay chunk, but it doesn't represent a huge chunk of our O-U.S. business yet. So, the vast majority of our O-U.S. business is still through third-party distribution, which is at a lower ASP. As we look to go direct in other markets, I think you'll see some pricing improvement versus through distribution. But I will tell you, give an example, in one of our reimbursed markets, we actually elected to lower the price slightly to drive sales, to drive volume, and it's had a wonderful response, particularly against some of the competition that is priced lower. So we're still evaluating how we'd proceed O-U.S. But, yeah, I mean, what you're seeing today, certainly Germany being the only big direct market is still more reflective of our U.S. pricing.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. So should we expect the  where ASPs were this quarter or around that, we should expect it to be towards the lower end of your historical range for the remainder of 2017?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. This is Kevin. I think we'll get back up into the $70 range, probably not towards $75 as the U.S. volumes become a larger percentage of our business. And the U.S./international mix in Q1 of last year was also similar to this. In fact, the international business doesn't really suffer the seasonality that we suffer in the U.S. and many times Q1 has been our biggest quarter of the year internationally. Now, we certainly wouldn't want to that to be the way this year. But as U.S. business goes up and becomes a bigger percentage of the business, again, you will see prices naturally move up because of, again, just distribution channel shift and geographic shift.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then moving back to Medicare, you said on the Q4 call that you believe within Medicare, penetration of the Type 1 patients could exceed the broader market rate over the next few years. What do you believe will happen within the intensively managed Type 2 population? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: All right. Specifically to Medicare or more broadly speaking?
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Specifically to Medicare, but both would be helpful.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I'd tell you, it's still a bit of an unknown. As Kevin said in his prepared remarks, we hope to leverage the coverage criteria, the coverage language from Medicare into the commercial side of the business. I think it's still a little bit of an unknown because our core commercial business is not  it's not dominated by intensively managed Type 2s due to a lack of coverage. So, we're probably, I'd tell you, taking a little bit of a wait-and-see approach, but the numbers of patients are much, much larger than the Type 1. So, I think it could be extremely additive over the next several years.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. And with respect to the Type 1 market, again, from a patient profile, these are patients many of whom, who suffer from hypoglycemia unawareness, and this a wonderful tool to help them and help give their families peace of mind. So, we see a tremendous opportunity here. And if we didn't see a tremendous opportunity here, I can tell you it's emphasized, because it would appear to me that most of the Medicare cash patients who we didn't ship have all sent me e-mails regarding the fact that they don't have their product and they want it soon. So, this is a group that's been very committed to the technology and done extremely well. So, I think we have a wonderful opportunity here. The key for us will be executing, streamlining the reimbursement and shipment process as we have to bundle this with the strips and meters upfront, and making sure the patients are properly trained and qualified. And we've staffed up for that. We've added more people on our tech support group and on our patient care team, and in our processing team in anticipation of this. So, we've done some things much better than we did a year ago. We've put good plans in place to anticipate this and we're just really excited to get started. But getting started is the key word, we really need to go.
Operator: We have our next question from Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird. Go ahead, Jeff. Your line is now open.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you, guys. Good afternoon. So, let me ask, I guess, one other Medicare question. So, if I'm looking at the Noridian coverage decision from late March, the wording is pretty clear in there that you'll only get coverage if you're using the DexCom receiver to display data. And, in fact, I think in that document, the word only is capitalized and then it goes on to say that if a beneficiary uses a smartphone as the display device, the supply allowance will be non-covered by Medicare. So, I guess my question is, Liberty recently decided they're no longer going to process G5 orders at least, and I'm not sure if that's temporary or not. But is there any connection between that and the display wording? Is there any risk that the payers take if it's found out that the patients are using their phone? Do patients take any risks? Do you guys have to change the share functionality on Medicare or Medicare patients? It just seems like a big issue tied to this word only and I'm just trying to figure out if there's anything there to be thinking about?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Excuse me. This is Kevin. I'll take that. What is lost on many of us is we're about a year ahead of where we thought we'd be with respect to this Medicare stuff. And in order to get DME approval, we had to have a durable component of the system that would last a specific period of time that we would cover. And working with Medicare, again, they worked very hard and they determined that durable component is the receiver. So, we'll start with the rules that we have. As far as Liberty concluding this, they have absolutely nothing to do with their decision and with this. And that is by far and away the least important gaining factor in doing this, Liberty's decision. And as we've looked at this and, quite frankly, spoke with other distribution channels, not knowing exactly what the coverage decision looks like and not knowing what you're going to have to have in your file to get paid when you have a Medicare license at risk and your business is very much Medicare-oriented is something of a risk that Liberty just wasn't ready to take at this point in time, even though they could get paid on individual claims and go through the process and do a lot of work. So, they stepped back and they're waiting  they want to wait for this local coverage decision as much as we do. Once this becomes clear, we'll determine how to best proceed. And I think it's important for everybody to understand, this has been a one-time thing, this has been a process over several years. And while we may sit here today with that position on the receiver being the durable part and being kind of like the centerpiece and the most important component of the system, we have a number of options here. We can certainly work with CMS over time to see we can move it to another category. We can also go back to what we did in the past with share and have the receiver talk to the phone. And we could  but certainly, we don't have that product in our portfolio right now. But since we were the first to make it way back when we know how to do that, so we have a number of options here. We just need to let this play out. We need to get this technology on patients. We need them to explain how it has changed their lives and how beneficial it is. And we need to be pleased with where we are and not get too crazy. I don't think that's over time going to be a factor.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. Can I ask one clarifying question, Kevin. Earlier you mentioned the supplies reimbursement monthly limit of $250 to $300. And just as I'm thinking about my Medicare model for you guys, I thought the number would come out at $238. Am I wrong on that and just wondering where your $250 to $300?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The receiver rental.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Yeah.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: ...was that payment for the first 13 months. That's why I have that. And then again, what we end up getting will depend upon the distribution channel and our terms with distributors and we'll have more color on that once we start going in future quarters.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose with Canaccord. Go ahead Kyle, your line is now open.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. Can you hear me, all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah. So just wanted to ask you just more on the pump partnership side, has the disruption in that side of the market changed how you guys think about the long-term opportunity of where partnership should look, whether it'd be pump partnerships versus smart pens, versus connected health? Obviously, when you think about the Type 2 opportunities, just trying to understand how you guys view some of the value of those longer-term partnerships?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. I'll take that one, Kyle. No, I don't think it changes our thinking on that at all. I think there is an extremely important segment of the market that we'll look to have to utilize these semi-automated or hybrid closed loop systems and we remain active with folks who you know, with Insulet and some others, and there are some others that you don't know. I think those are critically important to some subset of the market. We also think, as you mentioned, smart pens, a smart pen paired with a CGM, we think, as an extraordinarily compelling  a compelling product offering, particularly when you think about the power and computing power that we have on the phone and being able to really mimic using the algorithms that would be the similar algorithms that you'd have on the pump, on the phone and actually really provide detailed dosing assistance and other lives (42:54) to the patient. But then if you really look out at the market, thinking about Type 2s, more broadly speaking, Kevin gave some color on our initial thoughts there. There's a much, much broader opportunity, even in the non-insulin taking patient population in Type 2s. And I think we're starting to see some really compelling preliminary data that will marry up with the appropriate products as we continue forward with our Verily relationship. So, I don't think our partnership strategy has changed. In fact, I think our partners are becoming, frankly, more important, perhaps more diverse. We're not just going to focus on closed loop or hybrid closed-loop systems. I think there is a broad spectrum of partnership product opportunities for us, but they're all going to be critically important over time.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And I appreciate that. And then just  a two-part question and then I'll hop back in the queue. Just wanted to see, is it fair to think of the product cadence  and I appreciate the color  but just the product cadence coming as G6 and then Verily G1, and then the Verily G2? And I don't mean to imply that that's not a very robust pipeline, but I'm just trying to understand, if we may see some incremental launches, whether that be different labeling, different types of used cases for those products along the way, as we think about 2017 to 2020 to 2021 time period? And just second question is anything you guys want to highlight when we think about heading to ADA in June?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Let me start with the product pipeline. On the product pipeline front, it's a real good question and a very good observation. We have been very successful over time, once we get a technology platform established on the sensor side to turn that into enhanced performance and other different opportunities. And I think in today's software world, and with the expertise we're developing, and the expertise, quite frankly, at some of these important partners that Steve has talked about, is I think you will see derivations of our core technologies. We tend to speak to our core technologies on these calls, but I can give you a simple example. We've certainly run feasibility studies on the Gen 6 sensor for 14 days, not only for purposes of the Verily first product that we're going to launch, because it will be a G6 sensor, but also for possibly a 14-day version of G6, but all this is in feasibility phases. We're giving all these things thoughts and you will see iterations that will be different. I think the other place that we can iterate that will be very meaningful will be software. We believe, once we have that accurate stable industry standard sensor platform and algorithms that generate extremely accurate and well performing numbers, that we can then in future worlds come up with possibly different apps that might be approved for different labeling and might have different use cases for patients, and back to what Steve talked about with our Type 2 business models and our Type 2 relationships. So, there is a lot going on and there is a lot more going on here than just the  we talk about really the core basic things on these calls. There are many other projects and many others things we're considering along with those. And with respect to ADA, certainly there will be talk about the second phase of the DIaMonD study, the Type 2 DIaMonD data. And we have several technology papers, there will be posters, we have a couple of oral presentations. We don't have a new product coming this year. We would love to be able  knock on wood, if we could launch Android at ADA that would be a wonderful event, but we're not there yet. So, it'll certainly be a good show for us. It always is. And we'll have a great time here in San Diego.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Operator: And our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor of William Blair. Go ahead, Margaret. Your line is now open. Margaret, this is the conference operator. If you're on speaker-phone, could you please pickup the handset or unmute.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah, sorry about that. Can you guys hear me?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, we can.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks. So, the first question for me, in terms of the final pieces for Medicare, once they're in place, how should we think about the ramp of these patients. Are you continuing to see that pipeline of patients grow even now, as we go couple months beyond the initial announcement? And I guess, more specifically, over what timeframe should we look at those 10,000 patients to come online?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, certainly, we want to get the 10,000 patient up and going as quickly as possible. I think the Medicare ramp, once this final coverage decision is in place, can go relatively quickly, as we qualify these patients and make sure they meet all the criteria and understand what documentation then we have to have. The impact of the patients, though, as I described earlier, is a little different than our regular new patients, just based on the reimbursement model on the fact that we get a monthly rental rather than the big upfront payment. So our relationships with distributors are going to be a little bit different. Where the Medicare revenue really becomes material and significant is when we get like a 30,000 or 40,000 patient base and we're billing them all that monthly charge. And so, you've got a regular monthly revenue stream combined with monthly shipments that we think can be highly predictable. So, like I said, a new Medicare patient upfront is probably about half of what a commercial patient is in our upfront revenues. But as that bolus goes out over time, those patients become extremely valuable to us. So, it's going to be a little bit different model, but it will be highly  we're very excited about it, and we think it will be very additive to our business.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: And are those pipeline of patients still growing beyond the 10,000 kind of the rate over the period?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. Well, we are still getting people calling in and wanting to join the pipeline. We get many opportunities per day. But when they hear we can't serve  we can't ship them yet, it's been a little bit difficult. I would say that we really need to turn on the faucet once we get the coverage decision, Margaret, and then we'll have a very good idea as to how robust these patients who have inquired is and how many will convert and how they use it. We really need to get going.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. And in terms of the second question, on the U.S. patient adds. Is there anything that you guys can do in the near term to help maybe your existing pump partners improve those patient adds? And Steve, I don't know if you have the numbers or willing to share, but what percentage of your patient adds in the past have been through those pump partners last year versus what you guys saw this quarter?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Well, it's not  I wouldn't say it's just pump partners. I mean, what we've said is, historically, this is two years, three years ago, we were  a typical quarter, we would add roughly 60% pumpers, which included Animas, Tandem, not just integrated  DexCom integrated systems, but pumpers broadly speaking. So, Animas, Tandem, Insulet...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: And Medtronic.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: ...and even Medtronic. And so, with the couple of pump partners that we're seeing just not adding new patients, generally speaking, we've seen a slowdown. So, the point, though, is that while that did have an impact, we have shifted the mix pretty dramatically over the last 12 months or so. So now, in a typical quarter, we're adding two-thirds of our new patients are actually MDI patients. So while it's had an impact, it's not crippling the business. We just drew attention to it because it was a factor in the quarter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It's a factor. Yeah.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. And then last one from me, maybe as we think about the G6 label, Kevin, what could DexCom offer patients in exchange for that hard shutoff on the sensor? Whether it's 10 days, I think you mentioned 14 days, that you're thinking about? What would make them excited about that prospect and effectively pay more per day per sensor than they do today?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, the 10-day life for G6, the way G6 is configured, there's not a hard shutoff on G6, as we are filing it at this point of time and we will evaluate that hard shutoff up feature going forward. We all read the blogs on our system. And every time I get on the DexCom G5 user group, pretty much every night, somebody says, hey, I just got my DexCom and I wore my sensor for two weeks, how much longer is it going to last and what do I do to make it last longer? And then you read  the last couple of weeks ago, I heard somebody said, yeah, I get 48 days for each of my sensors or seven weeks per sensor, and here is all the things that I do. So, this is a feature we have build into our products. I mean our product has been very reliable for more than seven days. I think over time the way our model works, particularly as you get out to 10 or 14 days, if we were to shut it off, it would be  I mean, absolutely, for quality purposes and to make sure that it's accurate, in particular, with our non-injunctive claim and the way we would look at that, Margaret, in all reality, well, we're billing somewhere between $10 and $12 a day in the U.S. to the reimbursement entities. If we did shut the thing off hard, we would make sure we repair with the patients because we always do and we would have a program to whereby patients  we would hope patients would not be hurt economically. And it's something we will study and explore all the time and give it lots of thought and consideration. So, it will be an interesting evolution on our technology curve and we have a lot of things to think about and consider.
Margaret M. Kaczor - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good. Thank you.
Operator: And we have our next question. Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks so much, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just a question on the competitive landscape. Don't want to belabor this, but Kevin I'd love to hear your thoughts on another competitor expected to come to market at some point later this year, the Abbott, Libre. And they've added a significant number of patients internationally. What I'm really looking for is maybe your view on how the U.S. market, the dynamics there are different than the international markets where you compete head-to-head with them and therefore why the competitive landscape, when they do come to the U.S., might be different than we what we see internationally?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, one of the first things to note, international us versus Libre is, when Libre started, our entire international team consisted of three people. And so we really hadn't built much infrastructure over there and we didn't have any reimbursement and decision for a patient was very simple, pay cash for Libre, which is much less expensive than a DexCom system. So adding cash patients with that low price point upfront led to some significant growth. As Steve alluded to earlier and I can validate again, as we have received reimbursement in some of these European geographies, a reasonable number of our patient adds are a Libre users, who aren't getting what they want from Libre. In the U.S. markets, again, one of our biggest assets is our non-adjunctive claim that a patient can dose insulin off of the system and we believe people intensively manage their diabetes, that's going to be an important feature. And so, we believe in the intensive market, we can do well. And the fact is  again, even in Europe, where we don't have near the resources they've had, you just heard us talk about a 37% first quarter growth factor in Europe. And I mean in the O-U.S. markets for this quarter and in our reimbursed markets, we're doing very well. So in the U.S., I think there is a niche for this. I think there will be people who want it. I think in the intense world where we are now, we can maintain our share with our connectivity, our share features. The android app, the new technology we have coming in, and really more important than anything else , our accuracy in the performance of our system that has been documented time and time and time again. Over time...
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: ...as we look at that market, I assure you as you look at the Verily products, we will have products to compete head-to-head with that in the not-too-distinct future that we think will be  that'll be extremely good.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess another issue for Libre might be what reimbursement looks like for that system, but one more question, Kevin, I have on the long-term outlook here from an OpEx perspective. And not asking for guidance, but just trying to think directionally, you've talked about how the look of the business will have to change when you do have a Type 2 product. And just curious about how the run rate for OpEx might change? Can you drive leverage as you sort of shift the infrastructure and build the infrastructure for the Type 2 market, or should we think about, just directionally speaking, over the next two years as you get ready for that sort of negative leverage, or at best flat? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I appreciate that. You're talking really more about the commercial and the SG&A aspect of those expenses. And it's become very clear to us that this will be a different type of business model for us. We can't have the one-on-one ordering that we have now and walk patients through their DME benefits, and the way that we do things. It's going to have to be different and we are exploring new business models that can do that. As Steve talked about earlier, outcome based type programs that we can sell with employers, payers, communities and things of that nature, that's going to have to be leveraged and it's going to have to be done differently than what we do today and we think can leverage that and be successful. And so, we are taking as much time with the business model in this area as we are taking with the technology. And the development of the business model is every bit as high tech and challenging and different as developing the technology is. It's really been a wonderful effort so far and you'll hear more, probably more towards late this year and early next year as to what that's going to look like for us.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we have our next question. Our next question comes from David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, David. Your line is now open.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. A couple of follow-ups and some clarification. Kevin, just on this topic, and maybe Steve, actually, I think you've answered this question. But on the two-thirds in the (57:49) mix, if that mix holds at two-thirds, where it sort of has for the next several quarters, you're still comfortable with your guidance? I'm assuming because that's where it's been the last several quarters. You seem to have popped up a little bit. But is two-thirds MDI throughout the remainder of the year an issue or something you're comfortable with?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No, that's actually been a goal, right. I mean, historically, we were even with the endocrinology community, people always  this is the old days. But people used to characterize CGM as just an adjunct to a pump. So, we set out a number of years ago with our CGM First campaigns to show the world that CGM is the most important tool in diabetes management. So if you're on MDI, you can effectively manage your diabetes without going to a pump with MDI and CGM. So, no, I think it's actually  that's a huge positive for us.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, I totally understand this. Steve, I guess what I'm getting at is if that number were to go to 80% in the back half of the year, do you have enough MDI momentum to offset the pump degradation?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. There's lots more patients on MDI. I mean, remember, pumps are only about 30% penetrated in the U.S. and less than 10% penetrated outside the U.S. So there's tons more patients in the MDI group.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then Kevin just or for Steve, guidance this year, I mean, no one was specifically asking, but how should we think about the impact Medicare is having on guidance? Should we still assume a very limited impact in your expectations for Medicare? Was there any channel load at all here in the first quarter into your DME partners to speak of?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: No, there is no channel room for us. We monitor our distributors very carefully and no there is no channel out there. With respect to the impact of Medicare, again  and even the impact of new patients and patient growth and that's a very good question. In all reality, as you're looking at a $700 million-plus business, the number of new patients you can add in your quarter dwarfs what new patients could contribute three years ago to a quarter. So, the new patients are very important and Medicare will have an impact, but I don't think you can move the needle like 10% or 20% certainly over the back half of the year. It can move it at a lower amount of that, depending upon on how many patients that we have. So, we'll give you more guidance and color on that as we add them, and we're probably going to have to be very clear with Medicare patient numbers on margins and breaking some of this out so everybody understands the story. Where it really moves the needle is in the periods going forward as you get a large established base with recurring revenues and we continue to shift to that business and it can evolve more over time than the upfront payments we get from new patients now.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then Kevin just we get this question a lot from shareholders, the last couple of weeks and months. In light of this year, with Medicare Libre 670G, is it likely we get a guidance update earlier in the year this year based on those parameters or do those parameters actually make it a lot less likely you provide an update for the year into your more traditional period? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Go ahead, Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. No, I mean, we evaluate our guidance on a quarterly basis. And at this point, we're not comfortable because we're not shipping to Medicare. We're not comfortable upping it. We do think Medicare is a huge opportunity and we'll evaluate it at the end of Q2, which will  that call will probably happen a month after the end of the quarter.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Just where we sit today we just didn't feel conformable changing it, yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tao Levy of Wedbush. Go ahead Tao. Your line is now open.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe some clarification questions. In terms of the percent of the patients who are on G5 versus G4, is that a number that you guys can provide?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No, we've not broken it out. But remember, the disposable sensor is the same. So, with respect to 70% of our revenue, it doesn't matter whether they are on G4 or G5. The only difference it makes to us financially, as we noted in our prepared remarks, is that the COGS on the...
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Transmitter.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: G5 transmitter, yeah, are a little higher.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Right. And so, that has a decent size impact on sort of your hardware sales. if you separate the two, I mean, hardware sales growth was reasonable this quarter, up over 30%. And kind of where you fell a little bit short, at least versus my model, was on the sensor side. And what you had said on the call was you've got more international, so that lowered the ASP a bit. And so, my question is that that $2 million to $3 million related to Medicare, was that all sensor related or was any of that hardware? And also what happen to that in the second quarter?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I mean, it's much more sensor related. These would be existing patients, so not new patients. I suppose there could be, in that mix, some anticipated transmitters, if the transmitter died during the quarter. But it would be predominantly sensor revenue.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. And what happens in the second quarter with that $2 million to $3 million? Can you start charging for?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: So, we haven't been able to ship for cash. These were ex-cash pay patients. And now that we have Medicare coverage, we cannot ship to them and charge them cash. So once we have coverage  again, back to once we have the formal coverage in place, we can absolutely continue to service these patients. There won't be a make-up, per se...
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Right.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: ...because that's revenue that they would have  we'll start charging them  we'll start charging Medicare for sensors and shipping sensors to them. But there won't be a catch up.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. And then just lastly from a sort of like a strategic perspective. I think when the question around, will you guys ever buy a pump company, had come up in the past, I think the response was, no, not really, but if it did potentially have an impact on our sensor business, not having a competitor of artificial pancreas or similar device, then we  you guys might consider it. Is this kind of what we're talking about here where your pump partners aren't as quick to launch artificial pancreas technology that you try (1:04:26)?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I can cut you short. No, we're not looking to buy a pump company. I think we continue to evaluate our partnership relationships. You could see us become a little more involved with one or more of the partners if some of them seem to fall off. But at this point in time, we're going to continue with our partnership strategy, again, both on the pump side and on interconnected pens and other software platforms. So, not interested in buying a pump.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead, Joanne. Your line is now open.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you for taking the question. Can you hear me, okay?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Absolutely.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you so much. Okay. Other than sales force hires, is there a way to sort of qualify or quantify the people that you have coming onboard and how are they spending their time largely? And then the second question, which is somewhat related, you talked about 10,000 Medicare patients coming in before you really do an outreach program towards them. Can you discuss what that outreach program might look like and the timing of when that might happen? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, the outreach program will start as soon as we get a coverage decision in earnest, and it will much more noisy. It will be a combination of digital platforms. We'll also  we have some TV ads that will run and other media programs very similar to what we do with our DTC campaigns. Today, we have a very focused web, all that type of stuff to identify and help these patients. And so, we're going to do that one and that's when that will come. Sorry, what was your other question?
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): It had to do with the new sales force hires....
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sales reps, okay.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yup.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: So, the new sales reps came onboard late last year and early this year. The sales heads in the U.S. were determined literally by dividing current territories and reassigning people within those territories. I would tell you, like any sales force reorganization, there are some bumps, some speed bumps along the way. We are extremely happy with the quality of the people that we brought onboard and we had absolutely no shortage of people running these jobs who are very, very qualified. But it does take a while to get everybody up and running and we did experience that in the first quarter as well. In the U.S. Dr. Jones in Sun City (1:06:54) just lost their rep (1:06:56) to the new one's coming in and relationships have to be redeveloped and redeployed. We believe our team is up and running and doing well, and it does take a little while. I mean, we expanded 20% to 25% on the U.S. side, and so there's a lot of new people, they've all been trained, they've all been in for training, we've had our national sales meeting and they should be ready to go and certainly very productive in the second quarter. The way we analyze all our salespeople in the U.S. So, our key criteria is new patient adds and we evaluate everybody based on their new patient targets and are very thoughtful and deliberate as we set those up and get that done. And so, we watch everybody.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have our next question. Our next question comes from Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer. Go ahead Steven your line is now open.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi, guys. So obviously, a nice uptake in Germany and that continues to build. Where are we in terms of CGM reimbursement in additional countries in Europe? I know you've talked about France and UK in the past.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Why don't you go ahead, Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, we're still working with the French authorities. I don't want to be more specific other than we're hopeful within the next 6 to 12 months, we hope to see some reimbursement in France. Similarly, in the UK, we've submitted the appropriate paperwork and are having discussions with the National Health Service there. We're starting to see reimbursement, but in a more limited fashion in some of the other countries in Europe, where they're looking to provide a fixed amount of money for reimbursement. We're trying to figure out how we will play in some of those markets. Australia is starting to reimburse. So, we're seeing it, it's happening certainly as quickly as we would have hoped.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then, beyond the dosing claim, you also had positive data obviously come through over the past few quarters through DIaMonD. How do you think you can leverage the DIaMonD data sets with clinicians and with patients, particularly as they get published?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I don't think that one, certainly having a publish paper to take into clinicians, particularly as they go back to the example Steve gave, and when I first started with DexCom going out in the field frequently, when I would go into physicians office, the first thing they would say to me, I'm not giving a patient CGM unless they're on a pump. They have to be on a pump first. And what the DIaMonD study clearly shows is that is not the case, that you can derive significant benefit being an MDI patient and wearing in DexCom CGM. And I'd tell you, as we have clinicians, as we meet with clinicians and conduct symposium and educational programs across the country that attitude has changed. The CGM First message is taking hold in that DIaMonD paper is really the first thing we've ever had to document those outcomes. We think it can also be helpful for us with payers over time, as we look for lower cost solutions in managing patients with Type 1 diabetes and intensive insulin using Type 2 patients and we will use it for that, as we try and expand our markets and our coverage and go deeper. So, it's a very good start and the other data will be very helpful as well.
Steven Lichtman - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Cooley of Stephens. Go ahead, Chris. Your line is now open.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Good evening, guys, and thanks for working me in here in the queue. Just two for me. One, would you be willing to characterize the Medicare pipeline in terms of which channel they're primarily served in? Are they coming in primarily through the endo channel or are these patients that are being cared for by GPs? Just trying to think a little bit about how frequently they visit their practitioner and then converting them over time once the coverage decision comes into place. And then just as a quick follow up, from a model perspective. When the additional two payers come online in Germany and you're up over 50% of the covered lives there, should we think about incremental pressure to the global ASP on the sensor side or is that already kind of factored into your prior comments? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: As Steve said earlier, in Germany, our sensor reimbursement in Germany is very similar to what we did here in the U.S. So again, as these payers come on in Germany, chances are it would have a positive impact if Germany becomes a greater percentage of our international business. As I said earlier, it's probably around 20% of the total O-U.S. right now. So, we'll just have to see how that goes. With respect to referrals and physicians of our Medicare patients, we're getting leads from two sources; certainly, online and online referrals, the patients coming through our website and enrolling. And those patients can have general practitioners and endocrinologists. With respect to referrals from the field, those are primarily coming from endocrinologists, which is where our field teams spend the most of their time. And if you go into an endocrinologist office, at least when I go in, as much as I want to talk about our pipeline and all the stuff that's coming in the future, the first question I get every time is when you're going to be able to take care of my Medicare patients. So, I think there is good pent-up demand amongst endocrinologists to help that senior population.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: All right. I'm going to wrap it up. I want to thank everybody for their participation on our call today and your continued support of DexCom. In preparation for today's call, we noted that my first earnings call with DexCom was exactly six years ago today, and we proudly reported $13.1 million in product revenue for the quarter. Not one week's revenue for us going forward from now on. It's been a very fast and extremely rewarding six years driven by a tremendous amount of hardworking commitment from our team here. Think about the short list of industry first: CGM performance that finally met patient expectations; The first FDA-approved apps to allow patients to share data; the first system ever to communicate directly to a phone; the first device ever to be labeled to make therapeutic insulin dosing decisions; and finally, the first product to Medicare, at least in a few weeks or a few months, we hope. While this list is great and we're very proud of all that we've done, everybody here at DexCom would tell you that if you look out over the next six years, that list is going to be much longer and much more meaningful as we drive the message of CGM as a standard of care for glucose measurement across the board. I had an opportunity this past weekend to speak with an individual, whose family has been greatly affected by diabetes at a recent JDRF Gala here in San Diego. This person commented to me that while he is very generous and he is supporting diabetes research, it's DexCom that saves his children every night and he told me to be very mindful of that as we go forward in what we do. We'll never forget that. As we launch our new product platforms, incorporate Verily's high technology and truly merge hi-tech and mid-tech, build out our new factory, communicate and connect to more and more devices and expand into new markets over the next several years, our commitment to patients will never change. We truly want to enable people to take control of their diabetes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-03-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc. Jess Roper - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc. Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC. Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co. Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Ashley and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin Sayer, President and CEO. Mr. Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you very much. And good afternoon, everyone, we appreciate you listening to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. We'll start off with our Safe Harbor statement from Steve Pacelli.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, beliefs and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans, and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this presentation or to confirm these forward-looking statements to actual result. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Kevin Sun our Vice President of Finance. Before I begin, l would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Jess on his pending retirement. We wish Jess the best and thank him for his many important contributions over the past several years. Jess has helped us scale through our period of tremendous growth and has assembled a very capable team led by our VP of Finance, Kevin Sun, who will serve as our interim CFO until we complete a search for a new one. Now, let me highlight a few exciting recent developments for DexCom, before I turn the call over to Steve to review our fourth quarter 2016 financial results. 2016 was a very big year for us. In December, five months after our positive advisory panel meeting, we achieved a landmark milestone in attaining the first-ever non-adjunctive or insulin dosing indication from the Food and Drug Administration. As a result of this approval, a new classification of therapeutic CGM has been established. This was a monumental achievement and I'm very proud of the DexCom team whose hard work over a number of years helped to make this a reality for our patients. DexCom G5 Mobile is the only glucose measurement device that is FDA approved for therapeutic decision-making. And in early January, as the directors hold off our label expansion, Medicare issued a positive ruling providing us the opportunity to bring this life-saving technology to our senior population here in the United States. Together with the advances we are making to our technology platform, we see a clear path to making the vision we have when the company first started this journey a reality, eliminating fingersticks altogether. As you can probably tell, we've never been more excited about the work we're doing here at DexCom for people with diabetes. With that, I will now turn the call over to Steve for a review of our financials, after which I will expand on these accomplishments and provide a business update.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $171 million for the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to $131 million for the same quarter in 2015, a $40 million or 31% increase. This is slightly ahead of the $168 million revenue estimate we provided in early January during our preannouncement. Sequentially, revenue for Q4 was up approximately 15% from the prior quarter. Our fourth quarter gross profit was $117 million, generating a gross margin of 68% compared to a gross profit of $91 million and a gross margin of 70% for the same quarter in the prior year. On a year-over-year basis, our hardware gross margin was negatively impacted by sales of our G5 Mobile transmitter which has a shorter useful life and lower ASP. In addition, although we are seeing some improvement in our warranty expense rates, we are still experiencing warranty expenses at higher than historical levels. This includes the impact of our receiver replacement efforts in certain European markets. Note that we reserved for our current estimated exposure for this issue throughout 2016 and do not anticipate a material impact on our financial statements in the future. Going forward, we anticipate continued decreases in our warranty expense rates throughout 2017. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits, our mix between durable and consumable products was within on our normal historical range in Q4 at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. The ASP for our hardware has remained stable and sensor pricing remains within an ASP range of $70 to $75 per sensor. Finally, our international business showed continued year-over-year growth, generating $21 million in revenue during the quarter, up 28% from last year and 15% sequentially. For the year, our U.S. revenues grew 38% and represented 13% of our overall revenue. Research and development expense totaled $44 million for Q4 of 2016, compared to $29 million in Q4 of 2015 and flat sequentially. As we have said on prior calls, we continue to make investments in a number of important initiatives. These include, the G6 pivotal study and multiple submissions with the FDA including efforts associated with our recently approved non-adjunctive claim. We continue to make progress on our advanced product pipeline. And we incurred expenses associated with our Verily partnership, our next-generation sensor technology, and the build-out of our data platform. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $79 million in Q4 of 2016 compared to $61 million during the same quarter in 2015 with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our customer support organizations, as well as a ramp in our patient-focused marketing expenses, higher IT cost, and our O-U.S. expansion. During Q4, we also increased our U.S. field-based sales force to approximately 130 reps to support our growth in 2017 and beyond. And remind investors that we did not add any sales reps last year. Our GAAP net loss was $7 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, which included $34 million in non-cash expenses consisting primarily of non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. For the year, our net loss was wider than our original expectations. As we stated on prior calls, although we budgeted a significant incremental investment in a number of new programs at the beginning of the year. Over the course of the year, we made the decision to spend beyond these levels in order to support the growth opportunities we see in front of us. These include: the expansion of our customer ops and tech support infrastructure to support our anticipated growth; increased direct to consumer marketing, which has demonstrated very positive results so far and will continue to grow in 2017; and continued investment in IT initiatives to support our anticipated growth. Our Q4 operating expenses also included increased spend on the four strategic investments that we outlined at the beginning of the year, our Verily relationship, building out our data analytics capabilities, international expansion and our new manufacturing facility in Arizona. Absent non-cash charges, non-GAAP cash-based net income was $27 million for Q4. Our GAAP loss per share for the quarter was $0.09. We ended the fourth quarter with $124 million in cash and marketable securities. With respect to 2017 guidance, we provided a detailed outlook early in the year, including anticipated revenues of $710 million to $740 million, reflecting growth of approximately 25% to 30%. As in prior years, we anticipate the first quarter to be sequentially down due to typical seasonality associated with the annual reset of deductibles. We remind investors that we have historically seen 18% to 20% of our annual revenues in the first quarter building throughout the year. We also remind investors that we grew 60% year-over-year in Q1 last year as we rolled out the G5 Mobile making for a tougher year-over-year comparison. And as a final reminder, although revenues declined sequentially from Q4 to Q1, operating expenses will continue to increase. We expect a 20% to 25% sequential increase from Q4 to Q1 due in part to approximately $10 million in payroll tax expenses related to annual share vesting, as well as one-time charges associated with retirements, severance and restructuring. For the full-year, guidance for OpEx remains a year-over-year increase of 20% to 25% versus 2016. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. As I said in my introductory remarks, we are very proud of the milestones we achieved over the past few months, particularly with our non-adjunctive claim and Medicare's rapid response to cover CGM as a result. The dosing claim represents a paradigm shift in diabetes management. These events are the culmination of a long and thoughtful process and we appreciate the collaborative efforts of both the FDA and CMS as well as our patient advocates to bring this technology to a population that desperately needs it. We estimate Medicare aged patients represent approximately 20% of the overall Type 1 market or as many as 300,000 patients in the U.S. Intensive insulin-using Type 2 Medicare patients could be an even larger addressable patient population over time. Looking ahead, we are engaging with the MACs to establish the scope of coverage and facilitate reimbursement for our patients on a broader basis later this year. We believe these achievements were fundamentally driven by the strong performance of our CGM platform both in clinical trials and in the real world. Notably, this performance is driving clinical outcomes. In January, data from both the first phase of our DIaMonD study and the GOLD trial were published in JAMA. Each trial demonstrated that CGM can significantly improve A1c in MDI patients. We are already seeing the benefits of this message in our business today, where the majority of our new patient additions are MDI patients. The publication of DIaMonD and GOLD, both prospective randomized controlled trials in a highly respected peer reviewed journal, will accelerate our awareness campaigns with physicians, patients and payers. In addition, we saw an abundance of DexCom CGM data at the Advanced Technologies & Treatments for Diabetes or ATTD Conference in Paris earlier this month. Additional data from DIaMonD was presented and concluded that Type 2 patients on MDI also experienced a statistically significant reduction in A1c. And although, Type 1 patients who switched from MDI to pump therapy did see a slight improvement in time and range, overall the data showed no incremental benefit in A1c reduction and show increased hypoglycemic time in the pump cohort. Clearly, CGM can provide an overwhelming benefit, regardless of the patient's preference for insulin delivery. And as a side benefit, we demonstrated that patient adherence to DexCom CGM is very strong even after a year of wear. We hope to see additional DIaMonD data published in the near future. Overall, these data continued to build support for our CGM first message. Let us be very, very clear. Based upon the data we currently see, the most significant benefit to a patient in the intensive management of their diabetes comes from CGM. Also at ATTD, there were continued discussions surrounding the establishment of industry standards for CGM performance. We support these efforts 100%. However, we believe any performance thresholds must properly mitigate the risks to people with diabetes who rely on these technologies for their health and safety, particularly if they are dosing insulin. We were perplexed during the session at ATTD, where several of our reported competitors together proposed raising the minimum threshold for performance from the traditionally accepted threshold of 20/20. For example, a 90% 40/40 threshold was proposed. This would mean that only 90% of the glucose values from a system would follow then 40% or 40 megs per dL of a reference value. 90% within 44 is certainly well below what we believe and historical data demonstrate a reliable CGM must provide. And the fact that others in the industry would promote such a standard concerns us. This is a point of reference our G5 Mobile is achieving 20/20 performance of approximately 93%. And our G6 pre-pivotal data has our sensor achieving 20/20 performance over 96% of the time. With our non-adjunctive claim for G5 Mobile and our future product platform that I will discuss momentarily, we are confident DexCom has set an appropriate standard for accuracy, manufacturability and other performance metrics. We will continue to work to bring together the FDA, industry and clinical societies to derive standards and provide transparency across the industry, while maintaining an appropriate level of patients' safety. Leaving ATTD, it was clear to us that DexCom CGM has and will continue to raise the bar in CGM performance. As many of you have seen, we presented data from our G6 pre-pivotal both with our intended initial one calibration per day label, as well as data using the G6 sensor with no calibrations. The initial accuracy data from these studies is very encouraging. And we are increasingly confident that we can ultimately deliver a no calibration sensor, while maintaining market-leading CGM performance. It's been a very exciting few months to say the least. Beyond these strategic developments, we generated significant commercial growth last year. We finished 2016 with approximately 200,000 patients worldwide. To put things in perspective, our fourth quarter revenue exceeded what we generated in sales for all of 2013. This growth has not been without its challenges, however. For example, as we stated previously, we believe our receiver recall accounted for at least $10 million in loss revenue in 2016, and a significant increase to our warranty expenses. We also had to make unplanned investments in our customer support structure to handle the challenges associated with this level of growth and our shift to a mobile platform. We have certainly come a long way in a very short period of time and we continue to see a significant long-term growth opportunity for many years to come. Internationally, we are pleased with our continued growth as our O-U.S. business kept pace with our robust U.S. growth. Looking ahead, we're very pleased with Germany's positive national reimbursement decision to cover CGM. We remind investors that the initial decision includes both Type 1 and Type 2 insulin-using patients and defines real-time CGM as systems that provide alerts and alarms. We assigned our initial German payer contract and will have a more substantial portion in the market covered as we entered 2017. We're also making steady progress in obtaining reimbursement in other international markets and we'll provide future updates as appropriate. All-in-all, we're very pleased with the continued pace of CGM adoption and anticipate ending the year with approximately 270,000 patients globally. Now, for an update on our product pipeline. We have a number of submissions in front of the FDA that will enhance our G5 Mobile platform, including a new more reliable touchscreen receiver, our new insertion system and corresponding smaller transmitter, our Android platform which we hope to launch in the U.S. by midyear and additional enhanced versions of our G5 Mobile app to provide additional features and functionality including the incorporation of insulin data. Our Gen 6 pivotal trial continues to make a progress. Our goals to file the G6 PMA by the end of Q3 2017, which will allow us to launch in 2018 assuming a positive review by the agency. As I mentioned earlier, the early data from G6 has been very impressive. Assuming this performance has replicated in the pivotal trial, we believe G6 will represent the next major paradigm shift in continuous glucose monitoring performance standards. G6 will allow us to reduce calibrations initially and provide the foundation for our no-calibration technology. Turning to our Verily partnership, our collaboration to develop simple, low-cost, disposable CGM systems continues to make good progress. To remind investors, our initial joint product offering with Verily will be a no-calibration CGM platform based on G6 sensor technology. We believe the products we developed in our Verily partnership will drive the entry of CGM into the non-insulin using Type 2 market. And someday, become the basis to establish CGM as a standard of care for these patients as well. In our experience to-date, real-time CGM has demonstrated inability to significantly improve a patient's average glucose values, time and range, and provide a holistic view of the effectiveness of the patient's treatment regime. As we explore this market further, it is becoming clear to us that CGM, when combined with knowledge-based decision support tools will help Type 2 patients optimize their diabetes therapy to a better medication management and behavior modification. Ultimately, we looked to demonstrate not only CGM's clinical value in this category, but also its impact on the expense of treating one of today's most costly conditions. From our product perspective, we believe our first-early product should be commercialized by the end of 2018 and anticipate that the second-generation device will be available in the 2020, 2021 timeframe. We continue to conduct human pilot studies with first-generation device and we have completed our initial feasibility studies for the secondarily product and remain excited about continued progress on our collaboration this year. Turning to our insulin delivery partners. Our G4 integrated pump offerings remain well liked by our mutual patients and we see continued progress in our other integrations with both G5 and G6 with advanced insulin delivery systems including pumps, smart pens and other connected diabetes management platforms. We expect to be able to highlight more specific progress as these integrated systems approach clinical trials and commercial launch. In conclusion, with our non-adjunctive claim and subsequent positive reimbursement ruling by Medicare, as well as our international expansion, our commercial team has plenty to keep them busy over the next several quarters. Additionally, the data published in JAMA and presented at ATTD were powerful. The more DexCom CGM study, the more we see the value it brings across the diabetes healthcare continuum to patients, to payers and to providers, all with minimal training and minimal investment along the way. With real world studies like DIaMonD and GOLD, we have never been in a better position to drive CGM penetration and capitalize on a healthcare payer environment that increasingly calls for outcomes to bring economic value. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And from JPMorgan, we have Mike Weinstein.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Good evening, everybody. Just maybe want to start, Kevin, with reimbursement. And let's cover if we can the progress both in the U.S. and in Germany. So, I heard your comments on both. How should we think about the timing of getting reimbursement from all the MACs? When do you think you'll have that process effectively complete? And then second, in Germany, could you just give us a sense of how much  give us a percentage of coverage that you may now have in place and how you expect that to track over the course of the year. I know you made comments earlier in the year when we were in San Francisco that about how strong December was in particular for Germany. So, we'd love to get your updated thoughts there.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, things continue to go well in Germany as reimbursement expands. We only have a partial group of the payers covered with specific contracts at this point in time, and we're reaching out to the rest of them. Those efforts will continue over the course of the year, Mike, and certainly we'd like to have a large percentage of them. I can't really give you where that is. Obviously, we'll shoot for 100%, but inevitably there ends up being nits along the way, but so far so good. The growth has been very good, so far in Germany, products are being very well received. As I said back in January, we're doing well with CGM in Germany. With respect to the MACs, we're just starting those discussions. And I believe as I said back in January, as a goal for us, we would love to have all this resolved by the middle of the year. But again, I also said in January that we weren't expecting approval till 2018. So, we have plans, we are working on presentations, meetings, et cetera well. We'll go as quick as we can.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: But obviously, we're not going to see any benefit from the Medicare expansion this quarter? If we see a benefit, it'll start to accrue in the second quarter, is that fair?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. There won't be any  there's no benefit in this quarter. The only thing that I wouldn't help though is we're getting a lot of phone calls from Medicare patients who would like it. So, we are optimistic for the opportunity once we can really go out and market this and present more. And we have a lot of opportunities in the pipeline waiting for the coverage.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. The G6 filing and the Verily G1 filing, are you going to do those in tandem, is that possible in your dialog with the FDA or are you going to space those out?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We will file the G6 system first. That trial will be done first. And then Verily filing will reference the G6 filing, particularly all the manufacturing of the sensor. And then we'll see where the filings go and what additional work we have to do. Obviously, we'll have to validate and verify all the electronics configurations and probably run some kind of study with that system since it will be a no calibration system. And it will be labeled different more than likely than the G6 because of the calibrations. So, we'll file G6 first, but the Verily configuration will come certainly not too long after that. We'll push pretty hard.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then last topic is, there was some question on the Street in terms of what impact Medicare reimbursement would have on your outlook for the year, obviously it's only late February at this point, and you still have to discuss with the MACs. So, the question I think probably people have is, one, are you seeing any impact of the FDA label change prior to getting the reimbursement from the MAC? Separate topics there. So, are you seeing any benefit from that? And is your confidence in the initial guidance you gave at the start of the year the same, unchanged, or is it higher as a result of the Medicare reimbursement?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Let's start with the non-adjunctive labeling change. For any of you who've seen our marketing campaigns, we have been marketing to that and the response from the public has been very well in our DTC campaigns with the non-adjunctive claim and therapeutic use of CGM. So, we are seeing some benefit to that right now. With respect to our guidance for the year, we reaffirmed in our call our guidance for the year. We have not really considered Medicare in those numbers at this point in time. And there will be moving pieces once Medicare gets approved, and we'll update everybody after we have that. I think Medicare will be very good for us. But we really need to know what group of patients is going to be covered, so we can peg it to a population and look at how many of those patients we can add. And we don't have that guidance yet, Mike. And when we get that, we'll provide you guys with more information.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Very helpful. Thank you, guys. I'll let some others jump in.
Operator: Thank you. And next from William Blair, we have Ben Andrew.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. And, Jess, congratulations on your decision to retire. I'm sure you'll enjoy your boat a whole lot more now.
Jess Roper - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Ben, for the kind words. It's been great working with you the last decade.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. You as well. We'll miss you. A couple of questions from me. Kevin, maybe is there an update on the G5x timing and how do you think about the magnitude, the impact of that as you roll that out over the course of, presumably, the year, or back half of the year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We don't have an update on timing. We received questions from the FDA and we are finishing our response to those. We will submit those. I would tell you the only factor in G5x timing for us  this is a very complicated change for us as I've talked about it before. We have to change pretty much every manufacturing process that we do with respect to G5x to get that thing launched. So, the sooner we can get started, the better, but it is complicated because patients will be on G5 and G4 and G5x and so there's a very detailed plan that we have to roll out. I don't have a timing update today. We'll see how our responses are received by the FDA and combine that with the complexity of just receiving a non-adjunctive claim as well. So, this is a very thoughtful process by the FDA that they're putting us through and that we're going through, and it needs to align with everything that we do.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the reimbursement discussion with the payers relative to the DIaMonD and GOLD data, particularly the new DIaMonD data, Kevin, how have your conversations changed now that you have that data in hand? Does it make  does it embolden you to consider risk-sharing contracts sooner than you might otherwise? And can you build on the notion of CGM first as you go through those conversations?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We've had the risk discussions and now that the DIaMonD data is rolled out, it does become a very strong talking point that we'd never had before. I would tell you, Ben, internally, we're not opposed to risk-sharing arrangements with the payers, particularly as we look at the DIaMonD data, and the type of A1c reduction we achieved, the minimal amount of severe hypoglycemic events that have gone on, that our past experience in our studies, where our patients have very few severe hypoglycemic events, hence, not a lot of hospitalization cost as well. The challenge for us in these types of contracts has not been our willingness to accept risk. It's been figuring out how to structure them based on the information that the payers have about their patients combining that with the information that we have regarding the performance of our systems. I'll give you a simple example. If a payer said, I'll do a risk-sharing arrangement with you, but you have to produce a report from the patient and if that patient chooses to use the receiver instead of the phone app, we don't necessarily have that patient's data readily accessible. So, it creates some different types of scenarios. And so, we're pursuing all of those. We've had very active discussions. They're interactive. They're lively. We're willing to accept some risk there. It's what we just need to get a few of these done. I'm hoping for some really good outcomes over the course of 2017 on that front.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then last one for me. You talked about increasing the field organization to 130. I thought I heard you say that was in Q1 and what was the number before, was it around 110?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It was closer to 100, little between 100 and 110. And most of those reps were added over the course of Q4 and early in Q1. So, we've been through our training and got these people on the street, and going. I would tell you whenever you have an expansion of this nature, it is a bit disruptive. It'll take the new ones a bit of time to get up to speed and our existing sales force a bit of time to get used to their readjusted territories.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Stephens, Inc. we have Chris Cooley.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon. I appreciate you taking the questions. Could you just remind us, maybe, Steve, a little bit more in terms of the metrics that you had built into the 2017 guide and maybe more specifically what you're expecting for attrition rates relative to year-end run rates as we play through the year? And then I have just one other quick follow-up. Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, we've never kind of broken out what specifically went into the guide. Obviously, you can assume  obviously U.S. ramp  continued U.S. ramp penetration in MDI patients is something we've talked quite a bit about as we've more recently added a majority of MDI versus pump patients. So that was factored in. Germany is obviously kind of ramped over the course of the year. We didn't  obviously when we gave the guidance early this year. At the same time, we estimated that Medicare was coming in 2018. So, you should assume in the current guidance there is no ramp for Medicare this year. But it's kind of the usual stuff. And then  sorry. Tell me the second part of your question.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: No.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: On attrition rates?
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Yes.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, we've never disclosed a specific attrition rate but the color we tried to give at the beginning of this year in the 8-K, we're trying to let you triangulate it. Attrition is a complex problem. It's a complex thing to analyze here because you have different time frames in which we have different attrition metrics and we're not going to go into that level of detail. But what we tried to triangulate you guys to was that an attrition rate that you could calculate, giving you a single number of somewhere between 8% and 12% on an annual basis. I know that's a bit of a range, but that was what we were trying to triangulate when we talked about kind of net new adds in 2016 and anticipated to gross adds plus net new adds, net total at the end of the year of around $275 million. It can get you to kind of a once a year attrition rate of somewhere between 8% to 12%.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. Just wanted to verify that. And then secondly, could you just maybe comment  I realize this is a longer-term growth opportunity but how you would see the potential benefit of shall we say smart pens going forward and helping further drive growth for CGM especially as you're starting to see more of your patients come from the MDI population? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. We think the opportunity is huge, particularly as we look to the future and we know  we know ultimately the day will come where this fight is going to be fought. It's not being fought today at the payer level even more so  not just in the U.S. but in the O-U.S. markets where pumps are really probably less than 10% penetrated and in many markets far less than that. So, we think the  we're very bullish on the opportunity for smart pens. We believe many companies both insulin companies and non-insulin companies are working on smart pen development, a number of licensor are working and announced publicly they're working with different algorithms and different software developers. So, I think over the next 18 to 24 months we're pretty excited to see some of the products that can come to market. I think much like our sensors driving some of the work we're doing on the automated insulin delivery systems with some of the pump partners, you're going to see really the real value in these systems. We'll be integrating that insulin on board information from a smart pen together with our CGM data in a single unified app on the phone. And we can do some pretty powerful stuff there. So, we start demonstrating outcomes with a smart pen together with CGM data and providing patients with dosing support information, behavior modification information. Really, at a fraction of cost of some more complex systems, I think we really have a home run there.
Chris Cooley - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Canaccord Genuity, we have Kyle Rose.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yes.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to  I know it's still early days with regard to the CMS and the Medicare opportunity, but just wanted to take a step back and think from a high level. One of the things, I think our takeaways from 2016 was just the changing needs of the new patients that are adopting the technology at this pace. And obviously, there were some big customer service investments took place last year. And just  how do you  when you think about the CMS population and that being a different demographic just from a user basis, what type of investments do you foresee from an infrastructure standpoint? And how do you view those patients just from a potential utilization perspective different than some of the previous patients you've seen in prior years?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure. I'll take that one, Kyle. From a customer service perspective, obviously we need to be ready on the phone to talk to these people. And we've made a lot of investments just in underlying IT tools to make our team more effective and enable them to handle more calls and have more of a knowledge-based type system as they address when they work with these patients. And so, we believe we're ready for this. We are also expanding our call center operations in Q2. We're going to take our facility in Arizona and have a second call center over there. Several of our people actually are moving from San Diego over there to man that. So, we won't have a bunch of start-up time to get up and running. We'll have some great people over there working and that will help us as well. With respect to utilization, it's been interesting as we've gone through analytics on our patient base. Forever, our most loyal patient group has been the over 50. The over 50 patients, while they're on this, they have not left us. They have been very, very loyal. So, I think what you'll see with these patients is very similar to what Steve talked about as we broaden the patient base. It will probably be a function of  they'll start off and if they don't like it, they'll quit fast, and if they like it, we will, we think we can keep them on for a very long time. And it's our job and our challenge to make sure that quick-fast thing doesn't happen. And we have to make our system. We have a team called Dexcom CARE that reaches out to patients and can train them directly on tools like Skype and FaceTime, and things like that. We need to make sure that group is heavily involved with our senior population as we ramp them up. And we'll do that, and we're working on that. So, we're optimistic that they'll stay.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, just another one there. When we read the CMS rule, it provided reimbursement on a monthly basis. That includes some of the other related supplies. Just, I know you're putting the business model together now, but from a longer term perspective, I mean do you envision a plan where your yield provides some of the other ancillary supplies for calibration and things of that sort at least in the near term or do you plan to partner to add some of those incremental products? How do you view that getting distributed to the customer?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. In the near term, it will probably be in partnership with one of our DME suppliers, but over time, who knows? I think that looking at the economics broadly speaking, I think particularly as we look to some of our future sensor products which go to 10 days or 14 days, the economics are quite favorable to us. I think we're pretty happy there.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then just a last question for me is, just any expectations to see the initial or your feasibility data from the Verily, G1 at some point this year, and if so, is ADA the most likely place we should think about that?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Probably not. Well, not ADA. Hopefully, we can do something before the end of the year. I mean we have initial data in-house, but it's in a limited number of patients, so it's not something that we're  we typically wait until the study is pretty well baked. We don't attend (39:39) patient in-house studies and something we spend a lot of time talking about. I can tell you there's a lot of people at Google who walk around with this thing as well. There's a pretty good data set, but we're not  probably not in ADA, maybe later in the year.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Morgan Stanley, we have David Lewis.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Maybe just two questions for Kevin, one tactical one, one strategic. So, Kevin, just given the changing competitive dynamics were a big focus last quarter, I wonder if you could just update us on these dynamics in the U.S. and ex-U.S. sort of in the fourth quarter or perhaps kind of early 2017, relative to your commentary in the third quarter and what assumptions, if any were made, for 670G or Libre timing in the 2017 guide? And I have a quick strategic follow-up.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: With respect to our 2017 guidance, we built out the model based on what we think we can achieve. And we do consider the fact that these other products will be out. I think a lot will depend on how they're labeled and how they're going to be used, and timing. So. we built our models out with the best assumptions we had at hand and leave them at that. So, we did consider some of those things. We do not like competitors drive our growth assumptions. We hold our people to a standard that this technology and this therapy is important for everybody. So, we don't get to sit back and see where there's competition. I'll take my foot off the gas. So, we don't do that. We do consider it. And then, we'd be aware where that with line on sight. I forgot the other part of your question, David?
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sure. So, you think competitive dynamics, Kevin, were pretty stable sort of the fourth quarter relative to your commentary in the third?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say. Yeah. Coming into that third quarter call, remember the 670G had just been approved. And so, I think there is considerable additional noise at that point in time that's largely dived down, I would argue. And we were just at a big diabetes conference in Paris, and without tapping ourselves on the back, I would say DexCom was again the shining star particularly in terms of our sensor performance and the data we released. So, I think it's quieted down quite a bit.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then Kevin, just real quick strategically. I apologize, I'm in an airport here. But this announced divesture of J&J  this J&J divesture has ignited a debate around your integrated products. So, I feel like there is two gaps, right? Some see value in the second integrated pump CGM player, and other say, given the DIaMonD study and the market opportunities at MDI and T2, why bother with pumps? And I wonder if you provide or share your updated perspective and I'll jump back in queue. Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We continue to support several integrated insulin delivery systems and we'll continue to do so. We have built our company on the concept that our goal is CGM first. And these guys will tell you I walk around the hall all-day long, and saying, some more sensors, some more sensors, some more sensors. I think there will be some benefit to the integrated systems. We have to drive our business based on the information through reimbursement and sales dynamics that we have today. And so, we're focused on that and we'll see where our investments and our relationships and partnerships pay off over time.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Raymond James, we have Jayson Bedford.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just a few kind of clean-up type question. Just to clarify, the expected year-end installed base is still 270,000, correct?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: 270,000. Yes.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. In terms of the new transmitter and inserter, do you plan on waiting for the G6 to launch these products or you're going to launch them as they get approved?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: It will depend upon timing, the approval and the timing of the G6 filing and a number of factors. Our plan today is launch when they get approved. But we will consider all that, Jayson, as we look out over the course of the year.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And on Germany, of the contracts that you've signed, are they covering both Type 1 and insulin-dependent Type 2?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. They are.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly from me, on the Medicare opportunity, are you actively selling or marketing into this market opportunity right now or do those efforts get kick-started maybe in the second quarter?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're not really actively marketing. We are getting a lot of enquiries about that and it is indicated as CMS approved. So, people call and ask us to market that. The physician  individuals can get approved CMS reimbursement on their own if they apply and go through the process of getting into dual reimbursement. We are not leading those efforts. We are guiding towards getting more clarification from the MACs and CMS in general, so we can get it approved and then make it easier for the entire population.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's all. Thank you.
Operator: And next from Leerink Partners, we have Danielle Antalffy.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: How're you doing?
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Kevin, this question is for you. And, Jess, just congratulations on your retirement. I hope you enjoy the time. Kevin, as we get closer to a Verily product, closer to a real Type 2 opportunity, how do you see DexCom as a company from a scale perspective both manufacturing, distribution, et cetera, evolving? And how much lead time do you need to sort of get there, to where you can handle what is potentially a massive opportunity?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That's a fantastic question and one that we debate and struggled with. And one of the reasons quite frankly you'll see over the next several quarters large capital equipment investments for us as we build out an alternative manufacturing facility in Arizona. We need to be ready to handle this type of volume. And it is going to be different. Many of these patients, for example, won't wear sensors all the time. They may wear four sensors a year. So, even our relationship with these patients is going to be different. The call will be different. We're doing a lot of studies and a lot of work right now to figure out what that market's going to look like. We think a lot of it will be payer-driven. These patients don't spend a lot of money on fingerstick today for us to go in and offer a solution. Similar with Type 1 patients are paying, we know doesn't work. So, intermittency jam (47:00) will be a reality for these patients and how much are we going to spend a year, and how many sensors are patients going to wear and what we're working on is just developing thoughts as to what those programs look like and what type of benefit they could provide. But again, as we've shown in our investor slides in a two- to four-week period, we can see some of these patients taking their estimated A1c down more than a full point and their average glucose values move down significantly, because they don't get feedback from anything like CGM. And it really enables patients to pull the three levers that there are in taking care of Type 2 diabetes, medication, exercise and diet. And by pulling those three levers and getting real-time feedback in a mechanism that's easy to look at, their phones, say, hey, well, maybe I ought to do something a little bit different. We see dramatic results. In fact, somebody I talked to the other day was looking at Type 2 study data and said, do you realize this is more significant than any Type 2 drug I've ever seen? I said, yeah, I do. And so, we know the opportunities there. It is going to be a different business model, Danielle, and we really have to give it a lot of thought and go pretty quickly and develop a lot of data. I think there will be a lot of exciting announcements from us. We're going to have to be creative. We're going to have to think differently than we have in the past, but we're preparing to do that and having a lot of fun trying to put it together.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. Thanks so much for that. And then just a follow-up on the Type 2 opportunity. Do you think the first-gen Verily product that we could see in 2018  at the end of 2018 I guess, I should say, is that going to be a product that can open up that Type 2 market or will that be limited to maybe insulin dependent Type 2s or how do we think about that product and approaching Type 2s in a real way?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We hope to open up the market with that product. We are doing work now with our Gen 5 product even with the two calibrations a day and getting very good results from that. But that is one thing we would certainly like to focus on. If we could accelerate and go faster with our current configuration, we can. But we're somewhat cost-constrained today due to the cost of the hardware and the fact that it is reusable now. So just  that is a product certainly will drive this market with. The app, for example, could look a little different than what we have today, but still provide the same data, just maybe in a little different format. There's a lot of decisions to be made as we go forward.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Cowen and Company, we have Doug Schenkel.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC.: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. I guess maybe my first one is just another one on Medicare. Given the pent-up demand, upcoming reimbursement, and the huge clinical need for these patients, why can't penetration move to where the broader market rate is today pretty rapidly  maybe not this year but in 2018 and 2019?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I think the biggest gating factor would be just education, right? We've not at all targeted this patient population historically. In fact, we spent a lot of time targeting younger patients when we got our pediatric approval. So, I think there's going to be an element of education. Right now, most folks probably still believe there is not reimbursement for the over-65 patient population. So it's going to take a little time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: But we think  I absolutely think we can get there if not even higher.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. But certainly with the demand we've seen generated just at the early stages here  yeah, that's right.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC.: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, I guess a follow-up on some of the Type 2 questions. You've discussed ongoing programs with commercial payers in the U.S. and an effort to improve Type 2 reimbursement. Can you give us a status update on these programs, and do you believe broader Type 2 commercial coverage could come faster than you've previously discussed, given the progress with CMS?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No. I mean. Again, we're still waiting to see what the ultimate scope of coverage looks like out of CMS. But I think on the private payer side, my belief is that we still need some more data. The DIaMonD Type 2 data was great. We showed benefit in that patient population, but I think we're going to need some additional larger studies, particularly as we look outside of the intensively managed Type 2 population into folks on orals or diet and exercise. We've got to show not just outcomes, we've got to show cost benefit and that some of the initiatives we have internally. I'm not going to get into details, but some of the things we're working on internally, we're really starting to look at that data and look at how we will present it to the payers, but it's certainly not a this year event...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: There's a lot of work to do I agree, Steve. Although I guess the caveat that I would add, if we went by the assumption that Type 2 intensive insulin using CMS patients had access to CGM and we could see very positive outcomes there as we gather data from the phone systems in particular, we would have a very good case to go back to payers with that we don't have today. So, this might provide us a wonderful opportunity to go do that. We just need to see how it plays out.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen and Company, LLC.: Okay. Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next from BMO Capital Markets, we have Joanne Wuensch.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good evening and it's great to talk to you. The new hires that happened in the fourth quarter, could you help me understand how these people are going to be focused. Is it more educational? Is it more regional? And is it more counter-detailing all the competitive launches which are currently happening and expected to?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No, I mean these are folks that  so as Kevin alluded to when he described that the existing sales force getting used to new territories. What happens when we do a field sales force expansion is many territories will end up shrinking, quotas go up and territories shrink, and that's just sort of the nature of a growth business like this. So, the people that we added in Q4 and maybe a little bit in Q1 these are kind of quota-carrying sales reps who will have their own territory. Their primary detail will be doctors, will be endocrinologists. In terms of counter-detailing, no, we don't spend our time bashing the competition because frankly right now we don't have much competition. We're out detailing the benefits of our product to doctors. And so, these people, as Kevin said, it takes a little time to get them ramped up but they've gone through sales force training and they're currently in the field, so we'll start to look for contribution as we look into the latter parts of 2017.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Terrific. And then just a follow-up question. It sounds like some of the noise that we talked about in the third quarter call has quieted down. Anything in particular that drove that other than  I mean, I won't even answer my own question, what sort of caused that quieter or calmer moment? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. The news is kind of out between  particularly with respect to 670G. There's like a pretty broad-based media blitz surrounding 670G both from Medtronic and from  some from other industry, the advocacy groups. So, it's just kind of quieted down at this point, they still haven't launched the product, still remains to be seen when they will actually start the commercial launching and to what scale and scope that commercial launch will be when they actually do launch it. So, I think just the noise has certainly died down in the clinics and otherwise.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Very helpful. Have a good evening. Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And next, from Piper Jaffray, we have Tom Bakas.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. My first question, I just want to make sure I heard you correctly. Did you say that the second generation Verily product is now potentially a 2021 product? And what we're seeing  go ahead, sorry.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're focused on 2020. We had it 2021 to be conservative just in case. Our focus is 2020 right now.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: But we just  we did that to give ourselves a bit of hedge. I don't think anybody would be happy if it were 2021, but you know what, there's a lot going on in our industry that will be moving between now and when that product gets launched, and there's a lot of variables that are under our control at this point in time. So, we did that to be a little conservative. We have very aggressive timelines for that system and we'll stick with them.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then, I guess, just given all the other developments that have sort of come up over the last few quarters, the transition of the pharmacy seem to sort of taken a back seat. Just hoping you could update us on the progress of that channel shift and just how important this is moving forward for the company?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Of all the initiatives we started, this is the one that has moved, quite frankly, slower than anything that we wanted to. And the key, there have been two factors that have made it slower than we liked. Number one, we want to maintain a certain level of pricing, so we've had opportunities to move from time to time, where pricing is just prohibited and we're not willing to set these options, and the other one in, in all honesty, our providers, our payers, everybody does not share the same sense of urgency with our technology that we do, whereas we see this opportunity to make it wonderful for people to go to the drugstore and pick this up. By the time somebody from accounting goes back and figures out how many Type 1 patients they have in their system and how many Type 1 patients through CGM, and then it takes time and we've had numerous creative proposals by our payer team to get us to pharmacy then with more of that literally have  they haven't died, they're just being evaluated beyond belief. And we would love to go there. I think as we go forward, in 2020, when we're selling the Verily mandate-type product for 2021, if I go with the conservative, that has to be sold at the drugstore. We can't handle the demand that we're going to have for this number of patients, even in Type 2 with 20 million patients as you look at penetrating that in at a rate of intermittent use much higher than what we have now, those products all have to be sold on the drugstore and the reimbursement channel has to change. For our current Type 1 population that change has not happened this quickly as we'd like it. And quite frankly, it hasn't had to sustain our growth. Over time, we believe that's where our technology needs to be and we're going to look at some different approaches, some different contract-type approaches. And maybe quite frankly keeping some of it in the DME and trying to get it easier for patients to get to system, one of the things we see in the first quarter as deductibles reset. My e-mails, my negative e-mails bounced around as to what I get. And now, in the first quarter, what I get from everybody is, hey, why can't I get my stuff? And usually the response is from customer service because their deductible reset, because we have to get all these new documentation and stuff. So, I think what you'll see from us going forward, we will continue to try and go to pharmacy where it makes sense and those cases where we're just not going to crack that barrier. What we want to do is decrease the documentation load to try and get it easier for patients to get on and to stay on and make it easier for them to buy the system.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. I appreciate that. Have a great night.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Wedbush Securities, we have Tao Levy.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, gentleman. Maybe a quick clarification of  I feel obligated to ask this question. So, I apologize ahead of time. The agreement that you have with European countries that's not the same as in the U.S. regarding the receiver. Can you explain that briefly if possible?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. So, in essence, it is the same. In Europe, it is also a voluntary recall. But what we did agree and we agreed in a couple of countries to affirmatively bring product back. You're going to see other countries posting similar notifications is my guess over the next, I don't know, months probably. But as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've already  we accrued for any potential exposure in 2016 and this shouldn't have any impact going forward.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. So, if we have to replace those receivers out in the international markets, that shouldn't have a financial impact going forward?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, in the selected financial markets. And again, remember we launched the new configuration of our receiver in the fall. And so, as we've sold more receivers that we've grown since last fall, those receivers won't be subject to this initiative. But the patients in Europe got the same letter the patients did in the U.S. when we started the recall procedure. This isn't anything new to us. And we've been talking with many of the countries for months and many of the countries are signed off on what we did in the U.S. and felt it was good enough. We continue to have a piece of paper in the sensor box reminding people please test the other functionality of your receiver. Many of the countries felt that was good enough. Some of the others are still evaluating, some including the one that we read about recently, have decided it isn't. They want us to recall the devices that may be subject to failure and replace them with the newer configuration in the interest of patient safety, and we'll do that.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And I didn't hear whether you reiterated your gross margin guidance that you provided at the beginning of the year, the 67%, you had 70%?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. We didn't change.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: We didn't change anything.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And lastly, you provided you guidance for the installed base to grow kind of around 35% this year, but your sales guidance is only  you're guiding for 25% to 30%. What's the difference there? Because normally when a comeback historically, I mean those two numbers of growth rates are pretty close to each other and then this year it seems to be a wider delta. Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. It's primarily timing-driven. When we add the new patients, we ramp over the course of the year and the fourth quarter is always the largest number, but sometimes the fair margin and the largest number of new patient additions during the given year, but those guys don't contribute from a sensor-disposable perspective like patients that are already onboard.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I guess the other thing I would add is just the size of the installed base already. Even as we look at our monthly and quarterly numbers, new patients don't move the needle as much as they did in the past, because the installed base purchase is so much of the product that's there. So, I think the timing combined with more from our installed base are what make those numbers a little different.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay, right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next from Robert Baird, we have Jeff Johnson.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good evening, guys. Just a couple of last minute question or maybe. So, on CMS, I know we've talked about it a lot. But Kevin, when the document first came out in January it looked like it included both T1 and T2 coverage. I'm assuming that's probably a negotiated point, though, with the MACs. Just maybe your latest feeling on, do we see T2 coverage early on once some of the coverage starts coming in? And then I'd heard that  and I don't remember where I heard this, but that you're maybe not having to negotiate with all 12 MACs. There's more consolidated negotiating point there that you're dealing with. Can you just flesh that out for me a little bit?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes. I would say it's too early to tell on the first part of your question. We're not deep enough in discussions on what the scope is going to look like. But you're correct in that under Part B, where we reside, there are only four MACs that need to actually work together with. So...
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And I would...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Too much more efficient process under Part B.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just more efficient and easier to get these agreements put in place. And then Kevin, you've talked about your 50-year-old and older patient base being kind of the most loyal portion of the wearers. I don't know that I've asked this question before but as patients' age into the Medicare population at 65, what's the dropout rate? Is it a very high dropout rate? Or said another way, I'd assume your penetration rate in the Medicare population is pretty low. I just don't know if I ever heard you answer that question. Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Excuse me. It's been very low because they don't have reimbursement. So, our dropout rate's been relatively high unless they want to pay cash. So, it's been a challenge for us.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And I guess that was my question. You said they were very loyal after 50, so most of them know they're loyal until 65 and then they do dropout, so this is a very low penetration rate.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. And we get heartbreaking e-mails from them or from their spouses all the time.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Understood. I just want to make sure. Thanks then.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: They can't afford it. Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: You know what, I'm going to offer some concluding remarks and then we'll be done. Thanks, everybody, for the questions and for listening. Year-end earnings calls are a great time of reflection as we look back at the accomplishments of another year. In a year of much confusion and turmoil in the diabetes industry, DexCom grew revenues more than 40% and annual increase of approximately $170 million in worldwide revenue, a number that's quite frankly more amazing than the percentage when you compare DexCom to everybody else in our industry. We received our non-adjunctive claim, CMS approval came right after the end of the year, and significant advancements have been made on the international reimbursement front. All these things point to realization of our vision, that CGM will become the standard of care for diabetes and this is going to happen very quickly. No company has a product pipeline like ours and the investments we've made in products, facilities, people, processes, our Verily relationship and other relationships will put us in a position to remain a leader in this industry and continue to have a major impact on the lives of people affected by diabetes, their healthcare providers, and ultimately upon reducing the costs associated with diabetes across the board. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc. Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. John J. Dunn - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Adrian and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Kevin Sayer, President and CEO. Kevin Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you very much and thanks everyone for listening to our third quarter conference call today. We'll start off by turning the line over to Steve Pacelli for our traditional Safe Harbor statement. Steve?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, belief and expectations about future events, strategies, competition, products, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement after the date of this presentation or to confirm these forward-looking statements to actual result. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in today's press release, which is available on our website. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with our usual format, Steve will review our third quarter financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a few minutes to discuss recent developments in the U.S. competitive landscape. Approximately a month ago Medtronic announced it had received FDA approval of the 670G hybrid closed loop system. Since that time, there has been significant press surrounding this product, which has created a considerable  which has created considerable confusion in the marketplace. For example, we've recently attended a diabetes charity event where it was declared from the podium that Type 1 diabetes is now being cured because of the FDA approved artificial pancreas. Clearly, this is not the case, patients and caregivers are showing signs of skepticism and frustration due to the over-hype of the promise of this technology. Our review of the currently available data suggests that although this product may be an incremental step in automated insulin delivery, it appears to be an extremely complex system and its real world performance remains to be seen. Earlier that same day Abbott announced FDA approval of the FreeStyle Libre Professional System. This system is not a direct competitor to our core commercial product portfolio in the U.S., as the data generated by the sensor is blinded to the patient and only made available to the clinician retrospectively. Additionally, the first independent studies regarding Libre's performance as a consumer device are beginning to be published, when compared Libre to DexCom G5 where DexCom CGM outperformed on nearly every metric, including improved time in range and reduced time in hypoglycemia. Just last week, at the ISPAD Meeting in Spain, a pediatric study was published showing that Libre accuracy is inconsistent and not reflective of previously published data. Put simply, this form of technology does not achieve the same results in diabetes management as CGM and alerts and alarms and real-time communication are very critical in generating real clinical outcomes. While we are always vigilant of these well resourced (04:24) competitors and we expect the noise surrounding these offerings to only increase, we will continue to focus on the things that we do well. A superior performance and feature set of our current and future products, including industry standard accuracy, reliable real-time alerts and alarms and connectivity across multiple platforms leave us well-positioned to remain the leader in CGM. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $149 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $105 million for the same quarter in 2015, a $43 million or 41% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q3 was up approximately 8% from the prior quarter. Our third quarter gross profit was $101 million, generating a gross margin of 68% compared to a gross profit of $75 million and a gross margin of 71% for the same quarter in the prior year. As we mentioned during our Q2 earnings call, our warranty costs remain higher than historical levels due primarily to the receiver recall. This has impacted gross margin by 1 point to 2 points during Q3. However, as expected, warranty costs as a percentage of sales began to decline in Q3 and should normalize before the end of the year. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits, our mix between durable and consumable products was within our normal historical range in Q3 at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. The ASP for our hardware has remained stable and sensor pricing remains within an ASP range of $70 to $75 per sensor. Finally, our international business showed continued year-over-year growth generating $18 million in revenue during the quarter, up 29% from last year. Although, international sales were relatively flat sequentially, OUS revenues are up over 40% year-to-date. Research and development expense totaled $44 million for Q3 of 2016 compared to $65 million in Q3 of 2015, with the decrease due primarily to the $36.5 million non-cash milestone payment to Verily in connection with our collaboration offset by increases consistent with those we have discussed throughout the year. Specific to our near-term pipeline, during the quarter we incurred significant expense associated with our G6 pivotal study, our continued efforts with the FDA to obtain a non-adjunctive claim for our system, and several other recent FDA submissions. We also incurred significant expense related to our advanced product pipeline, particularly expenses associated with our Verily partnership, future generation sensor technologies, and the building out of our data platforms. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $76 million in Q3 of 2016 compared to $52 million during the same quarter in 2015 with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our customer support organizations as well as a ramp in our patient-focused marketing expenses, higher IT costs, and investment in our OUS expansion efforts. Our net loss for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $19 million, which included $34 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Our net loss was wider than Street estimates and even our own internal expectations due to a number of factors including, one, building out our customer ops and tech support infrastructure to address the customer service issues we experienced during the first part of the year. We believe that these groups are now staffed appropriately to support our anticipated growth and new product launches through 2017. Two, increased direct-to-consumer marketing in Q3, which we expect to further increase in Q4 as our metrics suggest strong conversion rates with our early programs. And finally, we added new senior talent during the first part of the year, which led to incremental compensation expense and some severance expense during the quarter. We also remind investors that our operating expenses this quarter included increased spend on the four strategic investments that we outlined at the beginning of the year, namely our Verily relationship, building out our data analytics capabilities, international expansion, and finally our new manufacturing facility in Arizona. We're now trending to the $40 million of incremental expense we outlined earlier this year. Absent non-cash charges, non-GAAP cash-based net income was $15 million for Q3. Our GAAP loss per share for the quarter was $0.22. We ended the third quarter with $127 million in cash and marketable securities. And with respect to 2016 revenue guidance, we currently believe that we will fall within the mid to upper end of our range of $550 million to $575 million in revenue for the year. However, we do not expect to exceed the top end at this time. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Thank you, Steve. As many of you know, during the past few years, we have consistently increased our annual revenue guidance on the third quarter call. We're obviously pleased with our continued growth during Q3 and adoption of DexCom CGM remains very robust. More importantly, the majority of our new patient additions are now MDI patients, a long-stated goal of our company. But there are some variables we are currently experiencing that we haven't seen in prior years. First, our hardware sales model has been significantly affected by the issues we've encountered with our receiver and the related product recall. Numerous patients have returned their receivers for new ones free of charge. Historically, these would have been revenue-generating replacement receivers particularly in the fourth quarter as our patients' out of pocket expenses are much lower than any other time of the year. I would like to note, however, that we have completed all of the compliance procedures related to this recall and have filed the appropriate documentation with the FDA to close out this action. Next, our international business grew 29% in Q3, a bit slower than the past several quarters, and our sequential increase from Q2 is relatively flat. In countries where CGM is not reimbursed Libre has gained traction with its low-cost approach. As we consulted with healthcare providers and patients in these markets, we found that these are cost-based decisions not performance-based decisions, and virtually any one we speak to would agree that our system offers so much more. This is exemplified by the recent reimbursement decision in Germany to not cover products like Libre. We remain optimistic about our long-term international growth outlook, particularly in EU, where we have made early progress on the reimbursement front, and other geographies in addition to Germany. Our biggest growth opportunity internationally remains reimbursement for CGM. We knew that going into 2016. And that's why we made the decision to establish our international headquarters and to begin to ramp up our internal sales and support staff. Germany represents a prime example of this strategy. We evaluated the opportunity and determined the best way to attack here was to bring our distributor team into DexCom. We expect to make additional international investment to obtain reimbursement and accelerate growth in reimburse markets in future years. Finally, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, there's a lot of confusion in the U.S. marketplace today. The media blip surrounding what is being called the new artificial pancreas has been deafening. Based on what they've been told, many patients currently perceive that they will no longer need to manage their diabetes if they purchase this product. Therefore, many patients are willing to delay purchase decision until this system becomes commercially available, or they're being directed to purchase the current Medtronic offering, with the promise of being first in line for the 670G. So in the short-term, we intend to focus on the following: continue to reinforce our CGM first message, emphasize data from multiple recent clinical studies demonstrating outstanding real world outcomes with standalone CGM, and focus on the connectivity and ease of use of our current and future systems. Over the long-term, we are developing CGM systems which are much more accurate and reliable than today's products, and greatly reduce the daily burden of diabetes management. These systems will be cost-effective solutions for the management of Type 1 and intensively treated Type 2 patients globally. Our insulin delivery partners will have access to this exquisite technology, and we believe we will have very competitive product offerings in automated delivery market in the not too distant future. Now, I'll move on to a pipeline update. We never believed we would be alone in this marketplace. Accordingly, we have strategically positioned our product pipeline to maintain our technological leadership position in CGM. Specifically, we continue to work with the FDA to finalize the parameters of a non-adjunctive claim for our G5 Mobile system. For example, we are working through the additional training and education that will be required for non-adjunctive sensor system. We continue to work through the final size and scope of a post-market study. Finally, as we have stated previously, the FDA is working to establish standards for a non-adjunctive CGM, not just sensor accuracy standards, but manufacturing and performance standards as well. We have submitted and we'll continue to submit data to support such standards, but nothing has been finalized at this point. As a result, timing of this approval is more likely an early 2017 event, but, importantly, at this time, we do not anticipate that these ongoing deliberations will impact our goal of obtaining Medicare coverage in 2018. We are actively engaged in discussions with both FDA and CMS regarding the non-adjunctive system. Let me emphasize this. This is a really big deal. When we go out into the field, Medicare coverage is the most common topic and the most urgent need presented by the caregivers we visit. Turning to other product pipeline developments; we continue to make progress on several enhancements to our G5 Mobile platform. We recently received FDA approval for a new version of the iOS G5 Mobile app, and a new transmitter firmware configuration which provides us with key features like mute override, improved Bluetooth connectivity, and several other features to enhance the patient experience. We're pleased to report that we've filed a PMA supplement seeking approval of our new insertion system and smaller transmitter. We've also filed a PMA supplement seeking approval of a next-generation receiver which incorporates a color touch screen display. And finally, we've filed a PMA supplement for our G5 Mobile app for Android, and depending on the timing of FDA review, we expect the U.S. launch of our Android platform to occur in late 2016 or early 2017. We already launched Android in several key markets internationally earlier this quarter. We continue to work on several other enhanced versions of our G5 Mobile app to provide additional features and functionality, including the incorporation of insulin data. Turning to future sensor technology. G6 is as important an advance in our technology as was the shift from SEVEN PLUS to G4 PLATINUM in 2012. Gen 6 is a complete change in our sensor platform: new algorithm, new sensor, many new features. Initially, it will provide the basis for reducing calibrations, and we believe it will be the foundation of our no-calibration technology, both with our first Verily products and with our Gen 7 system. I'm pleased to report that we have commenced our pivotal trial and to date, 40% to 50% of patients have completed the study. The Gen 6 pivotal is the largest pivotal study that we have ever executed, with pediatric and adult patients included in one combined study of approximately 300 subjects. We could not be more excited about the prospects for Gen 6, in large part due to extremely promising datasets captured during a number of pre-pivotal studies. Early Gen 6 data will be presented next week at the Diabetes Technology Meeting in Bethesda. All we can tell you now is, we are not going backwards with respect to accuracy and reduction in and/or elimination of calibrations. We are working with several of our automated insulin delivery partners to incorporate G6 into the research and clinical studies, to gather more valuable data on these systems. Gen 6 will more than likely be a 2018 launch, and we'll provide more color as we get further into the study and the filing. Turning to our partnership with Verily; our collaboration to develop simple, low-cost, disposable sensor systems is one of the most aggressive innovative development opportunities we've ever engaged in. Our initial joint product offering with Verily will be a no-calibration CGM platform based on the Gen 6 technology. We believe the products we develop in our Verily partnership will not only expand CGM use in Type 1, but will drive entry into the non-insulin using Type 2 market. As we continue to do research into this Type 2 market, it has become more and more evident that the approach to the treatment of Type 2 diabetes has been historically very hit or miss. For example, roughly 40% to 50% of patients remain partly (17:52) controlled, despite a proliferation of new drug classes over the recent years. We believe the information our system provides to a Type 2 patient exceeds anything they can learn from the tools that they use today. CGM paired with knowledge-based decision support delivers healthcare providers a window into glucose variability and enables patients to visually connect the cause and effect the diet, physical activity and medication choices have on glucose, therefore driving sustainable behavioral changes. Put simply, CGM data advances the potential for treatment optimization and ultimately better clinical outcomes and lower long-term costs. We believe the first product developed in collaboration with Verily should be commercialized in the second half of 2018. And we expect that the smaller bandage-like sensor could be available as early as 2020. The first feasibility study of the bandage-like sensor is taking place this quarter. With respect to our insulin delivery partners, our G5 integrated pump offerings remain popular among patients, and all of our partners are making progress on integrating more advanced insulin delivery systems that leverage our G5 and G6 technologies with pumps, smart pens and other connected diabetes management platforms. Early studies on several of these platforms look promising and we anxiously await the outcomes. In conclusion, we have long-held the largest market opportunity in insulin using patients for our (19:20) product is in the MDI segment, representing more than 70% of patients in the U.S. and more than 90% outside the U.S. With all the noise in the current marketplace, it appears people have lost sight of how compelling the data from our DIaMonD study actually is. In patients using CGM, we saw full 1% reduction in A1c, which is unheard of in almost any other diabetes study. Patients on DexCom also experienced decreased time in hypoglycemia and improved time in range, all of these outcomes achieved with a minimal amount of training and without a complicated and expensive insulin delivery system. The CGM first message will continue to resonate. We also remain extremely bullish on our future market opportunity to change the management of Type 2 diabetes with our CGM platforms. The information we are gathering from patients is fascinating and confirms what we have long believed. The prototype 2 patient is also the father of one of our scientists, who has Type 2 diabetes and has been using our product. Diabetes has been a series of losing battles for 20 years. CGM has given (20:31) first win. I now like to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you and good afternoon guys. So Kevin  so the first question is, it sounds like the  it sounds like the approval of 670G and all the discussion around it has basically taken up all the noise in the room and made things a little bit more difficult for the rest of the diabetes players. I don't know if you saw it, but Tandem reported relatively soft results and guided down for the year. So it sounds like that's kind of occupying all the discussion right now in this space. So two questions. One, can you maybe just characterize kind of the tone of business kind of pre and post that? Obviously, it's reflected in your guidance commentary for the fourth quarter, but any other color there would be great. And then, two, how do you change that dynamic? How do you make it, so that you're not spending the next six months trying to get people's attention when Medtronic seems to have dominated the discussion over the last month? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, Mike, not only getting their attention, but talking about a product that's not commercially available yet that patients can't see and the perception being created that it truly is an artificial pancreas. Where we're taking the discussion Mike is back to the fact that CGM is the most important tool in intensively managing diabetes. And the outcomes we've achieved in the DIaMonD study, there are several other studies coming out in the not too distant future that are similar to that real world studies, are great outcomes. Our problem  the doctors have been very supportive. They're very much taking a wait-and-see attitude. We've done very well with clinics in getting our message across to them. Again, it's just this confusion or cloud that's hanging above us all. We'll focus on CGM first, quite honestly, in the fourth quarter, in particular the investment in CGM. If somebody's made their (23:03) deductable is not tremendously large. We will offer programs to encourage new patients to sign up. You'll see those come out over the Internet over the next couple weeks to see if we can get  certainly get more patients on. I would tell you from a color perspective, our reorder patterns still remain very strong. We're not seeing reorders fall out of the queue, we're not seeing new patients. We get signed up a lot of the queue saying we don't want to go over (23:28) the other way. It's just combating the overall noise. And we went through not as much noise with 530G, but we did go through noise with 530G as well. The difference being that product (23:39) and we knew exactly what we were going after. There have been studies comparing our sensors to theirs and other things. So we could adopt a technical and a tactical approach. This time, there isn't one because again their product is not out. So we'll just continue to deploy, we'll continue to offer promotions, our DTC campaign has been very effective as far as generating the leads. But that's just where we are today.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Kevin talk a little bit about international being flat sequentially. Can you kind of attribute some of that  what amount to the move to direct operation separate of maybe an impact from Libre? And then, second, how should we think about the impact of you guys going direct and getting reimbursement, and when that will begin to impact revenues at least in Germany?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: So there was no impact in Q3 with respect to reimbursement in Germany. And if anything, what we did is, we've significantly increased our operating expenses by adding the operating expenses of our distributor to our own expense line. We are seeing now, as reimbursement is starting to sporadically come in for some of the payers in Germany, there are opportunities of new patients, have gone up quite significantly. I think, there will be a bit of a bump in Q4 for 2016 for Germany. But it really is more of a 2017 event than it is late 2016, probably more Q2 and beyond, again as we have to get reimbursement and insurance contracts signed up. But the  we have the staff to go do that and we're calling on the people we need to meet, we can (25:25) talk to now. Our direct opportunity in UK  as we said earlier, we've gone direct in the UK. UK was very small for us, it's still not very big, but the fact is our business has gone up at a nice rate since we hired a great team over there. But we're  again we've hired people who can go drive reimbursement in there, as a percentage of our patients who are getting covered in local geographies there. So I think German reimbursements can help significantly, UK growing reimbursement might help a tad, a bit, but it's not going to be a huge driving factor. As we look at other countries, we certainly have had meetings and discussions in France. We see reimbursement continuing to be talked about in Italy. Australia is now looking at reimbursement procedure as well. And we've got programs going on in Canada also. So there is a lot of opportunities. And once we get reimbursement, we think we can grow nicely in those markets. But with respect to cash payers, I'll get back to what I said earlier, our product is very expensive, and there is a reason; it's really good. It provides a lot. And it is a large cash commitment for somebody. And when offered at much lower cash price upfront, parties have elected to try that. I think over time when we get reimbursement, we can certainly work through that because of the features that our product set offers.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: So as we think about kind of the transition here while we wait for the other products to show up in the market if they actually  obviously (26:55) do with most likely 670G and then whatever label that Libre consumer might get next year, do we think about kind of different growth rates before and after that happens? So if there is a transition where people are holding back a bit and we've come through with kind of maybe subpar revenue growth, but after that gets out there and (27:14) you can message, you got the G5x that you would expect to see patient adds accelerate perhaps in the second half of 2017, is that a fair way to think of it?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I'll let Steve start, (27:27) start and then I'll add my two sense...
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, obviously, Ben, we'll give formal guidance for next year in January; it's something we're still evaluating. I would tell you, we're starting to see new patient adds pick up again. I think, it's too early to tell. I wouldn't even want to speculate on Abbott. The challenge we have with Medtronic, we  as Kevin mentioned, we went through this exact same thing with 530G, it was close to (27:49) put us out of business. But we had the benefit of having an actual product and independent investigators had the benefit of having an actual product to test it. I mean, we've scoured their safety statement. It appears that patients are being recommended to take at least four fingersticks a day to keep the thing running. They also have to take fingersticks every time it drops out of automatic mode to keep it into automatic mode. The false alert rates seem pretty high; in fact, potentially, even worse than the 530G. And as we know in the 530G context, that's the one thing that patients complain about most in the field is that the false alarms they receive from that system. So, look, we're fighting a ghost for the next six months to nine months and we won't really know what we're up against until we actually have physical product to get a test. So...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: ...I'm not sure how to speculate on the impact.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I think we need to see what the fourth quarter brings and we need to see what our  we also have a non-adjunctive claim on the horizon, and I believe that could be a very big deal for marketing and positioning DexCom (28:55) other products further even out there, because when there is a sensor that is labeled you can dose insulin off of this thing, I think that will be very compelling for physicians, caregivers and patients, and present a very good story for us. You've mentioned G5x, so we have G5x coming, which is the smaller transmitter and a much easier insertion system, much more practical and easier experience for our patients. So we have a number of positives, but we're not quite sure of the timing on  that go into this entire discussion as well. I think you're just going to have to  we'll be a little more concrete in January.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Last question from me, is it then fair to assume hardware as a percent of revs drops below 30%, just because of the warranty stuff you mentioned and then perhaps the patients starts and replacement of hardware for maybe the next one quarter to three quarters? Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Ben, what we've said when we started the G5 transmitters is that it was (29:50) two for one. We expected our gross transmitter hardware dollars to go up and our gross margin percentage to go down, because we were supplying two transmitters for the price of one. And that has happened. What has affected us again is the lack of receiver revenues, but there has been an increase in transmitter revenues. We think ultimately the percentage will go down and we'll be more sensor-driven than transmitters that I...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We were selling (30:12) a lot of transmitters.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: We were selling (30:13) a lot of transmitters. I don't have percentages to give you where that goes yet. We'll provide more color in January.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Can you hear me, okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yes, Jayson.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. You kind of alluded to it, but have you seen any change in the attrition rate with the launch of G5?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: No.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: No.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: No, we have not. We think our patient retention metrics are still very good. I would tell you the thing that may have changed and we're studying this a little bit, and I can't give you complete color, because we study retention all the time. As we enter a broader market of patients  our early adopters were pretty intense on CGM, I need CGM or I'm going to die basically was often the statement that we'd hear from patients. As (31:12) we're entering a group of patients who would say, okay, I'll give this a try, we see their use patterns may be different than our long-time, use it every day, all the time patients. We also see that, just given the reimbursement world, the continued use of our sensor for more than seven days is  remains prolific. And so that is something we factor into our revenue models and revenue analyses as well. But I don't see a huge increase, we don't see a huge decrease, we think it's remained relatively consistent.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And you mentioned some of the marketing initiatives that you have, but just given some of the stiffer headwinds, any thoughts on adding to your sales team going forward?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We are going through our 2016 planning efforts right now. More than likely, we will expand the team. We'll announce how much, and to what extent, in early 2016.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. Okay.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: 2017.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I'm sorry, early 2017. Thanks, Steve.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just, I guess, lastly from me. On Germany, can you just give us any clarity on the level of reimbursement, or how ultimately price will shake out? Are the economics comparable to the U.S. for DexCom?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, actually without giving you specifics, the preliminary numbers that I've seen look quite favorable, even with respect to  in comparison to what we see here in the U.S. And that, I would tell you, I spoke to John Lister, who heads up our European operation yesterday, and he informed me that we're currently in discussions with approximately 40% of the covered lives, if you want to look at it that way, in Germany, and the pricing looks quite favorable.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I'll let someone else jump in.
Operator: The next question comes from Kyle Rose with Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah, we can.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. I just wanted to touch on the G5 and the potential dosing claim. Just any color you can add just  with the conversation with the FDA, as far as potential changes from a product perspective that they may be looking for, whether it be a required number of calibrations a day or sensor shut off, or something along those lines?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. No, nothing in particular. I think what the FDA is really focused on right now is really, what sort of standards do they want to set. What bar is going to be the bar for a dosing type sensor, right? Meaning, not just MARD, but we focused in on %20/20 and outliers and things like that. The FDA is focused  we mentioned in the prepared remarks  the FDA is focused on manufacturing standards, manufacturing variability, things like that. So there is a whole bunch going into this, and very thoughtful, frankly, on the part of the FDA; and it's just taking a little bit longer, is all. But we're not going to  I don't expect they come back and ask us to modify the product in any way.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: And I'd just add, that's one of the reasons for the post-market study. And after the post-market study, if we see anything, then we would go back and discuss it with them. But for today, there's nothing significant.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate the color there. And then just lastly, on the quarter, any comments directionally on new patient additions and what the type of mix was there? I believe last quarter you talked about 50% of patients coming from MDI. Just any sort of color you can give us on this quarter?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Once again, a lot of (34:42) our patient adds came from MDI than it did from the pump world, so we continue to make inroads there. With respect to numbers, just to get to $149 million in revenues we reported, the new patient number had to be significant. It certainly was within our target. And quite candidly, year-to-date, based on our internal targets, we are spot on at the end of Q3. So new patient growth remains very  remain very robust for us.
Kyle William Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Operator: And the next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Ryan Blicker (35:17) for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. So maybe just starting with sensor utilization, you mentioned that reorder rates haven't changed; but then you also noted that the use patterns of the product may have changed, given the broader patient base you now have. Can you clarify these comments? And is average sensor utilization in Q3 and through the first nine months of the year maybe closer to the lower end of your historical range?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I think sensor usage for the first nine months of the year is really consistent with what we've had before. What I was trying to do in making my comments was indicate that, again, patients continue to use it long, particularly those where reimbursement is tough for them and they're not covered as well as others, and again, some of the new patients. But I don't think there has really been a significant change in sensor utilization. But as the whole population gets bigger, the portion or just the raw numbers of people who use their sensors longer is going to go up, and so it becomes more visible to us as we look at it, same with the use patterns. We go through exercises, I've got (36:24) into a lot of detail, but we go through exercises where we pick samples of the new patients in the patient base and try and follow them all the way through, look at their purchasing patterns, look at their use, history, and everything. And every time we do it, we've learned something different and something new. And those were really the two things that were pointed out from the last group and the last population that we studied, that we still see increased sensor use and maybe the use patterns for some of these patients are not what they were before. And that's okay, they're still patients and they still derive great benefit from it.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then, you talked about the impact Libre had internationally. Can you talk more about the features of your first-generation Verily product and how it stacks up versus Libre for Type 2 patients, or maybe Type 1 patients in the near-term who might desire a less comprehensive solution? Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I mean, certainly the first product  well, let me couch this first by saying, we don't believe the first product that we launched in partnership with Verily is going to be a null (37:28) product and we've said that on multiple occasions, but it will be...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It's a learning experience.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: It will definitely be a smaller form factor than the Libre platform. In many ways, similar attributes, no calibration up to 14 days. I think the performance characteristics  and you guys will be pleased when you see the data at DTM next week. It incorporates the core Gen 6 sensor technology. So you'll see some preliminary data on that next week, and you'll understand the levels of performance that we'll be able to achieve with that product. So I think that'll be a real positive for us. But in many respects it's a smaller, better performing version of the Libre.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. And I would add one of the things that will dictate the software around that product and the feature set is going to be our non-adjunctive label. Because as we head into particularly intensively in each (38:19) insulin managed markets, we are not going to give partner non-adjunctive (38:22) label for anything. Once we get it, we're going to stay there. And we believe our technology is more than robust and that  again, as Steve said, as you'll see next week to maintain that level with reduced and with no calibrations over time.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I should add two key differentiating factors. Of course, that it does have Bluetooth technology and does have real-time alerts and alarms as part of the system.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: That's an important point not to overlook.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John J. Dunn - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hello. This is actually John Dunn checking in for David. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to go back to the topline guidance. You mentioned the number of times that you see the sustainable growth rate of this business, about 35% to 40% I think is what you've said historically. And the guidance range, as we look into the fourth quarter, I guess, implies just shy of that even at the top end. So should we think of the fourth quarter more as fully baked in for these competitive pressures, and that from that base we can start to recover back to more of a normalized rate? Or do you think that could potentially get larger impact sequentially for a couple of quarters as the launches continue competitively?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: The first part of the question, we don't have a crystal ball to tell you, this confusion  there's initially substantial confusion in the marketplace. We're now starting to see some press to the contrary where they're trying to clear up (39:54) the mistaking notion that this is actually an artificial pancreas coming. But we don't have a perfect crystal ball to tell you what this is going to look like going forward. We're being conservative, obviously, in our guidance. I want to take a step back, we stated 35% to 40% sustainable growth something like four years to five years ago. So as I look four years to five years out, four years to five years ago, looking forward, we successfully sustained and exceeded that level of growth. At some point, we've said, even on recent calls, that the law of large numbers is such that on a percentage basis growth is not going to continue to exceed 40%, 50% like it has in the past. So you guys are trying to read a whole lot more into this, I think than (40:38)
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We need some time. The flip side of that  and I'll cover a little more in my close. Penetration in the Type 1 market for CGM is still not above 20%; there is plenty of runway there. We're not penetrated in someone using Type 2s at all where reimbursement will come there. So I think it'll be a combination of when we can get our new technologies and products out and feature sets, we can expand to broader populations, combined with just market penetration in the current markets where we sit. So we'll just see it over time.
John J. Dunn - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Very helpful. And just a follow-up on gross margins. I mean, you mentioned last quarter they would jump back up to the upper 60%s; they certainly did. Sounds like there's still elevated levels of warranty expense. So normalized for that, is that  is it fair to say that we can get back in towards the 70% levels?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: I think that's fair. Our warranty expense was about 3.5% of revenue versus our historical averages of about 2%, so we have some opportunity there. The margins came up this quarter kind of in combination of lower warranty cost as a percentage of revenues. We also had better yields particularly on our Gen 5 Mobile transmitter, and then of course we had higher sales volume.
John J. Dunn - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good afternoon and thank you so much for taking my questions. I really have two. We focus mostly on German reimbursement. Can you give me a timeline of when we might get additional reimbursement? And then, my second question has to do with the non-adjunctive claim. Is there anything qualitatively that you can provide regarding the conversation that you're having with the FDA?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: On the non-adjunctive claim, we're really not going to provide any more details than we have. We need to work through the requirements and standards and really have a clear position before we explain everything to everybody. Again, I'll echo Steve's comments. The discussions have been very good and very focused and very regular. They've been paying significant attention to the process and we hope to get through it soon. With respect to the other geographies, we really don't have timelines. One of the things we're learning as we go to other geographies, a lot of these places are  national physicians are (43:06) very local and it's state-by-state or region-by-region. We certainly have very good reimbursement in Sweden right now through the tender process. We have the German reimbursement decision that just came. There is reimbursement in Switzerland, Austria. And there's some other regions, like I said, in the UK where we're getting a little bit of reimbursement and a little bit (43:30) Italy, but there has not been any national decisions. We'll just continue to work on region-by-region and we'll give you more color as time goes on.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hi. Can you hear me?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Sure.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. Great. Just a couple quick questions. Am I right in sort of estimating that there is maybe about a $3 million impact from receivers on the revenue line in the quarter, that kind of ballpark?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We're not going to quantify it.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, in terms of CMS; it doesn't sound like these are sort of linear discussions where you're waiting for FDA approval of the non-adjunctive and then you'll go to CMS. It sounds like there is positive dialog going on around  ahead of that, is that fair?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. That's a fair statement. In fact it's communication together, CMS and FDA and our regulatory folks. So, yeah, there are certainly discussions ongoing. Obviously, we will still need the non-adjunctive labeling before we can really become active with CMS. But I would say this is a  and it's highly visible not just with FDA, but within CMS as well. I do think  our belief is that CMS is going to ask us to go direct with our national coverage decision as opposed to trying to go regional like we had discussed previously. But (45:10) from what we're hearing from our consultants and from our internal folks that they don't think even if the non-adjunctive claim pushes into the early part of 2017 that that will impact our path to Medicare by some time in 2018.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then just lastly, in terms of data that's going to come out next week, what specifically  are these patients from the pivotal trial or is this another study that you have going on with...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: With all of our sensors we run several pre-pivotal studies. The data that we'll present next week is from relatively large pre-pivotal studies in our Gen 6 platform. And that will be what's presented (45:51).
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: It's not the pivotal data, because we wouldn't open that up till  until it's done, until we submit it.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah. (46:00). Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Anthony Petrone from Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company: Thanks and good afternoon. Maybe just a little bit on CGM pricing broadly. You know you have 670G out there and then Libre and I think there is the potential for some other CGM clearances in 2017, if I'm not mistaken. I mean, how do you see pricing kind of shaking out with all the increased technologies on the marketplace at this point? And then, I have just one follow up.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We've remained relatively consistent on the price front for quite some time. I think future prices will be accepted by the  will be determined by the outcomes one can generate with the technologies. Another big factor on pricing is going to be the length to wear the sensors, because we've talked about our Gen 6 sensor, is a 10-day product versus 7-day product, which gives us an opportunity to either increase price or increase value to the patient and payer and we'll probably end up with a combination of both with the Gen 6 sensor. We prepare internally scenarios for every alternative; we prepare for higher prices, we prepare for lower prices, we prepare for everything you can imagine. And so we've modeled several scenarios, we'll adapt to where the market takes us, and being the leader we want to take the market obviously to the right place. But these technologies have to be affordable for patients and they have to provide outcomes that are worth more than the cost of the CGM system. And that's how we look at pricing in the future.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company: That's helpful. And maybe just a follow up on 670G, and when you look at the dynamics between pumpers and MDI, it seems to me that the initial low-hanging fruit would be pumpers. But, I mean, how much of a broad push are you expecting from 670G? Are they  do you think it's sort of going to be broad based in those two categories and therefore potentially more competition in the MDI segment of the marketplace? Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I think  that's the big question, right? So when Terry and Kevin  I'm speaking for Kevin who is sitting here. But when Terry and Kevin sold MiniMed 15 years ago, pump penetration was at about 20% in the U.S.; today it's at about 30%. So 15 years later, four commercial pump companies have been able to drive an additional 17 points (48:21) of penetration. I mean, I personally don't believe that 670G is going to move the needle from 30% penetration to 40% or 50% penetration in any meaningful period of time. I think, particularly, outside the U.S., MDI is going to remain the vast majority of patients' method for insulin delivery. And I think even in the U.S., I think, patients are  as we continue to improve our technology, improve the form factor, shrink the form factor on the technology, add patients with additional tools, additional decisions support tools with respect to their insulin on board, et cetera, I think the product offering  and then from a pricing perspective, the product offering at CGM and an intelligent insulin pen, for example, will be a very compelling, both from an outcomes perspective and from a cost perspective.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies & Company: That's helpful. Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, said.
Operator: And your next question comes from Rebecca Wong (49:21) from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. Can you hear me, okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We can.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Rebecca (49:30) on behalf of Danielle. So have you seen any impact on your patients adds from the DIaMonD data that was released at ADA this year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: The DIaMonD study has not been officially published in a journal yet. So we remain relatively low key about that data. At this point of time, we know it is under review. Right now, we are going to be a little more aggressive with marking it, because we think (49:57) it's getting closer to publication. So we will really unleash the DIaMonD blitz over the next  over the month of November here, and hopefully that will add  help increase patient adds, not a lot so far, because we really haven't pushed it.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. So can you provide like more color on the timing of the rest of the DIaMonD data to be released this year or...?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: There is a couple of other study arms. There is a Type 2 patient study arm. There is also an arm of the study where some of the patients continue to use CGM for a longer period of time, another group of patients who continue to use CGM, they go to an insulin pump in addition to CGM. I know the studies are winding down. I don't have timelines for you, and they'll be affected (50:45) by publication timelines as well. But the study is pretty much  it'll be wrapped up, the actual patients in and out will be wrapped up by the end of the year. And so the data will come after that.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. So two quick questions here. One just on G6, it seems like the pivotal is moving very quickly there and FDA has also seemed to be moving fairly quickly in some of their approvals recently. So just wondering how solid you feel on that 2018 commercial launch time? What are the options to maybe pull that forward or see that move up a little bit from a potential launch standing?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We have a sequence of launches next year, particularly with the new applicator and transmitter of the Gen 5 system, but we need to get those manufacturing processes up and mature really quickly. And that's really important to us. That is a bigger endeavor than anything we've undertaken for a long time. So it's probably better timed the G6 come out a bit after that, because we fully intend to use the new transmitter and new applicator configuration, and we'd be much happier if we didn't have to start from scratch. If we could pull it in, that would be wonderful, and we work to pull it in, but there's a lot of boxes to check. With respect to FDA timing and speeding things up, I would agree they appear minimal to that. We have been discussing non-adjunctive claim for a very long time, and it's not through. So when you get into complex issues, it can become real tough. I think they'll be very cooperative with Gen 6 and I think we can push it through quickly, provided the dataset is reflective of what you guys will see next week. I think it's a tremendous advance in sensor technology that we can get through. But we've got to remain diligent and keep going, but there is a lot to get ready before it comes.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Understood. That's helpful. And then, Steve, just want to go back and clarify something you said on Germany. So it sounds like the reimbursement rates are coming in, you said pretty solid, especially even relative to U.S. rate. So just wondering, that's the -kind of the sell-in price or the price you are going to recognize for sensors and transmitters and receivers and things like that is on par, or I don't want to put words in your mouth, but relatively good relative to U.S.?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: That's  you can put words in my mouth, that's exactly right. And, yeah  I mean, none of this is finalized, right? We still don't expect to see an impact until  really until next year. But I would tell you, so far so good.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And do have any idea the co-pay patients are going to be  are going to have on that system then, in Germany? How that maybe stacks up relative to self-pay for a Libre or something like that?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: I don't, but we can certainly  maybe for the next call, we'll have a little more detail...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: We'll have a little more detail.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: ...or we'll have the contracts signed by that point.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Understood. Thanks, guys.
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. I think it should probably put me (53:44) back in from earlier. But just  let me just ask you, just relative to Europe, since Germany was just discussed. Do you have any greater visibility on the other countries coming through (53:55) as you're aware, our (53:58) checks on Germany have been pretty positive over the last several weeks, just in terms of not only how reimbursement is shaping up, but potential demand. Do you think that Germany could be bigger in 2017 than maybe you're assuming, or the Street is assuming?
Steven Robert Pacelli - DexCom, Inc.: Yeah. It certainly could be, particularly as I mentioned, we're in discussions  I had characterized discussions with about 40% of the covered lives. So as we continue to accelerate that, if we can truly contract with something like 15-ish kind of critical payers to get the vast majority of covered lives, Germany could be a much bigger contributor next year. I'm just giving you an example, in the UK, we're actually seeing reimbursement  most of our patients are actually seeing reimbursement these days, but it's a one-off basis and they're having to apply individually. So it's not something that's scalable. So we need to  we really do need to reengage with NICE and push that issue, and really try to make it more formalized. France the same thing, we're in discussions. There's not been any formal action taken in France. The signs are looking positive. So that could be a contributor, potentially as early as next year as well. So yeah, I think you're thinking about it right, Mike, that Europe as a collective, if we get  knock off a couple more of these big countries, it could be a big push for us next year.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Obviously there is something to learn here from what's going on with Libre, right? I mean, Libre is taking off in Europe. There is this demand for diabetes technology in Europe that hasn't been satisfied. And so, when you think about the fact that there's been now, all  couple of hundred thousand patients that potentially are on Libre or tried Libre, better put, at this point, how do you tap into that once you get reimbursement in a country like Germany? What's the launch strategy look like? So I have to think that, with the Libre experience and the enthusiasm that product has seen, that how you think about going to market has to be different than maybe you were thinking a year or two ago?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Well, I think, Mike, we are very much evaluating product configurations. I'll give you one example. We have seen mark (56:11) for the system without use of the receiver in Europe now. So if a patient wants to use the system, unlike in the U.S. where we get a new patient we are required to sell them a receiver, we don't have to do that anymore. So we've put ourselves in a position where we can somewhat reduce the upfront cost for patients to get them to start. And as far as enthusiasm; we are enthusiastic. In fact, our German team is going through budget processes and their request per sales heads is remarkable. So they obviously are very optimistic about their ability to go sell, and poor Jess has to be the bad guy down at the end of the table. But we're going to add significant feet on the street in Germany to go after that. I think one of the other lessons learned is, people do want information. And if they're co-paying out of pocket and the reimbursement covers this, you know, by offering connectivity and the things that we offer from a feature set versus this product, we think they're going to really lead to fast growth. We will configure future products as we look at it. We're going to offer a no calibration sensor over time. We're just going to offer one that's going to be accurate enough to meet our standards and to meet the non-adjective claim standards that we believe will be set up by the FDA as well. So there is a lot to learn here and we'll aggressively go after it.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thank you guys.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - DexCom, Inc.: Okay. I'll just close with a couple of concluding remarks here. We want to thank everybody for being on our call today, and everybody for their questions, they're very insightful. We continue to address, what we believe is, one of the most meaningful opportunities in all healthcare. The treatment of diabetes Type 1 and Type 2 is one of the leading cost drivers in healthcare all over the world. We're going to continue to focus on what we do best, developing, manufacturing, distributing the world's leading CGM technology. Our future platforms, our sensor platforms, our new algorithms, there are always technology, advance data analytics, we're going to be able to change the conversation of diabetes management over the next several years. Our growth opportunity even in times like we described today is still huge. The Type 1 market is very underpenetrated. There is a completely un-penetrated Type 2 intensively managed insulin market. The global opportunities we've discussed with Germany, the UK, the other places we're seeing reimbursement come up are huge, even in light of the increased competition that's coming. It's a great time to be here at DexCom. We'll continue to deliver great products and great performance for our investors. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Sherry and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. Mr. Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2016 DexCom earnings call. We'll start off with our Safe Harbor statement from Steve Pacelli. Steve?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, belief and expectations about future events, strategies, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on information currently available to DexCom and are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement after the date of this presentation or to confirm these forward-looking statements to actual result. Additionally, during the call, we will discuss certain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with our usual format, Steve will review our second quarter 2016 financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a few minutes to discuss a couple of key recent milestones. First, I'll comment on the implications of the landmark meeting of the FDA's Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices Panel that was held just over a week ago. We have always believed that CGM provides much better information for making an insulin-dosing decision than a single finger stick, particularly as we look at the accuracy, performance and features of our current system with Software 505 algorithm. After nearly 18 months of productive discussions with the Agency, we made the decision to seek approval to claim that our G5 Mobile System can be indicated to support diabetes treatment decisions without confirmatory finger sticks. We filed a PMA supplement with the FDA for this indication and our submission remains under review. Earlier this year, the FDA notified us that our PMA supplement will be subject to review by an advisory committee which was conducted on July 21, and concluded with the panel recommending that the DexCom G5 continuous glucose monitoring system is both safe and effective for making diabetes treatment decisions and that the benefit of doing so outweigh the risk. We are obviously quite pleased with the results of the advisory committee. We've said for many years that we aim to replace finger sticks and this is our first step. I'll talk more about the ramifications of the non-adjunctive claim later. Another important highlight from the quarter was the release of preliminary data from our DIaMonD study at the American Diabetes Association's annual Scientific Sessions held in June. Previous CGM outcome studies have had a very limited number of subjects using multiple daily injections, or MDI. DIaMonD is initially comprised entirely of MDI patients and we saw a full 1.0% gross reduction in A1c in the CGM group during the first phase. Furthermore, all secondary endpoints in this phase supported a benefit of CGM use and benefits were seen in all sub-groups analyzed, most notably a reduction in time spent in hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia in the study group. We remind you that this first data set only included type 1 patients. The cohort with type 2 diabetes will complete study activities by the end of the third quarter, with analysis and publication to follow. As we enter into the final phase of the DIaMonD study, a portion of the CGM MDI patients will transition to an insulin pump in an effort to measure the benefit of a more sophisticated and expensive insulin delivery system compared to the benefits of CGM and MDI. That data will not be available until next year. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $137 million for the second quarter of 2016, compared to $93 million for the same quarter in 2015, a $44 million, or 47% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q2 was up approximately 18% from the prior quarter. To put this into perspective, we generated nearly the same amount of revenue in the first six months of 2016 as we did in all of 2014. Our second quarter gross profit was $86 million, generating a gross margin of 62%, compared to a gross profit of $66 million and a gross margin of 71% for the same quarter in the prior year. Our gross margin in Q2 was affected primarily by increased warranty expense as well as a write-down of excess and obsolete inventory of approximately $3.5 million related to our receiver recall. We do not expect any additional substantive excess and obsolete inventory write-downs related to the receiver recall. Additionally, we anticipate warranty costs as a percentage of sales will begin to decline in Q3 and should normalize before the end of the year. The increase in warranty costs relates again to our receiver recall and heightened awareness related to this recall and, to a lesser extent, typical new product performance issues related to the launch of the G5 transmitter. We expect our gross margin to be in the mid-to-upper 60% range for the second half of the year and in the mid-60%s for the full year 2016. In order to address the receiver situation and our increased warranty expenses, we are implementing several corrective actions. We have received FDA approval for a more robust speaker for the current receiver and are in the process of planning production of this newly configured receiver. We filed our next generation touchscreen receiver with the FDA during Q2 and we believe this receiver will not only be more durable, but will also greatly improve the patient experience. And during Q2, we submitted for a firmware update on the transmitter and a software update for our mobile app that will enhance the performance and reliability of the G5 Mobile transmitter. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profit. Our mix between durable and consumable products was within our normal historical range in Q2 at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. Sensor pricing remains within an ASP range of $70 to $75 per sensor and can fluctuate subject to payer and distribution mix. The ASP for our hardware has remained stable. Finally, our international business showed strong year-over-year growth, generating $18 million in revenue during the quarter, up 45% from last year. Research and development expense totaled $36 million for Q2 of 2016 compared to $24 million in Q2 of 2015, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related costs and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline, focusing primarily upon our next generation insertion system. We also incurred significant expense related to our advanced product pipeline, particularly expenses associated with our Verily partnership. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $69 million in Q2 of 2016 compared to $45 million during the same quarter in 2015, with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our customer support organization as well as a ramp in our patient-focused marketing expenses, higher IT costs and investments in our OUS expansion efforts. A couple of highlights during the quarter were our acquisition of our distributor, Nintamed, in Germany, Austria and Switzerland and the establishment of a targeted, direct team in the UK. In Germany, we are very pleased with GBA's recent announcement to provide reimbursement for CGM. And while we were still early in finalizing the details of this coverage, we expect to see a benefit from this milestone beginning in 2017. Let us remind you that GBA defines CGM as a system with alerts, alarms and realtime trends. Systems without those features will not be covered. We anticipate our investment in our international operations to continue to scale up, particularly as we obtain expanded reimbursement outside the U.S. Our net loss for the second quarter of 2016 totaled $20 million, which included $31 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Our net loss was slightly higher than expected, primarily due to the increased warranty expense and inventory write-down we outlined earlier. We would also like to remind investors that our operating expenses this quarter included increasing spend on the four strategic investments that we outlined at the beginning of the year, namely our Verily relationship, building out our data analytics capabilities, international expansion, and finally our new manufacturing facility in Arizona. These investments are ramping up to the $40 million of incremental strategic expense that we projected for 2016 at the beginning of the year. Absent non-cash charges, non-GAAP cash-based net income was $11 million for Q2. Our GAAP loss per share for the quarter was $0.24. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $116 million in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $10 million over the first quarter. And during the quarter, we replaced our prior credit facility with a new $200 million revolving line of credit with favorable terms. With respect to our 2016 revenue guidance, we take this opportunity to increase our range to $550 million to $575 million in revenue for the year. With that I'll turn the call back over to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Steve. We're obviously very pleased with our continued growth during the second quarter. In fact, by our estimates, we've added in excess of 2% of the U.S. type 1 population to our installed base during the first half of this year. That's a big number, 2%. And it's very important that this technology continues to penetrate that market. With respect to our financial performance, we've experienced some growing pains in our hardware manufacturing and our customer service organization and we continue to invest strategically on a number of fronts. That being said, we have not lost our long term focus on leverage and in fact our day-to-day operating expenses are aligned with the levels we projected. Specifically with respect to customer operations, I'm pleased to report that as of the end of July we have returned to, and in some cases, surpassed the levels of customer service that the DexCom patient community expects of us. We have seen major improvements in all of our call-wait times, length of calls, number of calls answered per day, et cetera. Our net promoter score related to our customer service and technical support functions is back up to 70%, getting us back to best in industry standards. We told our patients that we were committed to making this right and we're certainly well on our way. Now I'd like to provide an update on the product pipeline. The most pressing factor in discussing our product pipeline relates to the non-adjunctive claim. We are now beginning to work with the FDA to nail down exactly what this means. For example, the FDA mentioned during the panel meeting that the establishment of performance standards for non-adjunctive CGM should be a function of this process. We've had discussions and some proposals regarding such standards, but nothing is yet finalized. The level of training and education required for non-adjunctive product will certainly be different than our current level of support. We will work with the FDA to finalize these education plans for patients and health care professionals across the board. It was also recommended by the panel that a post-market study would be appropriate. We have yet to arrive at the final size and scope of such a study with the FDA. All of these matters need to be resolved as we look at our future product pipeline, but they bring to light some very interesting questions. For example, what is the future of adjunctive CGM technology now that a non-adjunctive standard will be established? Or another question: what level of education, training and recommendations moves into the practice of medicine and is outside our product scope? Please understand that these are the most exciting questions we could ever be addressing. The FDA has been very transparent and interactive with us throughout this entire process. With this potential label, we are redefining glucose measurement and glucose management and let's not forget the importance of this labeling with respect to Medicare coverage. Every day, 10,000 people in the United States turn 65 and we need to get CGM to these patients that so desperately need it. Non-adjunctive labeling provides us the opportunity to accelerate our efforts for Medicare approval and we will do so at the appropriate time. Turning to other product pipeline developments, we continue to make progress on several enhancements to our G5 Mobile platform. As Steve mentioned earlier, we filed a new version of the iOS G5 Mobile app and a new transmitter firmware configuration during the second quarter. We will file our Android G5 Mobile app in Q3. The U.S. Android launch is dependent upon the transmitter firmware revision that we filed in Q2, so we expect the U.S. Android launch to happen in late 2016 or early 2017, but we do plan to launch Android this fall in several key international markets. We continue to work on several other enhanced versions of our G5 Mobile app to provide for additional features and functionality, including the incorporation of insulin data and several mobile platform retrospective analysis reports. The new G5 insertion system and transmitter will be filed within the next few weeks. This filing has been somewhat delayed due to the resources that we expended on the recent panel meeting. With respect to Gen 6, our ID application has been approved. We have completed a number of pre-pivotal studies in anticipation of the pivotal trial and the data looks very promising. We will commence a pivotal study as soon as possible. This will be the largest pivotal study that we have ever executed, with pediatric and adult patients included in one combined study of approximately 300 subjects. Patients will be required to spend three in-clinic days to measure the accuracy of our system similar to our other studies. We are also working with several of our artificial pancreas partners to incorporate Gen 6 into their research and clinical studies to gather more valuable data on the system. As a reminder, the G6 sensor will have a reduced calibration scheme, one per day after startup driven by a completely new, advanced algorithm platform. We'll have the ability to block acetaminophen interference, a labeled indication of up to 10 days of sensor life, and a number of other features that will make the CGM experience better for our patients. Overall performance should be consistent with the G5 Mobile System even with the reduced calibration scheme and an extended wear. The G6 product will also leverage our new applicator and receiver technologies. Turning to our partnership with Verily, our collaboration to develop simple, low cost disposable sensor systems remains on track. We believe the products we develop in our Verily partnership will drive entry into the non-insulin using type 2 market, but it will also expand CGM use in the type 1 market. As we continue to do research into this type 2 market, it has become more and more evident that when we talk about finger stick replacements, we are talking about all finger sticks. We believe that the information our system provides to a type 2 patient exceeds anything that they can learn from the tools that they use today. We believe the first product developed in the collaboration with Verily will be commercialized in 2018 and we expect that a smaller bandage-like sensor could be available as early as 2020. In fact, our first feasibility study of the bandage-like sensor will take place this fall. With respect to our pump partners, Animas and Tandem continue to report positive results from their integrated pump offerings with G4 PLATINUM and we believe Animas, Tandem and Insulet and each making excellent progress on the development of more advanced systems utilizing our G5 and G6 technologies. We're also seeing some excellent work conducted by the teams in companies like Bigfoot Biomedical and Beta Bionics who seem to be taking truly novel approaches to the development of automated insulin-delivery systems. Finally, we continue to make progress beyond our pump partnerships as we explore opportunities and connectivity with smart insulin pens, as well as other interconnected diabetes management platforms. In conclusion, the growth in this business over the past five years has been unprecedented. And when I boil it down and look at the second quarter, there are really four major takeaways. First, again, we have increased CGM penetration in the U.S. type 1 population by more than 2% in the first six months of this year. When you combine that with the growth of our patient base this year with the growth of our patient base in the second half of 2015, our U.S. type 1 penetration has increased by 4%. Second, the DIaMonD study demonstrates what we already knew, that CGM has a major impact for MDI patients representing a very cost-effective diabetes treatment model with excellent outcomes. Along those lines, while in past years we have told you that 60% of our patient base use insulin pumps, we are pleased to note that of our direct new patient additions during this quarter, greater than 60% of them were MDI patients. Our CGM first message is resonating with patients and healthcare professionals. Third, the FDA panel's positive recommendations have the potential to permanently change the CGM landscape and we are pleased to be blazing this trail with the FDA. And finally, we continue to invest in the future and plan on being the choice of diabetes management for type 1, type 2, non-insulin using patients with diabetes and beyond. Diabetes is one of the largest markets in healthcare and we compete with incumbents that have very, very deep pockets. We need to continue to be aggressive in our product development efforts, of our future platforms and our commercial approach. We believe we are in a very enviable position and expect to capitalize on our technological leadership over the next several years. With that, we'll open up the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And then our first question is from Ben Andrew of William Blair.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Ben.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Hey. Ben.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Jess, can you quantify the warranty expense that stayed in gross margin for us?
Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It was a little over 5% for Q2, typically, Ben, it's about 2%. It's averaged 2% almost every quarter for the last two years. We would expect the warranty costs over the next few quarters to come down more towards the historical rate.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And Kevin, maybe talk about how the label change is going to play out? And how you can position the company differently with a replacement claim year going forward?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, certainly positioning us with a replacement claim will help us in the marketplace, because we will be the first with that claim, and patients won't have to stick their finger to make those decisions. And I think it will position us very strongly with Medicare. I got to the question a bit in my prepared remarks about also what does this mean going forward, as once we have a replacement claim sensor, do we have other sensors that are not replacement claim? I think what we really have is the opportunity to change a landscape and set standards that will position us to be the leader in this space for quite some time.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then maybe talk a little bit about the international expansion? Obviously the revenue was strong in the quarter. How do we think about the guidance? What's baked in there from international for the balance of this year? And at what point does that start to really tick up for you? You mentioned 2017, but how should we think about that ramp?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. Ben, this is Steve. I'll take this one. We're not going to break out in our full-year revenue guidance what portion we're attributing to international. I mean it's been running around that 15% range. Don't expect that to materially change until we really see the impact of reimbursement. And as we kind of mentioned, we don't think that  we're still working through details in Germany. We don't think that we're going to start to see a meaningful impact until sometime next year. The hope, though, is we could see some additional  we've talked before about potential for reimbursement in France, potential for reimbursement in the UK. If we can see some movement there in the back half of this year, then we may be able to get some impact and some contribution in 2017 from  more meaningful contribution from those countries as well.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And then our next question comes from Mike Weinstein of JPMorgan.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys. Kevin, you made the comment about MDI percentage of new patient starts, but I don't think you actually said what new patient starts did this quarter?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We didn't.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Now is your opportunity.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Mike, we did say that over the past six months we've added 2% to the type 1 population as far as market penetration in the U.S. So you guys can take type 1 population estimates, multiply 2% and you can figure out what we've done over the past six months.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Let me ask you about your guidance update. You grew 47% this quarter; 52%, 53% in the first half of the year. Your guidance for the second half implies basically 26% to 36%. Tell us why that's the right guidance range?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, as we sat and looked at it, we typically are not overly aggressive on our guidance, as all of you know, for right now. And as we look at the second half of the year, we looked at one number and just to get to the low end of our range is about $300 million, which is a lot of sales in a lot of centers for us. Could there be upside? There could be. This guidance that we gave you is very typical and very consistent with what we've done in the past. To get to $575 million from the $253 million are, again, that's a huge number. So we're sticking within our range. We've always said that our sustainable growth rate is 35% to 40%. To the extent we achieve over that, absolutely fantastic. And if we do, great. Eventually, Mike, the law of large numbers unless we continue to add mega, mega groups in the new patient adds and we continue to do that now and we hope to do that going forward obviously. But eventually the law of larger numbers even if we add a ton of new patients, growth rates are going to come down a little bit. And we are seeing large numbers, even this quarter. Our first quarter of 2015 was a number that started with a seven. Our second quarter of 2015 was a number that started with a nine. And so we're growing off a much larger base from the year before. So as we looked at this, we're comfortable with what we gave and if we overachieve, that's great and if we overachieve $575 million to $600 million, that $25 million is only a 3% or 4% overachievement and we decided it wasn't worth going higher than that. So those were our thoughts.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Let me come back to the question on OUS because I tend to think the Germany opportunity and then we'll see on timing of France and improved reimbursement in the UK. But I tend to think in Germany and then total Europe is probably a bigger opportunity and more impactful in 2017/2018 than probably the Street's thinking right now. So could you spend just a minute, talk about Germany particularly, and what you're going to do to prepare for reimbursement?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, in Germany the first step we did to prepare for reimbursement was to acquire our distributor. That's a very nice company over there and somebody we're very familiar with and who was very instrumental in working with the reimbursement authorities to get this approval. So we needed infrastructure. Obviously, we need to see what the rates are. We are very pleased with how the group defined CGM by saying it had to have alerts, alarms and real time trends. So our product is right in the sweet spot. We are developing, really, an expansion plan over the last half of this year, determining how many field people we will add in anticipation of this. We see Germany as a market in general where diabetes is quite well controlled. So if this product is available in that market, we think we can have a very good impact. It can be a very good growth engine for us. The flip side of that  and the other countries the same, UK, France, any place we can get approval, we can see this thing taking off and doing well for us, as we've been doing in Sweden where we have very good reimbursement. The flip side of that is to continue growing at the rates we're growing at and at the growth that we project, we have to have wins like this. They just have to happen. So we plan for them, and we plan around them, and things fall into place. But that's how we look at it for now. We're very optimistic about it, not much for the rest of this year, but kicking into next year, we think Germany can be very big.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. I'll let some others jump in. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Jayson Bedford of Raymond James.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just to follow on the last one, the reimbursement in Germany, is it broad, meaning for those type 1 and type 2 insulin dependent diabetics?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: It is. But there's still a couple procedural there. First, it needs to be ratified by the German government. And then we need to negotiate pricing. We still don't have a price attached to the system. We then actually still need to go really on a  much like the regional Medicare payers, we need to go region by region to negotiate. My understanding is to negotiate individualized contracts. So that's why we're not suggesting this is a flip of the switch immediately, even if we get the pricing established and get the formal approval. It's going to take some time to get the infrastructure put in place.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Fair. I felt like the receiver recall kind of strained operations a bit in the first quarter. You mentioned the impact on gross margin, but did it have any impact on 2Q, meaning either from a sales or even an OpEx?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: From an OpEx standpoint, not so much. I think on the sales side, we talked about our customer services and our tech support issues on our call last quarter. In all candor with patients calling with product problems, on top of that not being able to get their calls answered, we created the perfect storm over the last half of the first quarter and even early into the second quarter as we resolved these issues. And so as Steve said in his remarks, part of our return rate and part of the warranty rate is due to increased patient awareness or increased awareness because of the recall. But there was also increased awareness because we didn't answer the phones, and we weren't as good as we needed to be in getting back to people. We think we've overcome those operational issues. I would tell you kudos to our sales force for getting through all that and being able to deliver the new patient numbers that we have and keep us on track with what we're doing. So it did put a strain on us, Jayson, and it was kind of felt all throughout the organization. We think we're past it at this point in time, and now in operations we'll move on, build our new configuration receiver and resolve that warning letter with the FDA over the next few months and get past it completely.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then maybe just a last one from me. There's certainly a lot of folks who were at the DIaMonD data presentation at ADA. It's been a little over a month now. Do you expect this to have an impact on your business over the next few quarters, just this data?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We need to get it published first and we're respectfully waiting for the authors to  I know they're drafting papers and we're going to get this in a journal at some point in time. We think it'll have a very big impact when we go to payers and present the payers, here's a very, very reasonable cost alternative for the intensive management of diabetes. We can take cost out of your system by using MDI and CGM. We can also take it to physicians who may be of the belief that a patient requires an insulin pump to be sophisticated enough to use CGM. When I first went in the field when I came here, that's what I heard in every doctor's office I went into. I wouldn't put a patient on your system unless they're on a pump. If they can't do a pump, they can't do CGM. We don't hear that anymore, but now we have data that supports, as I said in my remarks, what we already knew. That you can use CGM and take shots and manage your diabetes very, very, very well. So I think it will  it can very much have a benefit. I think it'll help us with payers, I think it'll help us with healthcare professionals. I think it'll help us across the board.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: And then our next question comes from Doug Schenkel of Cowen & Company.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking the questions. My first one is, I guess going back to some of the commentary that you provided on market penetration, you mentioned that 2% of type 1  2% of the type 1 population was added to the installed base in the first half of the year. Any chance you would say exactly what you're using for a denominator? I know you said there's a lot of estimates out there, but while we think there's about 1.5 million type 1s in the U.S. there are a pretty wide range of estimates. What do you believe, and I guess as a follow up to this, what does your guidance imply for how much of a market you will expect to penetrate at year-end?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I got to be honest with you. We really can't hear you very well here. I don't know what phone you're using. Can you get to another phone because you kind of broke in and out for us here.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah. I guess I was just asking  sorry about that. I guess the question was really what you guys are using for a denominator in terms of a number of type 1s? We're at 1.5 million, but the estimates are pretty wide, as you noted. And what is the assumption for percentage of the market that you will have penetrated by year end, at least to what's implied in guidance?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. So we're not going to answer the latter. We use kind of a range between 1.3 million and 1.5 million when we do our modeling.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on gross margin, thanks for all the detail. Just wondering if you'd comment on yield for the G5 transmitter? And as we look out beyond 2016, do you expect to get back to your 70% gross margin target in 2017? Or is this likely not until 2018 with the tailwind of the G6 launch?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think our yields on the G5 transmitter are fine. The issues and the launch issues we talked about really relate to better understanding Bluetooth communications and some of the power of the battery as we got it out in the field, and again just some things we learned that we think we've resolved with the firmware fix that we just filed with the FDA back in the  earlier in the second quarter. With respect to margins going forward, the one element that has changed from our business in the past, and I'll let Jess kick in if there's anything to add here, Jess, is we are now selling two transmitters that cost as much as a single transmitter used to cost for the price of one with a three-year life. We do have cost reduction programs in place for that transmitter, but that's not really going to kick in until the last half of 2017 at the earliest. So we're going to lose a few margins and some margin overall on transmitter sales because of that two-for-one system that we built in order to power the Bluetooth radio. The flip side of that is our mix may change over time as we get more patients, and maybe that 30%/70% split goes to 80% sensors, 20% hardware, they go back to the 70% level. I do agree with what you said earlier about the G6 sensor. Assuming we continue to build sensors per day with the payer groups, there's certainly a revenue opportunity that can enhance our margin performance greatly. So we'll just kind of play this out over time. As we said on the call, we'll get back up to the mid-60%s by the end of the year on an overall basis, and should be mid to high-60%s over the last few quarters. Jess, Steve, do you have anything to add?
Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I think the only other comment I would have is that when we move to our Gen 6 platform, the sensor becomes a 10-day sensor. Remember, we bill our insurance companies on a per-day basis. So we have some opportunity to pick up margin there. It gives us some negotiating leverage with the payers. So that can help as well.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Doug Schenkel - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks again, guys.
Operator: And then our next question comes from James Francescone of Morgan Stanley.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could comment on international results in the quarter. Obviously quite strong on a year-over-year perspective, but actually down a little bit sequentially, which I think is not the trend that we've typically seen in that business. Anything worth noting just purely in terms of the sequential trend in the international business?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. As you know, our international business is very much controlled by distributors and distributor purchasing patterns can be somewhat choppy. And particularly as you look at the end of the second quarter with the vacation schedule and such is what happens in July and August in Europe? We've seen similar patterns in the past, so we're not concerned about it. And Jess, do you have anything?
Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Nothing to add.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just on operating expenses. You framed your operating expense plan at the beginning of the year as including a 20%/25% increase in cash OpEx on the core business plus $40 million in spending on strategic goals. It seems like the strategic spending is in line with where we thought. Is the 20% to 25% cash OpEx increase on the core business, is that still the plan for the year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, it is. As we sit here today, understand we do have some increases in  again, the increases are typically as a percentage basis higher in the first half of the year because our revenue numbers are lower and we do incur some of that spending up front. I would tell you operationally as we look in OpEx this quarter, we probably accelerated some of our expenditures on the customer service side with respect to head count to take care of the issues we talked about previously. So some of that might be in, but it's not going to move the needle 10% or anything, if you move it 1% or 2% and we should catch up with that in the third and fourth quarters. The strategic spend in the goals should be higher over the last half of the year, but as revenues go up, our OpEx as a percentage, the other cash-based OpEx as a percentage of revenues should come in line. As we look at the end of the year, we should finish quite nicely. We should be okay.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: And then our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Partners.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Kevin or Steve, wondering if you could comment on, you mentioned progress with the artificial pancreas. Just wondering if you could comment on how soon you think a DexCom sensor will be involved in something that's competitive with Medtronic's low glucose suspend, or some incremental step forward on the artificial pancreas from a commercial perspective, or do you think the next step for you guys will be an actual artificial pancreas?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: I think it will be incremental steps, but I will tell you one positive note. Bigfoot put out a press release, I believe it was just last week, announcing that they've initiated clinical trials on their system. I'd like to defer  because Tandem and Insulet are both public companies, I kind of want to defer to them on their timelines, because they speak to their timelines during their calls. But, I would comment kind of broadly speaking that we believe our partners generally are making excellent progress, Animas included. And so without being specific, I think it is likely that the 670G will be a commercialized product before one of our partners had something that's specifically competitive. But I think you'll be pleasantly surprised that it wouldn't be too far behind the Medtronic before at least one of them has something that's competitive out there.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a question on time of sensor wear. And I know you guys have the capability today to shut the sensor off after a certain number of days. And I know this is a tough topic given the fact that a lot of patients extend the wear of this sensor. But just given what's happening with FDA and the potential for a non-adjunctive claim, how are you guys thinking about over the next few generations of the device potentially implementing an automatic shutoff of the system at a certain number of days? And how you'll sort of approach that with the patients?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've explored that possibility in a number of ways, from a technological perspective with respect to electronics, with respect to software, with respect to analyzing the membranes. And there's a number of ways we could in fact shut sensors off if they required that. Right now the FDA has not required that from us, and I think as we learn more about the performance of the sensor with a non-adjunctive claim, we'll revisit that with the FDA over time. The issue becomes quite simple then, and it's a very good question. If somebody is wearing a sensor on day 24 and they get a bad reading in dose insulin, whose fault is that? Is that ours? Or is that the patient's, or who's responsible? And so there is a risk factor here. Right now we believe our patients are very adept at determining when the sensor isn't working to meet their specifications. So we have not been asked to shut it off at this point in time. We will evaluate it with future technologies. And we'll be fair with the patients no matter what we do. If the FDA said you have to shut all these off at seven days, in all candor we'd figure out ways to make this right with the patients in our pricing models and make sure that they're not harmed tremendously either. We know how important it is to them, and we understand the cost of the technology as these guys manage a disease that just never goes away. So it's something we will always balance. But it is something we've been very thoughtful about and something we've given a great deal of thought to with our future products. As we look at a two-week sensor, quite honestly there's not a whole lot of reasons not to turn a two-week sensor off and eliminate that liability. It's when you're at seven days and our patients, many of them, say these things last much longer than seven days. In fact one of the investigators did a study that showed week two might even be as good as week, or better than week one for some of his patients. So we've been hesitant to do that at this point in time, but we will explore it in our discussions with the FDA and we'll consider it during our business analytics over the course of time.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Johnson of Robert Baird.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good evening, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. But, Steve, I just want to go back to something you talked about with your pump partners. I think a year or two ago you guys were clearly maybe frustrated with the step-wise fashion some of those pump partners were moving in. I think more recently it sounds like at least one or maybe a couple of the pump companies are starting to invest in class-three manufacturing and they're putting frameworks in place to where they can maybe more efficiently push integrated updates to the field whether it's G5 going to G6, something like that. So, I guess my question is, how broad is this trend at this point and do you feel like most of the pump companies are now starting to invest in these processes that are going to help your business as you can make these upgrade pathways more accessible to patients on both a pump and CGM combined basis going forward?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. I do. I think we're still a little frustrated. I mean look, it's kudos to our R&D teams who are able to innovate and iterate as quickly as they do. I think our sense of frustration somewhat comes from the fact that we're able to turn new products at a much more rapid basis than any of our partners. But I'm pleasantly surprised with some of the progress that they've made and I think look, we're going to see competitive offerings in the marketplace sooner rather than later.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Fair enough. And then, Kevin, I guess a question for you. I just want to make sure I understood some of your adjunctive versus non-adjunctive comments that you made. I don't think I'm reading this correctly, but you weren't trying to imply that you might go to market with like a dosing claims sensor and then a non-dosing claims sensor? Were you? You were just kind of trying to draw the difference between the dosing claim and those sensors that won't have it?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm just drawing to light the question. Once we have a non-adjunctive claim, are there adjunctive sensors that are still out there? I mean, once strip's got an accuracy standard set, do we have other strips that are non-adjunctive strips that you use another strip to measure to make sure the strip is right? I think we have some very interesting philosophical device and treatment issues that we need to discuss and work out with the agency over the next few months that we don't know the answer to at this point in time. But we will, we'll get there.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooks West of Piper Jaffray.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hey, guys. Good afternoon. This is Tom on for Brooks. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask about the transition to the pharmacy and if there are any updates you can give us? And then along those lines, it sounds like ASPs are in that $70 to $75 range again. So just wondering at what point we might start to see some impact from the channel mix shift?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've been very deliberate in the contracts we've entered into. By the way, this is Kevin. We've been very deliberate in the contracts we've entered into to protect our pricing position. Consequently, we haven't moved as much of our business to the pharmacy channel as we would like to, because we do end up getting in some very detailed pricing discussions. And in many payers where we have a very good DME contract, and we're paid nicely for sensors, it doesn't make a lot of sense to give up a whole bunch of price to move over to pharmacy. And so we're trying to find a way to strike that balance and maybe even strike a balance where our business model changes a bit over time, where we might get into a subscription-type model that's delivered through the drugstore. We have a number of proposals out there that are very creative with payers and very different than what we've done in the past. We just haven't  we continue to discuss them all, but we haven't been willing to give up a bunch of price. Earlier, one of the analysts talked about the 10-day sensor, and Steve spoke about that as well, where we currently bill per day with the sensor. So, right now if the sensor is $70 to $75 for seven days, you can see it's between $10.00 and $10.75 a day on the average. To the extent we go to a Gen 6 sensor and we get 10 days, and we'd be willing to give a day back, pricing wise, for example, that may be the time to really aggressively go after the pharmacy business and use our price as a leverage point. But today we've not been willing to leverage the business to give that up, so it's gone slower than we'd expected. We get warm reception, we have great meetings, but we've not been willing to give up a whole bunch of pricing so far.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. Thank you very much for that. And then just one quick follow-up. Have you given your expectations for the timing of your other commencement of the post market following the panel?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. We have not.
Thomas J. Bakas - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And then our next question is from Tao Levy of Wedbush.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a couple quick ones here. In terms of the penetration of the type 1 U.S. population, where do you think the CGM market currently stands?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Steve, you take your shot.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: I'm guessing somewhere maybe slightly under 20% of patients using, between us and folks using the Medtronic system.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd agree with that. Under 20%, probably over 15% at this point.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I would expect it to be over 15% given how quickly you guys have been adding patients. And in terms of  you had made the comment during the prepared remarks, when we think about the non-adjunctive claim that it might require additional training, the patient, of the clinician, caregiver. Does that imply maybe a slower ramp initially than we might have seen before, and is that something you can control?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't believe it'll be a slower ramp-up. We believe it's something we can control. The key issue here is just defining the parameters around the training and I'll give you an example. This was discussed at the panel meeting actually, when a patient sees a number with double arrows up, there are a number of ways that patient could be trained. There are several models that have been built that suggest if you have a number and double arrows up and you're going to give yourself a bolus, you multiply it by, instead of your typical insulin dose, you multiply it by a multiplier like 1.2 or 1.3 or 1.1. The question is there for that example, do we give that type of recommendation? Or is that the physician's recommendation to give? And where and how do we train patients, or do we train physicians to give that type of recommendation and get out of the way? We don't believe it's going to require a whole lot  it's going to slow us down, but we do need to get this training material really knocked out and revised before we can launch in that manner. But that's the type of question that we're dealing with. And the other one, and I can share a little more detail on FDA discussions here, do we have more specific training materials for our various subsets of patients? For seniors, for pediatric patients, for adults? Moreover, do they need to be trained differently combined with  as this technology expands, we can certainly have a training material set for endocrinologists and diabetes educators. But as we get into general practitioners, because this will expand to general practitioners, how do we train them? And what type of materials and programs do we provide for those guys? Or do we take over the whole patient training for somebody who comes through that channel? Those are the things that we're discussing about training, and we presented our ideas and we're having a very open dialog with the FDA on the matter.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. And just, lastly, when do you expect  I don't know if you mentioned it earlier on, but when do you expect to get the app that also includes the ability to measure how much insulin is either in the pump or on board?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We'll file our next version of the app before the end of the year, and that app will be capable of receiving insulin data. The question becomes then what devices can communicate with that or does the patient enter that on their own? But that app will be filed before the end of the year.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So in order for the pump to communicate, the pump would have to have Bluetooth for that, I assume.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Or have some way to communicate to the pump.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Some way to communicate to the pump.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question is from Anthony Petrone of Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, and good afternoon. Maybe Kevin or Steve, just to go back to sort of the competitive landscape, you know after the July 21 panel, and if we look ahead, if there is a situation where you do receive the non-adjunctive label claim, what do you think this actually does to the competitive landscape? Is it safe to assume we can run scenarios of share gains for G5 in future sensors in the absence of competitors actually having that label claim? Then you also mentioned training manuals. That has to be out there too. So it seems like a lot of infrastructure is being put in place here, and I'm just wondering what your high level thoughts are on the competitive landscape after these events? And then I have just two quick housekeeping questions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I'll start. Steve, Jess, anybody want to jump in? From a market share perspective, based on the independent data we read, we already have 70% share. So that's a pretty good, healthy position as we sit here today. And we don't have a fully-integrated pump that can regulate insulin delivery to attack the rest of that marketplace. So we feel we're in a very good market share place as we sit here today. What we really hope to drive is continued market expansion and continued use of CGM. With respect to infrastructure, there is going to be a lot more  there is going to be more put in place. But please understand, we've been laying the ground for this for quite  groundwork for this for quite some time. For example, with the G5 Mobile System, the user guide is part of the app. And so, even though there's going to be training, you still don't have to get that 600-page user guide in a box. You can go to the app, and you can touch a screen, and you can get help on what you need, including access to training videos that can talk to you and tell you exactly what to do with the system. So the groundwork is in place. It's going to be different training and different education than medical devices have experienced in the past. And we're pretty excited to be at the front of this.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. So the only thing I would add is on the  would be on the Medicare front from a competitive perspective, that Medicare today is telling us they're requiring a non-adjunctive claim before they'll cover the products to the extent we obtain the non-adjunctive claim, and we have some period of time where we might gain Medicare access without  in the absence of competition, that can certainly give us an opportunity to capture some patients that no one else would be able to capture.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Helpful. And just the two follow-ups would be if you can provide any update on patient dropouts following the receiver recall, if there are any out there? And any updates on state Medicaid contracts? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: No. I don't think we  we're not going to give you a specific attrition rate, but I don't think we've seen any meaningful uptick in attrition as it relates to the receiver recall issue. On the Medicaid side, quite frankly the last numbers I've heard is we're somewhere north of 25 states, but honestly I didn't  somewhere right in that range. I haven't updated with our folks in several weeks now, so let's go with around 25 states.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kyle Rose of Canaccord.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions. A couple quick ones here. One, just given the amount of new patients added in the first half of the year, just wanted to see if you could characterize the type of patients you're seeing? And then any changes in underlying utilization? It sounds like attrition is stable, but is any way that  anything you've learned over the first six months of the year that would impact what we've seen prior based on patient utilization and drop-out trends?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think these have been relatively consistent. I did enjoy the question about the receiver recall issue. I would tell you with respect to the patient behavior there, in reality what we got more was angry patients who couldn't use the system, then we got patients who dropped off and they were very happy as we solved the problem. I think utilization continues to be a mixed bag, but it's not really consistent. For example, people with  there are many people with great insurance who would gladly  their insurance company replace their sensor every 7 days, who still wear it for 14. There are others who can barely get 7 out of them. I think people use it as long as they can. With respect to new patient characteristics, the one thing we can give you, and this is what we gave you earlier in the call, we felt it was very important to flip the patient base on the new patients from predominantly pumpers to predominately MDI patients because that really reflects the type 1 market. And, again, saying that over 60% of our direct new patients, our multiple daily injection users shows that we've been very successful with this message and that CGM first is truly resonating with everybody.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. I appreciate that additional color. And then just lastly, and then I'll hop off, is from a longer-term perspective as you think about going to  in the broader diabetes population, whether that be through the general practitioner channel or other ways, just how do you envision your sales channel changing, and the type of investments that would be required to help do that?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We are studying that right now and I don't have a perfect answer for you. Some of the options have been presented to us as partners. Some of the options we've considered are a totally separate sales organization, contract sales organizations. We've considered a number of options and we'll continue to explore that as we get these products ready. The one thing that we have learned and what we've spent most of our efforts on in the type 2 market over the past several months is just seeing how this technology will work. And let me tell you, type 2 patients, even those not using insulin, when given this feedback learn what to do with their health and learn how to take care of their diabetes. It's a win. If we can get the cost structure the way we want to and the product the way we want it configured with our partners at Verily, we think this is a home run. So the distribution will be every bit as tricky as the technology, we just  we're getting the technology there first. That's kind of how we roll here at DexCom.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: And then our next question comes from Erik Shoger of Northcoast Research.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hi, guys. Two questions for you. One just a follow-up on the pharmacy channel question. I'm curious, when you originally started talking about that, you kind of painted it as a requirement really to enable you to grow at the high rates that you have been. I guess, one, do you think that's still the case? And two, what ultimately flips the switch to get more and more patients onto the pharmacy channel? Is it something like DIaMonD study, or is it just kind of those bare-knuckle negotiations that you're talking about?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's a combination of all of them, Erik. I think the DIaMonD study will be very helpful. We have not rolled the DIaMonD study out in mass to the payers yet because we're waiting for publication, and we want to get the type 2 results in there as well because if we can get the insulin-using type 2 patients, that will also help our business. But we are going to have to show ultimately that this system saves the payer more money than it costs them when all said and done. And I've been on a couple of payer calls recently, personally, because I want to better understand this dynamic and our team is very, very good. But it's interesting, got strong three curveballs in one last Friday that we  I just  and I turned to them after we're done. I said, is this how this works? And they go, pretty much every time. So it  nothing is simple. I personally believe it's a requirement to make getting CGM easier for our patients and I would love to do that with the pharmacy model. We will explore other models, as I mentioned on the call, if we could come up with the DME model, that's a subscription-based model, that would be great. I can tell you there are some payers, I won't name them all, but there are two or three of them where we have a DME relationship and it is clockwork. We get a patient's name and they're on the system in a matter of a week. We have others that can drag this out for two or three months. In DME, we have some of our pharmacy contracts that happen very quickly. Your prescription goes into the drugstore and you get the product. We have others that go through a pre-op that take a lot of time as well. Ultimately, it's the consistency of the approval process and the reimbursement process that's most important to us, and we felt two years ago that the most consistent way we could do this was through the drugstore. And I would tell you, I probably still feel that way as does the rest of our team because this is a product that patients use every day and they should be able to go get it without the hassle they go through now. Conversely, we have to manage our finances, and we have to manage our top line. And we've got a business to run to offset that with. And we haven't been willing to give up a whole bunch of price to make a mass move over to the pharmacy, because where we have a direct contract with the payer, they have a price for our product. And we start from there, and often times they want to go down. And so we've held the line steady. Over time Gen 6 will help us lower costs. Electronics will help us. Disposable transmitters will help us. Hopefully the thing going straight to the phone and avoiding the receiver altogether can help us. We have initiatives all throughout our product pipeline that will be very helpful in this regard. And so I don't doubt that we can get there. I think it's just taking more time than we planned.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then one quick one, maybe for you, Steve, as it relates to the OUS business. As you understand things now, particularly as you get into the negotiations in Germany, how do you expect the sensor ASP to change going forward, if at all?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: I don't even want to speculate because we're not at that point of negotiation yet.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Is there any reason to believe that it would be drastically lower?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: No. I guess typically European pricing can be slightly lower. But, our pricing today on a cash free basis and even pricing, for example, in Sweden where we have reimbursement, is quite positive. So...
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. I guess the only other comment I would make there is remember that the revenue DexCom as we go direct to some of these markets like Germany, we're cutting out the middle man having a distributor. So it's all, from a contribution perspective, it's way better for us.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yeah. For sure. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the call back to Kevin for closing remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, as you can tell by this call, things are very busy here these days. And we continue to believe that we're merely scratching the surface of the opportunity in front of us with this technology to change lives. Many of you heard the testimonials at the recent FDA Panel Meeting. They moved everybody in the room nearly to tears. This device changes lives, and that's what inspires us to come to work and do what we do each and every day. Thanks for listening and taking the time. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Bianca, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. Kevin Sayer. Mr. Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bianca, and welcome everybody to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. I'd like to turn the time over to Steve Pacelli for our Safe Harbor statement.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Great. Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's intentions, belief, expectations and strategies about future events, operating plans and performance. All forward-looking statements included in this presentation are made as of the date hereof based on the information currently available to DexCom. The future events are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements are detailed in DexCom's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for the period ended March 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our other reports filed with the SEC. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement after the date of this presentation or confirm this forward-looking statements to actual result. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with our usual format, Steve will start with a detailed review of our 2016 first quarter financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $116 million for the first quarter of 2016 compared to $73 million for the same quarter in 2015, a $43 million or 60% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q1 was down approximately 11% from the prior quarter, which was expected as the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter for our business. Our first quarter gross profit was $75 million, generating a gross margin of 65% compared to a gross profit of $47 million and a gross margin of 64% for the same quarter in the prior year. Our gross margin in Q1 was affected by several factors. Obviously gross margin was negatively impacted due to lower sales volumes in Q1 as a result of seasonality. Compared to Q1 of last year, our gross margin on hardware was impacted by sales of the G5 Mobile transmitter, which has a shorter useful life and therefore a lower ASP. And to a lesser extent, our gross margin was impacted by lower yields on our G5 Mobile transmitter, which is also expected with any new product launch. Finally, our gross margin was impacted by an increase in warranty expense. The impact of the increased warranty expense has crafted a lower yield, accounted for approximately 3 margin points in Q1 and absent these expenses, our gross margin would have been approximately 68% for the quarter. Kevin will provide some additional clarity momentarily. For the full year, we expect our gross margin to return to our normalized operating range of 67% to 70%. However, depending on ongoing remediation efforts surrounding our receiver recall, margins could be negatively impacted in future periods during the year. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits. Our mix between durable and consumable products shifted slightly in Q1, to approximately 28% in durable and 72% consumable. Sensor pricing has remained constant with the ASP for sensors within a range of $70 to $75 per sensor, and the ASP for our hardware has also remained stable. Finally, our international business continued to perform, generating $19 million in revenue during the quarter. Research and development expense totaled $32 million for Q1 of 2016, compared to $20 million in Q1 of 2015, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related expenses and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline, particularly with respect to our next generation insertion system and work on our advanced product pipeline, including expenses associated with our Verily, partnership. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $62 million in Q1 of 2016 compared to $39 million during the same quarter in 2015, with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our customer support organization as well as a ramp in marketing expenses in connection with our DTC awareness campaigns, investment in our OUS expansion efforts, and investment in our IT infrastructure. With respect to our operating expenses, I want to remind investors of a few key points. As we said during our fourth quarter call, we did not anticipate that Q1 cost would go down sequentially and our OpEx was up only approximately 5% from Q4 2015. Our non-cash expenses and taxes related to equity compensation, included in our operating results, were up $10 million year-over-year and $4 million sequentially, representing the bulk of our sequential OpEx increase. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2016 totaled $19 million, which included $28 million in non-cash expenses, centered primarily in non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Absent these non-cash charges, cash based net income was $9 million for Q1. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.23. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with a $107 million in cash and marketable securities. Our Q1 revenue performance fell within our range of expectations, but consistent with past practices, we will stick with our current guidance of $540 million to $565 million in revenue for the year. However, also consistent with prior years, we will reevaluate our guidance during the Q2 earnings call and update as appropriate. Before I turn the call back over to Kevin, let me add some color around our OpEx spend during Q1 for the balance of 2016. As we mentioned during our last earnings call, we've indicated that we plan to spend up to $40 million this year on four key incremental strategic initiatives, including our Verily partnership, expanded manufacturing capacity, international expansion and investment in our advanced data platforms. Our outlook for these investments remains unchanged, but expenses on these projects will be choppy on a quarterly basis. For example, Q1 expenses on these initiatives were less than $10 million with the biggest spends on Verily product development and our international expansion. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve. So far in this reporting season, we have seen the big diabetes players report their performance and here is what they've said. J&J diabetes down 15% operationally year-over-year in the U.S. Abbott U.S. diabetes down 32%. Roche diabetes down 49% in North America. And for Medtronic, we only have global numbers, but their diabetes only grew around 11% in its most recent quarter. We grew 60% in the first quarter of 2016 on top of 55% last year. Our new patient growth remains phenomenal and our perspective patient pipeline remains robust. While our growth has enabled us to make significant investments for the future, we have experienced some growing pains in the past few months, that I would like to address. I'd like to start with some words regarding our recent FDA action on our plans to get through this. By way of background, we had noted an increased number of speaker failures in our MDR reporting over a number of months. Accordingly, together with the FDA, we determined that the appropriate course of action was to initiate a customer notification, which was consistent with Class II recall procedures. In compliance with the FDA's directives, DexCom issued this notification letter on February 23, 2016. The letter was posted on our website and sent via certified mail to all U.S. patients either directly by DexCom or by means of our distributors. Additionally, we implemented procedures to provide the same notification to DexCom patients globally through our distributor network. For those of you who have not read the customer notification, it reminds patients of the importance of alerts and alarms and encourages them to test the audio functionality of the receiver regularly. The local FDA office inspected DexCom in late March and determined that we had complied with our agreed upon Class II recall procedures. FDA continued to review this matter and subsequently determined that due to the extreme importance of alerts and alarms in CGM, this matter was more appropriately classified as a Class I recall. After this determination and to increase awareness in the patient community, we issued a press release dated April 11, 2016 and the FDA posted the Class I recall notice on their website. Given all of that information there are two questions that we must address today. How is DexCom going to fix this and what does this means to our business going forward? As for the fix, we are implementing several corrective actions. We have identified a new speaker for the current receiver that will be more robust. This replacement speaker and associated manufacturing change has already been filed with the FDA. As we've discussed on many of our previous earnings calls, we have a completely new receiver in our product pipeline and it will be filed with the FDA before the end of the second quarter. We believe this receiver will greatly improve the patient experience. Additionally, we are evaluating a software upgrade for the current receiver to systematically test its audio functionality on a regular basis. While the agency has not approved any of our proposed actions, the FDA is aware of them and we are confident that they will continue to work with us to implement features to improve patient safety. With respect to the business, Steve noted previously that we have experienced an increase in warranty expense this quarter. Certainly, some portion of that increase relates to the recall situation and we have experienced a slight increase in the percentage of receivers returned due to speaker failure. Absolute numbers increased simply because of the size of the patient base and the fact that we sent out a patient notification letter also increased the number of returns. But, our product returns across the board have increased this quarter. Some of the increase relates to the fact that the patients received a letter, some relates to the fact that we're in the middle of our most complicated product launch ever, some relates to the fact that we have not been able to address all patient concerns in a timely manner through our tech services group and we made the decision to ship replacement product quickly to take care of our customers. We should have anticipated better. We currently have a very large number of receivers in stock as we built up inventory in anticipation of redeploying our manufacturing resources on the next generation receiver later this year. The timing of FDA's approval of our proposed corrections, combined with whatever additional actions we may implement, could have a financial impact in future periods. For example, we may be able to implement our proposed software upgrade for the receiver to include the systematic speaker test. While that may require some work, the costs would not be extensive if that is our corrective action. On the other hand, we may be required to implement the new speaker configuration going forward, as soon as it is approved, which would require us to rework or scrap some or all of the current receiver inventory. We believe this example would be the worst-case scenario. While, it's impossible to predict the total impact of any corrective actions we might take, we currently estimate the potential write-off related to rework all of our current receiver inventory to be approximately $5 million. For patients it's business as usual. We continue to ship our current products and believe there is no safer way to manage the day-to-day treatment of diabetes than the world's most accurate connected continuous glucose monitor. And we continue to hear this over and over and over again. I now want to take the opportunity to address our patient community. March of this year marked our 10th anniversary of commercialized CGM. We've come a very long way over the past several years and the momentum is not slowing down as you can see by our continued revenue growth. During the past 15 months, we have more than doubled the U.S. patient base. And it's one thing to double a patient base, when you go from 2,500 to 5,000 patients. It's a completely different thing, when you start talking about adding tens of thousands of new patients each and every quarter. When you combine the sheer number of new patients added to the DexCom family, it was the most complicated product launch in the history of our organization, then add the customer notification process to this. You can imagine things have been very hectic here. And we've learned many lessons over the past several months. While we felt that we plan the Gen 5 launch very well from a product and messaging perspective, we fell short from an infrastructure perspective. The G5 launch has been more complex on a number of fronts. For example, even though the pricing is the same, the process of purchasing two transmitters for six months of use versus one transmitter has taken an inordinate amount of customer service time, causing patient delays and inconvenience. The same can be said for patients that were required to purchase a G5 receiver, after buying a G4 receiver in a previous time period. On top of that, we have learned that our technical support calls on the G5 system are approximately 40% longer than they are for G4. G5 technical support calls are also much more complex. For example, in addition to supporting our CGM system functionality, we spent a lot of time discussing things like Bluetooth pairing, Bluetooth range, what app are we supposed to download, how do we pair the app, how do we share data and so forth. So, now, we are providing medical device and consumer product support all at the same time, to a much broader group of patients. DexCom has been the highest rated CGM manufacturing customer loyalty and satisfaction for seven years in a row and we will fix this. Couple of examples that will be implemented shortly. We have added and trained a number of people to work in customer service, and believe that we will be right-sized within a couple of weeks. We are also in the final stages of several IT efficiency projects, including a new phone system, that we will turn on over the next 30 days. These actions combined with several other things that we've already put in place, will take us where we need to be. We apologize for slipping and we'll make this right for our DexCom users. Now, I'm going to talk a bit about our G5 commercial launch. We continue to be very pleased with the feedback we received on our G5 Mobile system and the lives we're able to impact with our technology. Response in the diabetes community for mobile connectivity has been exceptional. This past quarter, we launched an app that enabled the Apple Watch. This enhancement has been very beneficial to a number of patients. We are still on track to launch the Android version of G5 Mobile later this year and note that the Android follow application is already available. We are also planning to submit several additional enhanced versions of our G5 Mobile app to provide additional features and functionality this year, including a mute override on the alerts and the alarms and the possible incorporation of insulin data into the app. I'd now like to speak about our non-injunctive claim. For several quarters now, we have discussed our efforts to obtain a non-injective or dosing claim for our CGM system. For purposes of background information, labeling for our current system requires that patients take a confirmatory finger stick to support the information provided by CGM prior to making a treatment decision. We have always believed that the information provided by CGM provides much better information for making an insulin dosing decision at a single finger stick, particularly when we look at the accuracy and performance of our system with our Software 505 algorithm. We also want to remind investors that CMS is requiring this type of labeling for Medicare approval. We began discussions with the FDA regarding this claim almost 18 months ago. Last fall, at the request of the FDA, we filed a PMA supplement, seeking approval of non-injunctive labeling for the G5 system based upon the following. Clinical data obtained using our software 505 algorithm. Thousands of simulations of CGM treatment scenarios, multiple human factor studies, revised labeling language and ultimately a new G5 app for non-injunctive claim. As a reminder, we received CE Mark for this labeling in August 2015. Over the past several months we have had multiple discussions with the FDA regarding this filing and we have continued to supply them with additional data. Earlier this quarter, the FDA notified us that this PMA supplement would be subject to an advisory panel review, which has been scheduled for July 21, 2016 in Gaithersburg, Maryland. We are obviously preparing very thoroughly for this extremely important panel meeting. We are very pleased that the FDA has worked so closely with us during the PMA supplement review and we look forward for the opportunity to present our case. In the event that we receive a positive recommendation from the panel and ultimately FDA approval, we anticipate a very significant post-market study will be required to support this labeling. The panel meeting could very well set the tone for all future CGM products. Now I'd like to address things on our product pipeline front. We continue to make progress on our G6 sensor technology. Our IDE application is in the final stages of review and we expect to obtain approval in the coming weeks. We anticipate initiating our pivotal trial either late in Q2 or early in Q3 depending upon the timing of the IDE approval. In addition, we expect to work with our Artificial Pancreas partners to incorporate Gen 6 into their research and clinical studies as soon as possible, providing us with very robust data set on the performance of this product. As a reminder, the G6 sensor will have a reduced calibration scheme, one per day after startup, driven with a completely new advanced algorithm platform. It will have the ability to block acetaminophen interference, a labeled indication of up to 10 days of sensor life and a number of other features that will make the CGM experience better for our patients. Overall performance should be consistent with G5 Mobile on the 505 Software even with the reduced calibration scheme and the extended ware. The G5 product will also leverage our new applicator and receiver technologies. We believe that by combining our best-in-class sensor accuracy with an enhanced patient experience, G5 will again raise the bar in the CGM marketplace. Looking ahead, our plans for advanced sensors continue to include a no calibration system. We know that we can run our G6 sensors with no calibrations, but what we don't know is the FDA regulatory path for this configuration, especially for intensively managed patients. We may well see the day when we have a more robust product for intensive insulin using patients that will continue to require some form of calibration and a lower cost diagnostic for non-insulin using patients that would require no calibration. As some of you have noted the clinical study for our new insertion system and transmitter has been posted by clinicaltrials.gov. We are in the middle of analyzing the study data. We will tell you that patients absolutely love the experience of this system. Our biggest variable with respect to the new applicator and transmitter system launches scale. We have never built this system in quantity and all of our manufacturing procedures change when we launch it. We must be completely ready for this launch and with a three-month life on the transmitter, it will be much easier to cut patients over that has been for us in the past. We're currently preparing our submission and will provide you with more color on timing next quarter. With respect to our pump partners, Animas and Tandem continue to report positive results from their integrated pump offerings with G4 PLATINUM. And we believe all of our pump partners are making excellent progress on the development of more advanced integrated systems. We continue to make progress beyond our pump partnerships as we explore opportunities in connectivity with smart insulin pins as well as other interconnected diabetes management platforms. Finally, on the product pipeline front, our partnership with Verily is going extremely well. Verily has already completed a first generation transmitter, it is beginning to test its performance with both G5 and G6 sensors. Initial results have been very promising. And launch of our first combined product appears to be very much on schedule. Finally, our advanced sensor research program remains on track to deliver a sensor intended to work with the targeted bandage-sized disposable transmitter that we are co-developing with Verily. On the international expansion front, we are very close to opening our European headquarters in Scotland and we will begin to expand the European team on all fronts. Over the next several years, we expect the transition to a direct commercial presence in multiple European countries, including the UK. We continue to believe that reimbursement could come in Germany and France and the UK in the near future and we will be ready to capitalize on that opportunity. In conclusion, our results speak for themselves, with 60% sales growth in Q1 we believe DexCom's competitive position is as strong as it's ever been. And as I look at the innovation in our pipeline, we are only scratching the surface of the opportunity ahead. We're all very proud of what we've accomplished so far and look forward to further changing the diabetes landscape. I would like to take a moment to thank all of our hardworking employees and our physician and patient community and shareholders for all of their continued support. I would now like to open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Kevin, there's a lot to cover here, so let me start first off by congratulations on obviously a very, very strong quarter and strong start to year. Thinking just about the FDA advisory panel and obviously it creates another hurdle, which you guys hopefully will crossover. So, that creates a little bit of uncertainty for investors here. But I think the positive side of it is the bar for anybody else getting the finger stick replacement claim just went up that much higher. Love just to get your additional thoughts on that? And then a couple of other topics I wanted to cover.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, Mike, this is so important in such a paradigm shift in diabetes care to have that replacement claim. We're okay going to panel and we will just prepare and be the absolute best that we can. And it's important that we learn exactly what we have to do because we do have to get this claim to get Medicare coverage. And as I've gone out in the field and met with physicians, question number one every time I walk in an office is when are you going to get Medicare? So, we need this labeling. So, we look forward to the opportunity and will take what comes, but we will be ready, rest assured. We will not lack for preparation here.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. A couple of other topics I was hoping you could touch on. One is DIaMonD trial and specifically what data do you think we will see at ADA now that there is a scheduled presentation? And two, all the discussion around some of the challenges with the G5 launch and really the learning curve on some of it. How has that impacted the timing for G6?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let's start with  we can start with that one, that really hasn't impacted our G6 timing. We have continued to work on our G6 IDE. I can tell you the FDA is putting our IDE through a very rigorous process and standards are not getting easier, they are getting harder. And I think some of this, is in anticipation of the non-adjunctive claim that as they look at G6, they look at this, is this going to be a non-adjunctive sensor. And while we have multiple years of data on that G5 system with 505 Software, we don't have multiple years of data on a new sensor. So that trial is going to be very, very robust, that would be the first one. What were the other two, I'm sorry I...
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, the question was, number one question on DIaMonD trial?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, DIaMonD, yeah, I'll take that quick. We haven't seen the data yet. This is an independent study certainly and the results will be (26:32) we don't know. Honestly we do not know how this study is going to read yet, I believe the data will come in certainly a month or six weeks before the presentation so they will come in soon. Certainly our hope for the DIaMonD study was to show improved outcomes through the use of CGM in this patient population. And we anticipate there will be that, but we don't know what those outcomes are. This is a very independent group of diabetes thought leaders, who are going to tell us what happened and what they saw.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question, I will let some others jump in, could you just  you didn't spend any time on this call talking about the attempt to develop the pharmacy channel. Could you just  you made a lot of progress here particularly in the back half of last year. Can you just talk about where you are with that and will there be a point where you'll start to talk about the percentage of your business that's going to the pharmacy?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah, Mike this is Steve. We're not going to disclose that today but you're right we  frankly because there was so much information in this call. We didn't really have a specific update on pharmacy. We've continued to say it's progressing, going a little slower than we probably anticipated out of the gate. We'll certainly update you as we see more progress, but yeah, there's not a whole lot to talk about there today.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll let some others jump in and congrats again on the quarter, guys.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead, sir.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Kevin, at the panel, will it just be DexCom submission being discussed?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: To our knowledge for our panel meeting, that is correct.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, interesting. And then as you think about the competitive dynamics coming out of that, let's say it does go positively, they approve it towards the end of the year, how will your messaging change and how material do you think that that is as you talk to clinicians, as you talk to patients compared to the other products that are available or what might come out in 2017?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ben, that's really a fascinating question and it's subject to debate all the time. Obviously, I can tell you one segment where this plays very well. There still are physicians who are not overly familiar with CGM, who don't recommend it regularly because they say you still have to stick your finger anyway. With this claim, we will be able to go to that group and say, look, recommend this for your patients, they don't have to take finger sticks before they make the treatment decision, this will be a very, very good outcome for us and we'll be able to get deeper and into more physicians. With respect to the rest of the community, I think it certainly sets us as a standard above everybody else, which we're already at out there anyway. So, it will give us an advantage that we'll continue to market and continue to push. And I think it will be helpful, there is certainly no downside here at all.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure, sure. And then the sequential decline in patient adds in the first quarter, seemed like it was smaller than previous quarters, obviously this is your second print after the G5 launch. How would you characterize kind of the pipeline and the tone of business going through the quarter. Was it a typical Q1 progression or did it surprise you?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. I think it was  Ben, this is Steve. I think it was a typical Q1 progression, similar seasonality to prior years. I would say, one thing we're  we might be starting to see, it's a little early to tell is maybe a reduction in seasonality over time as we move more of the business to the pharmacy channel because they're less sensitive. Now those are certainly not  more attributable to sensor purchases as opposed to hardware purchases. But other than that, I mean it was a very typical Q1 for us.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: And then finally, maybe for Jess, how would you guess the sensor mix exiting the year, you obviously came down a couple of points this quarter. Should we look for that to keep moving or how do you look at that? Thank you.
Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, for the year, Ben, I would look it to probably normalize and be in the 70%, 30% range. In prior years, we have had some fluctuation of consumables being in the 69% to 71%, 72% mix.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just a question on some of the receiver issues. Did you see any change in patient attrition during this or  time of  or sensor days per patient?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Danielle, that's a very good question. Our internal checks would indicate we haven't seen any attrition and one of our larger distributors was in last week had said, they see retention at an all time high. I would tell you in all candor I've taken a couple of frustrated patient calls because of wait times and I do that from time to time and in no case has somebody called me and said, I want to get rid of your product, I just want you to answer the phone and get on the line quicker and help me. So, we haven't seen that, but if we don't fix our  the things we're working on we would and that's why we're so committed to making the improvements and getting through these issues.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then, second question for you on the adjunctive claim, can you give us some color into what exactly is FDA looking for here. I mean, you're already at an algorithm that 9% MARD, our checks with regulatory folks, not that work for FDA, but imply that, that should be good enough. So, I guess, what more does FDA need to see, I'm happy to hear you guys are going at panel, but also kind of feel like that's overkill, why can't we just get this approved without a panel. So I would love to hear some color on what FDA is looking for.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Danielle, this is such a paradigm shift, I think they truly want to make sure we have the public panel and everybody can digest the information. As we've gone through this process, it's not only the MARD, it's overall patient safety and as we talk about simulations, for example, we built thousands, hundreds of thousands of used cases, where if the CGM reads, X and the finger stick reads, Y and the finger stick is right, but the CGM is wrong, what could happen or vice-versa. And what they wanted to see is how we protect patients. And in all cases and all reality, the best way to protect your patient is with the CGM, because if they make a decision, even if the CGM for whatever reason is off and you know about our accuracy and reliability, the only way you know, you've made a bad decision is with an alert or alarm. And so, with our alerts and alarms and with our system, we believe that's much safer than the decisions patients make today with only finger sticks. So we've had to simulate and build those cases and make sure we have a very strong actual data platform to build this on. So, when you're going to make a change this big, I think what the FDA looked at and said with all caution, we need to make sure, we get this out on the public and we proceed down the proper path. The accuracy issue is fine, the other thing that we have to approve and support and again our 505 Software is the best ever found for this, is outliers. You really want to eliminate outliers sensors more than anything else. And our system does that and we need to show that it does. And so, all those things are being considered by them. And listen, we're going to comply.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Good. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead, sir.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, guys. This is Mike (34:08) calling in for Jayson. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike (34:09). Yeah.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: Great, thanks. First I wanted to ask you about the G5 upgrade cycle. Can you give us a sense what percent of your user base is either converted to G5 mobile or is on the G5 mobile now?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah. We've decided not to break that out. What we've said before is still holding true that we've always offered a low cost cash upgrade to the next generation platform and frankly very few patients take us up on it. So, what we're seeing is a transition from G4 to G5 as people's warranties expires and they're eligible for a new system, they're just processing it through insurance. So, kind of status quo there, but we're not aggressively pursuing an upgrade at this point and you should just assume over the next 12 months to 18 months that the vast majority of patients will transition.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: It's the same sensor remember, that's  Mike, just real quick, one point I do want to make. Remember that from a sensor perspective, so 72% of our revenue in the quarter, the G4 and G5 sensor configuration is identical. So, you're really just talking about some hardware upgrade.
Unknown Speaker: All right. That makes sense. Okay. And then anything new with the alternative paths to Medicare, we've been hearing a little bit about individual successes on the judicial front and is there an option to maybe escalate that to a broader scale? And then similarly anything on the legislative front?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're doing the best we can with those individual cases and on the judicial front. The legislative front is a little slow right now. We continue to work and try and get it through that channel. But we feel we've got to get the labeling when all said and done to get there. So, that's where we are right now.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Rose from Canaccord. Kyle, please go ahead.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot. Can you hear me all right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yes.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Congrats on a strong start to the year. Wanted to talk a little bit about the patient dynamics that you're seeing and then also what do you think about the pipeline. Robust new patient growth over the last several years, you talked about the pipeline has never been stronger from a new patient perspective. Can you talk a little bit about what do these patients look like, it feels like there  you've moved past the early adopters and you're now feeling some of the pain from a customer service standpoint of maybe a higher maintenance patient. Can you just talk about how do we think about the strength of that pipeline from an attrition standpoint, from the type of new patients that are coming on? And also, how that could potentially affect your utilization of the product as well?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'll take that and I think you're absolutely correct, we are moving past  the early adopters are those who would wear a product and absolutely put up with anything we had to offer because it was so much better than what they've had had before. And we have to take more care to service those patients. So, I think from an attrition standpoint, I don't think we're going to lose them because all in all their experience has been remarkable. Again, I'll go back to parents. We run into parents who say, I ran into one the other day, we were just able to go out on our first date and watch our child while we were at dinner, send our kids off to college. This share feature and this connectivity is huge. The other thing has been huge in our kids population is the ability to look at this on your phone. There are many, many 11-year-olds around United States, who need to thank DexCom for getting a cell phone two years earlier than their parents were going to let them have one. Because kids are willing to look at their phone and to look at the insulin data there. So, I think the patient base there is going to be every bit as sticky as what we've had before. And the quality of the pipeline is very, very good because and as many of you have heard around the country, CGM is becoming the standard of care for type 1 diabetes. It is absolutely essential to be safe and to achieve the outcomes the patients need to achieve.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then switching over to the CMS side, I understand that, that's probably going to rest on the dosing claim. Assuming we get a positive panel and you do get approval before year-end. I'm just wondering, what are your expectations for positive coverage turning on at CMS. I mean is it a month, is it a couple of quarters afterwards, just trying to understand, could this be a first half 2017 event, is it more like a back half 2017 event and then I'll hop back in the queue. Thank you.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: So, it's somewhat to be determined. I will tell you it's a multi prong strategy in the sense that, we haven't made the decision to immediately go for a national coverage decision, the more likely event is that we will target the individual max first and try to obtain coverage on a regional basis. And that can happen much more rapidly, the national coverage decision process can take a year or more. And so, my expectation  again, these plans are not solidified at this point, but my expectation is that we would probably do this in parallel, but you'd see us going after the max first, I don't want to try to guide you on specific timing as we just don't know yet.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Francescone from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, sir.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks for taking the question. First I wanted to touch on the impact of the recall to sales momentum exiting the first quarter. I mean you talked quite a bit about the strain that managing the recall had put on your organization. We actually saw a very, very strong sales results in the first quarter. Is there any risk that disruption or distraction of the organization in the first quarter or will actually end up disrupting momentum into the second quarter or we'll see a bit of a delayed impact of the recall in maintaining that sales momentum?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have not experienced that to date, but we manage and watch it closely, that has not been our experience so far.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, understood. And second just on gross margin. Would you be able to breakout how much of the three point delta was scrap versus warranty? And as we look forward to the rest of the year today, is there anything that we know about that we should be putting in our models if it's going to be non-recurring in terms of those additional scrap or warranty expenses. Are those still unknown risk at this point?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Sure. The incremental cost we experienced this quarter was about two points due to warranty  extra warranty cost and about one margin point due to scrap that Kevin mentioned before.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: As far as anything unknown in future quarters, we don't. If we knew, we would have recruited, we don't know.
Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. We tried to outline the worse  what we believe today as the worst case scenario, this could be zero to up to  we said up to $5 million if we had to rework the entirety of our inventory.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, understood.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: And let me make through some  we haven't had any impact on the company's result of the recall. The impact we've had has been as a result of the G5 launch and that's not being ready for everything. We needed to be a little more ready and prepared from an infrastructure perspective. The recall and the patient notification did not impact our business or our sales, but it did impact our ability to serve our customers in the way we wanted to.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. I was wondering the rate of the events that you're seeing with the speakers, do you have a figure you'd like to share?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Not that we're going to disclose, no.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. I mean one of the things that was surprising when you kind of look at the  read the blogs and so forth, this is hardly mentioned. And when it is mentioned, so it'll vibrate and you just put it next to your bed, you put your  the receiver next to the bed, it will vibrate and kind of wake you up, if that's an issue, it's not  again it doesn't sound so alarming, but again, I might be wrong.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We additionally dealt with it in that manner and notified patients to retest the speaker. Obviously the FDA had a different opinion. And I think what this tells you again is how important alerts and alarms are in the system and we continue to emphasize that as we look at future product offerings and we need to make sure we meet people's alerts and alarms perspectives, I mean their expectations there. So it really relates more than anything else to the importance of the alerts and the alarms and then patients can hear them.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And in terms of impact on the sales force, does the sales force deal with this at all or are they completely separate so they can continue doing their thing?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sure they deal with it in phone calls they get from customers and dealing with it and discussing it with the physicians. They don't have to deal with the actual execution of this at all, no.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. And then just lastly, you mentioned incorporation of insulin data into the next generation sort of app that will come out. Is that in collaboration with any specific pump manufacturer or is it not necessarily pump related, it could be from an injection?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: It could be from  you're thinking about it the right way, it could be from an intelligent insulin pen that has either near-field or Bluetooth connectivity to a phone, it could come from one of the existing or potential or even future pump partners. Our belief is again, it's back to being able to aggregate the patient's data in a single place on the phone is going to be key to diabetes management going forward. And so, we're making this available to patients and really evaluating any partner who is willing to come and participate here as a meaningful partner.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great, right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you, guys. Good afternoon. Kevin, on the panel itself, July 21, it meets then. Could you paint in broad strokes for us just kind of how you think the timeline could play out from there and when we might then see the dosing claim this year?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: I really can't. I'm not going to anticipate what the panel is going to do.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): If it is a favorable decision, do you think that comes  approval and launch could come quickly, are you prepared for that or just again, anything from a high level you can provide?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Well, we certainly will have designed the app and the user guide and things of that nature. But as far as launching immediately, we're going to have to go print things and get a new app file and do a lot of stuff. It's not going to happen immediately, but we can prepare very rapidly for it after panel approval, but I can't give you a timeframe as to how quick after it's going to be (45:36).
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Look, we try and be ready for launch every time we get an approval and we try and be as ready as we possibly can, and we will behave in that manner. You saw with G5, we got approved and launched very shortly thereafter, same in Europe. Our Share receiver that we launched in 2015, we got approval on one week and were shipping it two weeks or three weeks later. That's our culture around here is to be prepared  as prepared for an approval as we possibly can. This is a little bit different kind of net, because we are going to panel and that approval maybe different than the typical approval we get from the agency. So we will prepare every bit as much as we can, but we need to make sure we do it prudently, we don't want to do things twice, we want to do it once.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Makes sense. Thank you. And then, on the DIaMonD study, when we do get that data at ADA, as I keep thinking of this study, I think it could be very helpful in the long run or even intermediate long-term, if we go into an era of bundling or something, where healthcare costs are an even greater focus and maybe it shows that CGM without pump is just as good or better than with pump. So I get that, but how would you think about kind of the near to intermediate term impact, is it just if CGM shows better A1c control and what have you, it's just better data, you can take out to the field to show patients, to show docs, things like that, is that really kind of the near intermediate benefit we could see from DIaMonD?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah, that's right and, Jeff, we mentioned we haven't seen the data yet. But yeah, this is really the  this is going to be the preliminary portion of the DIaMonD study, so don't expect anything, the full blown study results. But yeah, this is really to put to bed for once and for all that CGM versus traditional finger stick, there is no question that CGM provides bigger benefit. And we'll be able to take that message, we  one of the things we hear in the field is that there is not sufficient data to support the efficacy of CGM and this should put that to bed for physicians, for payers et cetera and then some of the other data that you're talking would come at a later date.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, this is Ryan Blicker on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. So, another strong international quarter, growing faster year-over-year than the overall company. Do you believe, this is sustainable moving throughout the rest of the year, do you think that international maybe reverts back a little bit closer to the corporate average?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: I think it depends on, really depends on reimbursement. Yeah, I mean if we get reimbursement, we mentioned that we're seeing positive signs in Germany, France and the UK if we were get all three of those even one or two of them this year that opens up a huge opportunity for patients, that we're operating today in a cash pay world. So if that happens  if two or three of them happen this year or even in the first half of next year, I believe will help continue to accelerate European growth.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the G5 transmitter, I know, in the past you've talked about capacity constraints, are you guys fully passed out at this point?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are, with the G5 transmitter, yes. But again, getting through that as Jeff talked about earlier, we had some scrap and some yield issues, as we watch that product and built it out. Yeah we are through that right now.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And lastly on Medicaid, you've talked about some impressive progress in public forums over the past several months. Can you give us an update I guess on where that stands today and how you guys think about I guess the total patient opportunity there?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President-Strategy and Corporate Development: I don't have great numbers for you on total patient opportunity, but we're pushing close to 25 states now, with Medicaid coverage. We obviously know it's without specifically quantifying it, we know that in the ObamaCare regime, the number of eligible patients for Medicaid in the various states have gone up pretty significantly. So, it is an important opportunity for us. We'll continue, we have to admit it like the private payers, have to go state-by-state to negotiate and knock-off coverage. So, we're as focused on that as we are on the private payers and on Medicare.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. It continues to be a very interesting time here at DexCom, particularly as we start to merge the world with medical devices and consumer devices, as I talked earlier about us supporting tech services phone calls related consumer products. Another thing to know with respect to our speaker is, with the receiver, a lot of these receivers are very, very old and will drop multiple times. And so, we're even dealing without a warranty product as well, but we will get through that. But our G5 launch and everything going on here, even with our mistakes, everything has been going extremely well. And as we look forward, our product pipeline offers a feature set that is very much going to delight all of our current patients for years to come, but we're not going to stop there. We've been very upfront with our discussions around future markets, such as type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes in the hospital. And as we begin to run small studies in those areas and talk with patients, the things we're hearing are remarkable. Let me give you a couple of quotes I've heard. I didn't know what diabetes really was. I had no idea how to titrate my meds, I wasn't even sure that they worked. No one has ever given me any feedback before I just stick my finger once every day and thought I was okay. Who knew? Exercise makes a really big difference. And my favorite one, do you have any idea how many patients in this hospital have diabetes? Our diabetes opportunity is enormous. The healthcare communities realizing that improved outcomes cannot be achieved without better real-time information. And our competitive environment consists of many large aggressive well-funded entities on one side and many startup technologies on the other, all focused on one thing, catching DexCom. Now, it's now the time for us to slowdown, but the time to increase our focus and execute our amazing plans. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development
Analysts: Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Bianca, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. Kevin Sayer. Sir, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much and welcome to our fourth quarter 2015 and full year 2015 earnings call. We'll start with our Safe Harbor statement from Steve Pacelli. Steve?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Before I turn the call over to Steve to review our detailed financial results, let me start off with some highlights. At the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference in January, we announced estimated Q4 and full year 2015 revenue of approximately $129 million and $400 million, respectively. We actually ended the quarter at a record $131 million and ended the year at $402 million. To put this into perspective, our 2015 revenue of $402 million is a ten-fold increase of our full year 2010 product revenue of $40 million. And what we did not disclose at JPMorgan, but I'm pleased to announce today, is that for Q4 2015, we are profitable on a GAAP basis. We also grew our global installed base to an estimated 140,000 patients to 150,000 patients, almost doubling the size of our worldwide patient base during 2015. Needless to say, we're quite pleased with our 2015 performance. More from me later. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $131 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to $84 million for the same quarter in 2014, a $47 million or 55% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q4 of 2015 increased $26 million, up 24% from the prior quarter. As we guided at JPMorgan, for fiscal 2016, we expect revenue to range from $540 million to $565 million, reflecting growth of approximately 35% to 40% versus 2015. Also, while we do not provide specific quarterly guidance, I remind investors that the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter for our business, as annual insurance deductibles reset and flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded. As we look to close out February, however, I'm pleased to report that our pipeline of new patient opportunities is larger than it has ever been. I also remind investors that in years past, including 2015, approximately 40% to 45% of our revenue was generated in the first half of the year, and 55% to 60% was generated in the second half, and we do not view 2016 any differently. Our fourth quarter gross profit totaled just over $91 million, generating a gross margin of 70%, compared to a gross profit of $59 million and a gross margin of 70% for the same quarter in the prior year. We are now at the upper end of our gross margin targets on our existing product platform. We remind investors that our gross margin on hardware could be slightly lower for a period of time due to the introduction of the G5 Mobile transmitter, which has a shorter useful life and a lower ASP, which will impact overall gross margin. We also note that we recorded a charge in Q4 relating to a potential increase in warranty expense resulting from an important customer notification we have issued related to the speaker component in our hand-held receiver. Going forward, gross margin will be impacted slightly in 2016 due to costs associated with our manufacturing capacity expansion project. But as we guided at JPMorgan, for full year 2016, we expect gross margin to range from 67% to 70% with Q1 being down, of course, sequentially on lower volumes due to the seasonality. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits. Our mix between durable and consumable products remains steady at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. Pricing has remained consistent with the ASP for sensors within a range of $70 to $75 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware approximately $800 to $850 per starter kit, with receiver ASPs at approximately $400 to $425, G4 PLATINUM transmitter ASPs approximately $400 to $425, and G5 Mobile transmitter ASP at approximately $400 to $425 for two G5 Mobile transmitters. We continue to expect quarter-to-quarter variability within these ASP ranges stemming from our ever-changing payer mix, including direct DME contracts, third-party DME contracts and pharmacy contracts. Finally, our international business continued to perform, generating $16 million in revenue during the quarter. Consistent with prior years, due to our U.S. seasonality, our international sales as a percentage of total revenues was slightly lower in Q4, but on an annualized basis, growth in our international business is keeping pace with our domestic business. Blended ASPs for OUS products are approximately 20% lower than our U.S. business, and we remind investors that sensor utilization OUS is lower, primarily due to the cash-pay nature of the business. Finally, we note that much of our European business continues to be G4 PLATINUM, as we launched G5 Mobile in only five key geographies during the fourth quarter. Research and development expense totaled $29 million for Q4 of 2015, compared to $22 million in Q4 of 2014, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related costs and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline, particularly with respect to our next generation insertion system and work on our advanced product pipeline, including expenses associated with our Google Life Sciences, now Verily, partnership. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $61 million in Q4 of 2015 compared to $36 million during the same quarter in 2014, with the increase primarily due to year-over-year increases in head count in our sales organization, including both field sales and our internal sales support staff, as well as a ramp in marketing expenses in connection with our DTC awareness campaigns, initial investment in our OUS expansion efforts, and investment in our IT infrastructure. Our net income for the fourth quarter of 2015 totaled $1.5 million, which included $27 million in non-cash expenses, centered primarily in non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Absent these non-cash charges, cash based net income was $29 million for Q4, representing 22% of revenue, a 55% increase over cash based net income in Q4 2014 of $19 million. Earnings per share for the quarter totaled $0.02. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with $115 million in cash and marketable securities. Before I turn the call over to Kevin, I would like to remind investors of the color around our OpEx spend for 2016 that we provided at JPMorgan. With our anticipated growth rates and robust near-term and long-term product pipeline, we expect a typical year-over-year increase in our normalized cash based operating expenses of approximately 20% to 25%, or approximately $50 million. In addition, we expect additional cash based expenditures of approximately $40 million in 2016 as we focus on four key incremental strategic initiatives, including our Verily partnership, expanded manufacturing capacity, international expansion, and investment in our advanced data platform. We also expect our non-cash expenses to increase, particularly our share-based compensation expense. For example, if our stock price is between $60 and $65, our estimated share-based compensation expense would be between $110 million and $115 million for 2016. Nonetheless, we expect a continued increase in cash based net income year-over-year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve. We had a very exciting 2015. We introduced the G4 PLATINUM with Share apps to enable CGM display on the Apple Watch. We entered into an extremely exciting collaboration with the Life Sciences team at Verily, and we launched out G5 Mobile CGM System, both in the U.S. and in Europe, all on top of $143 million or 55% year-over-year increase in sales and a $37 million or 103% year-over-year increase in cash based net income. I'd like to start off with a few words about our G5 commercial launch. Our G5 Mobile System is the first and only CGM system approved by the FDA for both adults and children as young as two years of age that sends glucose data directly to a smartphone, freeing users from the need to carry a separate receiver. Response in the diabetes community for mobile connectivity has been exceptional and our prospective patient pipeline is at all-time high. Because connectivity is such a major advance, we made the decision to launch this new platform on a worldwide basis unlike prior generations, which were initially launched either in the U.S. or selected European geographies. Not only did we add a record number of new patients in the fourth quarter, but we also fulfilled a significant obligation to patients entitled to a free upgrade to the G5 Mobile platform. The ramp of this launch has been much steeper than any platform change we have attempted and has really stretched our organization. While moving CGM directly to the phone has been extremely well-accepted, it has added a new level of complexity to our customer support functions. While all DexCom receivers are configured exactly the same way, all mobile phones are not. Our tech support calls have increased in volume and duration and have become much more complex. And as with any product launch, we have quickly identified some changes to enhance the G5 Mobile experience, and we are moving quickly to file and implement these enhancements. We plan to launch the Android version of the G5 Mobile later this year and note that the Android Follow application is already available. We also plan to submit and possibly launch an enhanced version of our G5 Mobile app to provide for additional features and functionality, such as insulin on board data obtained from our pump partners. Once again, iOS will be first followed by Android. Our G5 Mobile product in Europe not only introduced connectivity to this market, but the CE Mark G5 Mobile is the first ever continuous glucose monitor that does not require confirmatory finger sticks when making treatment decisions, although a minimum of two finger sticks a day remain necessary for calibration. We continue to believe that CGM will ultimately be the standard of care in diabetes management, and we see a clear path to the day when the only reason to take a finger stick will be to calibrate a sensor or for a safety check to ensure proper sensor performance. Now I'd like to say a bit about our marketing initiatives in the fourth quarter. We told the investment community during our last earnings call that we would commence our initial direct-to-consumer or DTC campaigns in connection with our G5 Mobile launch. And I'm pleased to report that these programs commenced in Q4. We delivered over 200 million targeted impressions in Q4, including diabetes print publications, digital ads on social media sites, blogger sites and endemic search sites, targeted-rich media and digital video content ads, in-office advertising to top insulin prescribing endocrinology and primary care offices, newly diagnosed patient information packets, and we participated in a very large number of diabetes events. Our digital advertising efforts drove 2.5 times the pharma industry average for click-through rates, producing over 475,000 landing page hits in Q4 and led to double the unique visits to our website in 2015 versus 2014. The campaign helped generate our highest month-to-month growth in lead generation, and it has continued into Q1 when we typically see a drop-off in lead generation at the start of the new year. Needless to say, we expect to continue this campaign into 2016. Now I'll talk a bit about reimbursement. We continue our work to simplify and expand access for our patients, and we still maintain that moving our products to the pharmacy channel is our future. We entered into several key pharmacy contracts in 2015, including United Healthcare and Anthem. In doing so, we learned that entering into a pharmacy contract is just the beginning and not without administrative pitfalls. A couple of examples include inconsistent application of preauthorization policies and failure of specific plans to move reimbursement from DME to pharmacy in a timely manner. As we look at 2016, we expect to increase our efforts to secure additional regional and national payer contracts and move a much more significant piece of our business to the pharmacy. There has been some noise in the investment community regarding our Medicare plans. I would like to take this opportunity to clarify. We are approaching Medicare from three separate paths: judicial, administrative, and legislative. We have very little control over the judicial path, but more and more patient activists are jumping on the bandwagon, and we understand that they are independently pursuing appeals with many of the administrative law judges declaring the beneficiary should be covered for CGM. Two bills remain in the legislature and may get approved. There are 219 bipartisan cosponsors in the House and Senate. And while moving legislation is not easy, the amount of support and advocacy shown for these bills demonstrates a national desire and helps serve as a catalyst for action. Finally, the first hurdle on the administrative path is the non-injunctive or dosing claim, which I will discuss momentarily. Discussion with CMS on this front remains active, and we have by no means abandoned the administrative path. I'm also pleased to report at the recent AACE Consensus Conference on CGM this past weekend  that's the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists  a diverse cross-section of diabetes care thought leaders, including scientific and medical societies, patient advocacy groups, government, insurance and pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers came together to advocate for expanded use of continuous glucose monitoring in the management of diabetes. The key conclusions concerning CGM use in diabetes include the following: robust data support for the benefits of CGM in many people with diabetes, particularly those with Type 1 diabetes. Technological advances have improved reliability and accuracy of CGM, as is very evident with our systems. Use of CGM has reduced hypoglycemia while improving control of blood glucose, ensuring patients' safety. Data also suggests that CGM provides benefit in patients with Type 2 diabetes on intensive insulin therapy. Studies are needed to demonstrate the value of CGM technology in other patient populations. And finally, access should be expanded to all patient populations with proven benefits. What a great outcome for the diabetes community. Turning to our product pipeline, we continue to make progress on our advanced sensor technologies. We plan to launch both a new receiver and a new insertion system for G5 Mobile in the U.S. before year-end. Clinical trials for the new insertion system are underway and are more rigorous than we had originally anticipated. With respect to Gen 6, after a series of pre-submission meetings with the FDA, we will submit our IDE the next two weeks, and plan to commence a pivotal study in the second quarter. We will provide you with a more detailed timeline in our next call after the IDE is approved. We're also working closely with our artificial pancreas partners to incorporate Gen 6 into their research and clinical studies as soon as possible, providing us with a very robust data set on the performance of this product. Once again, for those of you not familiar with this technology, the G6 sensor will have a reduced calibration scheme, one per day after startup, driven with a completely new advanced algorithm platform, and a labeled indication of up to 10 days of sensor life. Overall performance should be better than G5 Mobile, even with a reduced calibration scheme and an extended wear. The Gen 6 product will also leverage the new applicator and receiver technologies that we expect to complete this year. Activities related to an FDA-approved insulin dosing claim continue, and we remain confident that we can obtain a dosing claim during the second half of this year. In fact, much activity is expected during the next several weeks, and we will provide you with much more clarity on our next earnings call. We continue to study sensors with no calibration requirements. The G6 platform, with its new sensor chemistry and new algorithm, is our first step in this area. The innovation we have seen with our advanced sensor technologies give us tremendous confidence that calibrations can be completely eliminated in the future, certainly for those patients not practicing intensive insulin therapy. Much of the uncertainty here relates to the regulatory pathway and labeling for these products that have no calibrations. With respect to our pump partners, J&J and Tandem continue to report positive results from their integrated pump offerings with G4 PLATINUM, and we believe all of our pump partners are making excellent progress on the development of more advanced integrated systems. Finally, on the product pipeline front, our partnership with Verily is going extremely well. Verily has completed the first generation transmitter and is beginning to test its performance with both G5 and G6 sensors. Initial results have been very promising. And launch of our first combined product appears very, very much on schedule. On the international front, as Steve stated earlier, we are accelerating our investment in the international markets this year. Subject to negotiation and some final details, we will establish a European headquarters in Scotland, and we'll begin to expand the European team on all fronts. We believe that reimbursement could come in some of the larger countries in Europe this year, and we need to be ready to capitalize on this opportunity. We've also added a very senior executive to focus on international expansion in Canada, Central and South America and Asia. We will begin to build this team up as well. Before I open the call up to questions, I'd like to spend a few minutes on competition. Let's start with Abbott and the Libre. First, the Libre is not a CGM. We have long said that one of the key benefits we provide to our patients is best-in-class accuracy combined with proactive alerts and alarms, particularly at night. We also now provide the ability to share data with caregivers to add an extra layer of patient safety. Some would have you believe that patients suffer from alarm fatigue and would prefer to go without alarms. That is certainly not the case with our system, but might be the case with other less accurate sensor systems where false alerts can occur up to 50% of the time. Regardless, our system is customizable. Patients can choose to silence their high and low alarms to their liking, except for the critical fix low glucose alarm our system provides when the patient crosses a dangerously low threshold of 55 milligrams per deciliter. And with respect to alerts, alarms in the future, we intend to provide patients with even greater flexibility and better performance to get more out of their CGM systems. The Libre simply can't compete when it comes to system performance, especially as it relates to hypoglycemia detection. At the ATD conference a few weeks back, a clinician summed up the value of Libre. He said, "Libre provides patients with a nice path to the product they really need, CGM." Shifting to Medtronic. Medtronic recently announced they would forego the launch of the 640G in the U.S. in favor of the 670G with a new sensor. Since we haven't seen any meaningful performance data on the 670G and their new sensor, I reserve comment on this future system. I will only remind investors that when Medtronic launched the 530G back in the fall of 2013, its published accuracy data was similar to that of our G4 PLATINUM system. The actual field performance has not been close to that of G4 PLATINUM, even before our Software 505 algorithm update. Since the launch of 530G, according to dQ&A, an independent source, our CGM market share has gone from the mid to upper 60% range to approximately 76% at the end of 2015. The patient community has spoken: accurate, reliable, connected CGM is the most important product offering in diabetes treatment today. I'll now open the call up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And from William Blair, we have Ben Andrew. Please go ahead, sir.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, Kevin. Thanks for taking the questions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. The first question for me is, talk about what all you can do with G5 Mobile, the application. You talked about adding insulin on board as a feature, but can you add algorithms and start to do some predictive things with this version? Are we looking further out before you start to incorporate more sophisticated things between simple kind of data presentation?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We can do a lot of those things, Ben. The question is, what do we do timing-wise versus the G6, which we are going to, as I said earlier, submit the IDE on. We can move technologies into that or put them in the other product, and we evaluate that as we go. So for today we're planning on keeping the G5 Mobile app similar to what it is and adding a few features to enhance it without adding a bunch of advanced algorithm and prediction. Most of that is scheduled for G6 at this point in time.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: And those would be PMA supplements, is that right?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: It will all be included in the original G6 filing. The G6 is a full PMA because it's a new sensor.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. I would just add, some of that algorithm development is not exactly linked to a sensor. We've talked in the past about not tying ourselves down to G5, G6, G7 iteration; some of the algorithm work that's going on is kind of independent of the specific sensor platform, so.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, Kevin, you alluded to the fact there's a lot going to happen in the next few weeks. Is that conducting clinical trials, kind of moving things forward in terms of having gotten some clarity on the dosing claim requirements with the agency? And then a related question; is there some fundamental reason that the FDA wouldn't approve kind of a near-term product or anybody's product without a calibration stick? I mean, how high is that kind of hurdle for them?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have an answer to that last question, Ben. We're studying that rigorously as we prepare our future product offerings, particularly our Google product offerings we tend to launch here at a couple of years. With respect to the dosing claim, we've had activity going on for a long time and that activity is heating up, and we are going to get some clarity on things over the next few weeks. I'm not going to go into the detail as what those are, but by the time we get to the next call, we should have a very clear path on the non-injunctive claim to present to you guys.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then last question for me: do you expect  and one of the features on G6 is the 10-day timeframe. Would that have a shut-off feature at this point? Is that kind of the thresholds, Kevin? Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know what, I'm not going to answer that. We've considered shut-off features all the way back to SEVEN PLUS, so we'll take that into consideration and give more color on Gen 6 as it gets closer to market.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Mike Weinstein. Please go ahead, sir. Mike, your phone might be muted.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We can now.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon. So let me follow up the commentary you made about the first quarter, seeing less seasonality potentially this quarter than you have in prior years. Can you give us a little bit more than that?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think what Steve said is our new patient pipeline is more robust than it's ever been. With respect to seasonality and patient reorders, Mike, it's very much the same as it's always been and will be sequentially down, as we said at the conference in early January. I believe we used the number 15%. It's approximately down about 15% from what it's been and that's very consistent with what it's been in other years. So while we have more patients in the pipeline, that growth is necessary to have the quarter that we expect to have.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And the part that feels like it's a bit different is the new patient flow? Is that what you're saying?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're saying that that's where our big increase is coming in the first quarter, up to this point in time, yeah.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And in a...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: And remember, 70% of our business is consumables, and those were largely reorder patients, so those patients who stocked up in Q4 typically aren't reordering yet.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Exactly. Right. So I know there's a timing to when they reload if you put it (28:12) on their CGMs.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Exactly.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then G6, the IDE study, obviously, you have to have some more conversations there with the FDA, but typically, what does  historically, what do those look like? And what's the follow-up period on them?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our IDE submissions typically get approved very quickly, Mike, because we've had a number of discussions with the agency before we submit them. So they're seeing something that they're expecting. I can tell you, as the IDE stands now and that we'll give more explicit detail on the next call, this will be the most rigorous study we've ever attempted by a long ways. And so while the FDA is very cooperative as far as getting things through and helping us, they're not making it easier to get CGMs approved. So this will be a very rigorous study once we get it out there and get going. But it'll be filed very soon and we hope to start in the second quarter.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then there was, obviously, some discussion this quarter about the pathway to CMS reimbursement. Do you just want to comment on that, Kevin, while you have you?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we've said all we've got. We need this non-injunctive claim to get to CMS. That's really our first step on the administrative side. And the FDA's been very helpful. It's been a very interactive discussion. And as I said on Ben's question as well, we'll have a lot of color on that next quarter because a lot of things are coming to ahead of the year for our agency discussions.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Okay. I'll let some others jump in. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Piper Jaffray, we have Brooks West. Please go ahead.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Kevin or Steve, I wanted to follow up on your competitive comments and explore a little bit on where your new patients are coming from, and a couple of questions, I guess. What is the mix you're seeing from existing or people who have some familiarity with managing their diabetes? And I'm curious, a mix between pumpers and manual dose patients, what's your new patient mix? And then I think there's a perception out there that you've been stealing patients from Medtronic for some time and maybe they're able to get a better product out, that might slow you down. I wonder if you would comment on that dynamic as well?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Sure. Let's talk about the mix first, and then I'll comment on the Medtronic comment. So our mix has historically run somewhere in the neighborhood of 60% to 65% pumpers, and the balance, MDI patients. I would say we've started to see a slight shift in favor of MDI patients. And I would also tell you that if you asked the same question in a couple years from now, the hope and the plan is that that balance would shift, that you'd probably see something more like 60% MDI patients and 40% pumpers, frankly, more reflective of what the  this is in the U.S. in particular  more reflective of what the U.S. base would look like. As for stealing Medtronic patients, I'd say the  couldn't be further from the truth. Our patients are generally  the vast majority are new to CGM therapy. We do have some handful of patients who choose to wear a Medtronic pump, but who also wear a DexCom sensor. But I would say, in our portion  that 60% to 65% of our base who are also insulin pumpers, the vast majority of those are wearing an Animas, an Insulet, or a Tandem pump, not a Medtronic pump. And the short answer is no. We're not in any way stealing patients from Medtronic as a big growth driver for the company.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We get a few.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. And then, I wonder  as you guys have spent more time with the Google team, or the Verily team, if you could share, not so much product details, but learnings on the type of device that might be appropriate for the Type 2 or broader market? And I wonder if your perception of that market opportunity has evolved since you started that collaboration? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Brooks, our perception continues to evolve, and we're doing a lot of market research. The one thing that we've learned about this market is it's not going to do us any good just to display a number and say, here you go; that we're going to have to really give patients the ability to learn from the system that we provide and provide interactive suggestions like, okay, you exercised today. Look, how much better you did. And that's the type of system interface that we're going to develop to address that market, again, which is different than what we have now. Just flashing a number on a screen isn't going to be enough, particularly for those that aren't using insulin. I would maintain that intensive insulin-using Type 2 patients can have the exact same experience as our Type 1 patients have today. So it's been a very interactive process. I would tell you, with the Google guys, in particular, or Verily, as they're called now, their fresh approach to things, coming from a non-medical device industry, has been refreshing for us and caused us to think very differently. Conversely, there's some things about medical devices that we've taught them, particularly with respect to PMA filings, that they weren't aware of either. It's really been a wonderful partnership, and we think it's going to produce amazing results over time.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Canaccord, we have Kyle Rose. Please go ahead.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much, and congrats on a great quarter. Just wanted to see  it sounds like the early stages of the Google Verily partnership are going well. Want to see if you could just remind us what specific milestones are expected there. I think two years to three years for the first product. And then also, is it still fair to expect that we won't see any impact or any contributions from that partnership on the current pipeline, the G6 or the receiver?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Kevin. I think the first pass product won't really affect the G6 sensor because it's going to start the trials, like I said, in the second quarter. Over time, Google electronics could very much be incorporated into a future transmitter offering if that improves technological performance and reduces costs, so we could conceivably use their electronics in some future configuration of G6 in addition to these specific Google products. As far as contributing to our earnings or our sales, certainly nothing in 2016, and more than likely nothing in 2017. I think that really starts off in 2018 when we launch our first product. And the milestones are really two big ones. There's our first generation product, which we're working on, but our second generation product  which we're also working on with Verily, and the second generation product we've shown pictures of; that's turning the CGM transmitter literally into a Band-Aid-sized electronics configuration that a patient can peel off and throw away, that'd be very cost effective and that's the end game here. That's what we're shooting for every day because we know that's what patients want.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And then can you just remind us on what the  the launch of a new receiver this year, can you just remind on what the changes are with the new generation? And then it also sounds like the timeline for the insertion product may be a little later than expected. Is that fair to think of as a back half of the year event there, or just how that impacts anything? And then that's it. Thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: The insertion system will definitely be a back of the year event, and it's important that we explain a little bit. When we switch to the new insertion system, we're changing everything we do. We've used the current insertion system since we started way back when. That's been our insertion system since our first product was launched. So when we changed to the new insertion system, we don't take this lightly. We're going to swap out every mold. We're going to have to change our manufacturing assembly processes and everything. This is the biggest change operation we've ever undertaken. So it will be a back half of the year event, the insertion system, and more than likely it will be a phased launch as we do that. But our feedback has been remarkable on the system because it's basically peel the tape, put it on your skin, push a button, and you're done. Patients really, really love that. With respect to the new receiver, it will be a touchscreen device that is still a DexCom configured receiver, and it will have a patient interface much more similar to the G5 Mobile app. And so it's designed to have a better patient experience and interface. It's also designed to be more durable, and to be very durable with respect to patient wear and dropping receivers and stuff like that. So we're looking forward to getting that product out there. Patients will very much like it.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Raymond James, we have Jayson Bedford. Please go ahead.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. So, wondering if you could talk a bit more about what you're seeing in terms of the G5 launch? We're four months to five months into it here. I'm curious if you're seeing more interest from Type 2s, are you seeing more compliant utilization, seeing a lower attrition rate? Just anything would be helpful.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Steve, do you want to take a crack, and then I...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, I mean, I would tell you that obviously the biggest benefit is certainly connectivity directly to a phone. The patients love not having to carry a separate receiver and have the convenience of having it on their phone. That together with the Share platform, which, as you know, we launched with the G4 PLATINUM System by continuing to have that ability to share data with caregivers. I would say, we continue to see and just looking at some of the initial data on our direct-to-consumer campaigns, we're certainly seeing success in driving awareness at the patient level, more so than at the clinician level. So we're really  we're continuing to see  we've said in prior quarters that the biggest driver for our growth has been patients referring to other patients, patients  parents of patients and caregiver or loved ones. We're continuing to see that, and I think our DTC campaigns are really adding to that push. But I think the launch has gone great. As Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've learned a lot about going directly to a consumer device like a mobile phone. And there are some challenges there, and we've got some things that we're going to work on over the next several quarters, but by and large, the reception has been remarkable.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'd just add, Jayson, with respect to Type 2 patients that's as much a function of reimbursement coming in as it is going to the phone. But as far as appealing to patients, I would tell you we are appealing to a broader base of patients by going to a phone. Not just those necessarily, as Steve said, that physicians would recommend and push them there, but it would also appeal to those when they hear about it and see things in our DTC campaigns going, hey, if this goes to my phone, I might be interested in this. So I think we're appealing to a broader base of patients.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. I realize you're not going to quantify it, but are you seeing a lower attrition rate with this device?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's too early. It's absolutely too early. And we do have our jet zooming over us as it does in every earnings call, so I'll let the jet go by. It's too early to tell. The product hasn't been out that long, and as we do in every fourth quarter, shift so much the last month of that quarter. We'll certainly have the tools to give a better indication of utilization and patient retention as all this data is coming to our servers. And we are starting to build the analytics platforms to really go after and analyze this and the build the business cases to understand our business much, much better with all the data coming to the servers. I think we'll provide more clarity in the future. Don't have a lot yet.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just maybe to follow up on the pharmacy, do you think this avenue has stimulated more demand for the device, or is the real benefit still largely a convenience factor for those existing users?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we have broad enough coverage to stimulate a bunch of benefit in a pharmacy channel. And I think in most cases what happens is we'll approach healthcare professionals and say, we have great coverage under these plans or there's pharmacy benefit. Do you have a lot of patients who have pharmacy benefit who could use this? And we'll get few patients who do it. But by and large, again, a lot of our demand is coming directly from patients. They see an ad, they're not saying you can get it at your pharmacy; they're seeing what this system does for you and your life, and how it enables you to better manage your diabetes.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thanks. I'll jump back in queue.
Operator: From Leerink Partners, we have Danielle Antalffy. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, and congrats again on an awesome year. I was wondering, I wanted to ask you guys about CMS and how to think about the size of that patient population that could open up if you do get coverage there.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. So we don't have great data, but the estimates that we've seen range from, kind of on the low end, like 15% of the Type 1s in the U.S., and I've seen as high as 25%. So there's certainly  no matter how you slice it, if you think there's 1.3 million to 1.5 million Type 1s, you're looking at hundreds of thousands of Type 1 patients who are in the Medicare-age population. And then the other  we have, I think, the other big opportunity with Medicare over time is the intensively managed Type 2s, because as Type 2s progress in their disease state, they move from starting out trying to manage with diet and exercise may be at a younger age, but by the time they reach the Medicare age population, many of them have progressed to the point where they're taking not only a long-acting insulin, but they are taking mealtime insulin injections as well. At that point in time, they become perfect candidates for CGM. The other fact that we know that over time people who have had Type 1 diabetes for a long number of years develop a condition called hypoglycemia unawareness. They actually lose the ability to detect an oncoming hypoglycemic episode. So again, this happens in folks over a long period of time, and so you start to think about people who have lived with Type 1 and are now entering the Medicare age, these are the same folks that may be having that issue with hypoglycemia unawareness. We think there's a great opportunity for those patients as well. So it is an exciting potential catalyst for us.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Absolutely. That's great. Thanks for the color. And I was wondering if you guys could give any color how to think about the cadence of potential products coming out of the Verily collaboration with Google? And sort of what...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. So...
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: ...first go at a product might look like? And what you ultimately hope to get to?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. So we've always said that we've agreed to do a minimum of two products with Google. We've always said that the first product is really a  it's going to leverage, frankly, much of the technology that we already have today, some of the Gen 6 sensor technology, some of the more advanced algorithms that we have, some of the initial prototype miniaturized electronics and batteries and things that Google kind of brought to the table when we first started talking about working together. It's really that second generation product that we've shown in some of the slide presentations that begin to look more like a tiny bandage on the skin. Certainly, we'll continue to pierce the skin, but looking at really taking costs out of the system, making it truly minimally  so minimally invasive for patients that there be, really, we've eliminated all the objections to wearing it. That doesn't come until the second product, which is probably four years or five years away.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: From Cowen & Company, we have Doug Schenkel. Please go ahead.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Ryan Blicker on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to follow up on the awareness point you guys talked about earlier. Historically, you've cited patient and provider awareness of CGM as one of the biggest hurdles to broader adoption. Can you give us an update on where that stands today relative to maybe 12 months ago? And how should we think about the recent AACE guidelines, you mentioned your DTC campaigns and other initiatives, how will that impact 2016?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Kevin. Obviously, we'll certainly use the recent AACE guidelines in our campaigns. Nothing could be more compelling than saying the physician group who takes care of you recommends that most of you should use CGM. So we will absolutely use them, and we're thrilled with those guidelines. With respect to patient awareness, I think it's increased dramatically. Just look at the new patient ads we had this year. As we said in our prepared remarks, we pretty much doubled the side of our patient base in 2015. It took us from 2005 to 2014 to get to one point, and we doubled them in a year, or at least came pretty close to doubling it in 12 months. So obviously, awareness is rising rapidly in the patient community and the physician community, because you can't bring the patients in without healthcare provider support. So I think our efforts to increase awareness have worked very well across the board and the reason those increasing  that increasing awareness has worked is because the product does. It really delivers what we promised with respect to accuracy and performance, and it changes and saves lives. So you have a case where a product has met expectations and people are willing to sign up for another experience.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And you talked the reimbursement landscape for intensively managed Type 2s in the U.S., can you give us any update or color on what progress has been made there over the past year, acknowledging it still does remain pretty limited. Any color would be helpful.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's still pretty limited. We have some plans who have agreed to cover the Type 2 intensively managed patients. We need more data.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. I think that would...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: When all is said and done, we need data.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: That is what came out of the AACE Consensus that we definitely see benefit there, but we need more data.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We've got to have more data. So we'll plan some studies in that population.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have James Francescone. Please go ahead.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on Europe and the reimbursement, development of reimbursement there. In particular, are there two or three countries that you'd highlight that are closest to gaining reimbursement? And in those countries, what's the process or timing for getting reimbursement or what are the milestones that we should be looking for?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, that's a great question. So, I'll tell you. We have reimbursement today in Sweden. We have Switzerland and the Netherlands. And honestly, Sweden is one of our largest countries which is probably shouldn't be considering the number of people. There's only 6 million or 8 million people in the country. What we're seeing evolve is we're seeing some positive signs in Germany. So we're hoping that the three key ones for this year to look for would be Germany, the UK, and France. Whether we get all three is still an unknown, but I would expect to see at least one, if not potentially a couple of them. And so those are pretty sizeable markets. And then Germany and the UK, in particular, are the largest markets for  would be the largest markets for us in Europe. So that's what's driving this need to make some addition investment. Really, we've said it before, we feel pretty stupid if we got reimbursement in Germany, France and the UK and didn't have the resources to be able to support new patient additions over there, so, we're taking a look at beefing up some  opening the headquarters, as Kevin mentioned and then beefing up some additional DexCom resources in Europe.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So, so you'd be disappointed then if in at least one of those three countries CGM was not paid for by the end of the year?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. That's fair.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's fair. That's fair.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: I'd think we'd like to see at least one of the three. Yeah.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, okay. And then we've talked a little bit on the call today about insulin-dependent Type 2s. Is there anything that you're doing today from a clinical trial perspective or technology perspective to develop the data to support use in that population?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Kevin. It's going to take a clinical study, and a large clinical study more than anything else. We have some studies that are being run where there are some Type 2 patients, parental and dependent. And there are subsets of populations in many of our studies. We're going to have run some bigger ones to develop a better data set, and show the payers. Another thing that we've proposed and we'll pursue with our reimbursement team, we'll go to payers directly and maybe offer to do some things in their population, to show the cost effectiveness in this. But those programs really haven't been developed. A lot of them are in the idea stage, and we'll crystallize those. We'd be a little more aggressive throughout the year.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one more, on DTC, and then I'll get back in queue. Is there some way to think about how much you've invested in DTC to date, and how you view the returns on that investment, and whether you're going to be kind of scaling it up, or waiting and seeing?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're certainly going to run it through the first two quarters of this year. And then we will go back and analyze the returns on that. We obviously know how much we've spent. We also know how much we've increased the leads that we've generated through our digital media, and the increase has been absolutely wonderful. We're very pleased with that. So at the end of probably about a nine-month period, we'll step back and analyze and decide where we go from here. But so far, the results have been great.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: From Jefferies, we have Anthony Petrone. Please go ahead.
Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Maybe just a quick follow-up on the OUS reimbursement; would you expect stocking orders ahead in anticipation, say, of reimbursement approval in Germany, UK, France? And then a couple of follow-ups.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: No. We don't intend to do that.
Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Great. And then, just looking ahead to Android, maybe walk us through sort of timing on that. I think it's a 2016 event, and considering that there are multiple Android manufacturers, I mean, how significant is a G5 Android launch, when you consider that it opens additional channels, and iPhone?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, I mean, Android is certainly an important  I mean, I'm an Android user myself. Android is certainly important to us. The question is really one of, once we file, how long does the FDA take to review it? We think even with our anticipated filing timeline, that it's certainly plausible that it will be a 2016 launch. In terms of numbers of patients, it's actually interesting. We know today  frankly, we've talked long and hard about the price of CGM and where we think pricing needs to go over the long haul. We find that the vast majority of our users today and the vast majority of hits we get on our website and otherwise, are from iOS users. So while we know Android is important, we know that iOS is and will remain to be much more important in terms of a platform. It's also a much more stable platform. It's a much more locked-down platform. So it's certainly easier for us to deal with that platform out of the gate before we go to Android.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. All that being said, we will have to pick some phones to talk to. We cannot possibly talk to all of them. And I think when we offer the Android platform, I think it will be a tremendous benefit to our patients, because I have gotten a few not so happy letters from patients saying, I would love to use your system, but I'm not ever going to do it until you get me an Android phone. So I think it will be a great benefit and another  when you grow at the rates we grow at, every positive event is just a catalyst that helps you to continue to perform, and I think this will fall right into that bucket.
Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Maybe just a quick one there would be, I mean, I would assume maybe Samsung would be the direction, and are you sort of working with manufacturers at this point? Or is that just something that you will decide later on down the road?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We've certainly worked and talked with several Android manufacturers to learn the intricate parts of those phones. I can tell you they're all not the same, even though they all run the Android operating system. We've learned that their interaction with the Bluetooth LE (53:45) interface may differ a bit from phone to phone. And that's one of the reasons we've taken so long to get this app filed. We want to make sure it works consistently across the board over those platforms which we choose to support.
Anthony Charles Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Shoger from Northcoast Research.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hi, guys. I just wanted to ask a question about the  piggyback on some of the OUS questions. I guess, you said there won't be any real stocking orders that you'll see. But what sort of ramp would you expect once you do get approval in a country like Germany or France or the UK? I mean, seemingly there's a lot of pent-up demand there, how would you expect that to progress?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. We're not going to speculate on that at this time. It still remains to be seen, how broad is the reimbursement, when we get the language, what's the pricing look like? There's a whole bunch of factors that we're still not fully aware of. So we're not going to speculate at this point.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, Erik, and I'll go back to what we said back in the Pediatric days. Everybody said, what kind of boost are we going to see from Pediatrics? So, obviously, we've gotten a boost because we've been growing above our projected rates of 35% to 40%. But in all reality, you've got to get things like this to continue to grow a business the way that we are. So it just kind of falls into line, and we expect it, we plan for it, and we'll deal with it.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. I guess, kind of linked to my other question is, as it relates to the guidance, I mean, obviously, like you've said, you need things like this to continue to grow at the rate you have. Does your current guidance as it stands now  must not assume much changes internationally...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're not going to comment on our guidance. Our guidance is $540 million to $565 million.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we'll stick with that.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Maybe one last one, as it relates to the AACE Consensus statements, I think a big part of their requests from the industry was better data on economic benefits of CGM. And I think  correct me if I'm wrong  the DIaMonD study that you're working on will have  provide some nice data there. Is there anything else that you're working on that might address those data requests?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: The DIaMonD study is our biggest data request that we have coming up. We should have data from that study available in the second half of 2016 to help drive this message. And that'll be good for us. There's also a very large study in Sweden going on using CGM, and we should have very good data on those patients as well. So we'll have some CGM cost data out with those two studies. I think all medical devices are going to have to fall into this category more than we have in the past to justify our existence. And the beauty of ours is we know that we win. We absolutely know that you're going to save money if you use CGM. Just avoiding one hypoglycemic event where you're hospitalized saved the system $15,000 to $20,000, and for a number of our patients those events happen frequently. And then obviously, the A1C reduction and reduction of complications, which is tougher to measure, because it takes a longer period of time. But all those things happen. So we're very confident we can build a very good cost-effective case with CGM.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. I'll agree with you there. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Robert W. Baird, we have Jeff Johnson. Please go ahead.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. So, Kevin, maybe I could follow up on that DIaMonD comment you just made there. Any evolution in the way you're thinking about kind of CGM first? It seems like some of that cost data is even suggesting CGM cost savings bigger, even when it's paired with just MDI over pumping. So just any updated thoughts there?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, both CGM and insulin pumps add cost to the system. Anything you add for treatment adds costs. What we believe we can show, in the DIaMonD study, is those patients who have multiple daily injections can achieve very good results with their multiple daily injections and using the CGM. Then we go to the additional benefit and the additional cost savings if we add new insulin-delivering methodology to the system. And, look, we're all going to be fighting for dollars over time in reimbursement. We want to be the first choice. We want to position CGM to be the first thing the physicians pick and the payers pick to intensively manage people who are using intensive insulin therapy. Because we believe it's the most important that they know their glucose values. And then whatever they choose to do after that certainly will be a function of payers, clinicians and everybody else. But it's our job to position CGM first, and we believe it is the most important tool.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, understood. That's helpful. And then, Steve, maybe a question for you or for Jeff just on the gross margin guidance for 2016, any kind of gating comments you can make? I know, obviously, the revenue lower in the first half versus the second half will influence that a little bit. You're talking about some higher tech support and that. Should we think about gross margins ramping throughout the year? Is that the best way to set up our models here as we go forward?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, that's fair. I mean Q1 is just going to be sequentially down because of lower revenues, right, that's the biggest gating factor in Q1. And then, again, as we ramp Gen 5 over the year, you're going to see a little bit of pressure on the overall gross margin because the gross margin on the G5, we're shipping two transmitters, but effectively for the price of one versus G4. So you'll see a little pressure there. And then there'll be some costs that roll into COGS with respect to the new expanded manufacturing facility that could have a little bit of an impact. But by and large, we're not talking, I mean, we've guided 67% to 70%, we're not going to see  there's not a meaningful impact.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Not meaningful variation throughout the year, you think quarter-by-quarter we should be kind of plus or minus?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. With the caveat that Q1 will be a little down.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah, exactly. All right, thanks, guys.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Sure.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call over back to Mr. Kevin Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much and we appreciate everybody's participation today. Reflecting back, 2015 was really an amazing year for this company. The things that we've done, the advances we've made in technology, in connectivity, in reimbursement in moving to the pharmacy and our partnership with Verily are going to shape the future of the diabetes industry for a very, very long time, and our future could not be brighter. I got a recent note from a patient and he wrote and he said that, first of all, he said I can't imagine as a parent how any child could be managed without this system. And he said you have turned the treatment of my son's diabetes from my worst nightmare to simply an annoying headache. Now, while we're happy that we could move him out of the nightmare category, annoying headache just isn't good enough. We're going to get rid of the headache, too, and we're going to make people's lives better and continue to grow the business. Thanks, everybody, and have a great week.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development
Analysts: Benjamin C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom third quarter 2015 earnings release conference call. My name is Anna, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. Kevin, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you very much and welcome, everybody, to the third quarter 2015 DexCom earnings call. We'll start off by turning the time over to Steve Pacelli with our Safe Harbor statement.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance, and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash-based operating results. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Before I turn the call over to Steve to review our financial results, I would like to provide you with some additional color regarding our pre-release a few weeks ago, as I'm confident that many of you were taken a bit by surprise when we announced our Q3 sales numbers and provided some commentary on our payer relationships. On the morning of October 14, a report was issued indicating that we were having trouble processing UnitedHealthcare and Anthem patients under the provisions of our new pharmacy contracts. The investment community reacted to this immediately and we were flooded with calls. As we have said on numerous occasions, payer relationships are challenging. Our efforts to streamline payer operations are never-ending, and we remain fully committed to moving our business primarily to the pharmacy channel over the next few years to increase access to CGM and develop more scalable business processes for the long term. In this instance, because of the confusion created by this report, we felt it was appropriate to alleviate market concerns, pre-release of our Q3 revenues, and provide some additional color regarding our payer relationships. Rest assured, we will not make this a regular policy, more from me later. I'll turn the call back over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $105 million for the third quarter of 2015 compared to $69 million for the same quarter in 2014, a $36 million or 52% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q3 of 2015 increased $12 million, up 13% from the prior quarter. Our gross profit totaled $75 million, generating a gross margin of 71% for the third quarter of 2015 compared to a gross profit of $47 million and a gross margin of 68% for the same quarter in the prior year. I'd like to take this opportunity to give clarity on the Q3 financial impact of our sooner than expected FDA approval of G5 Mobile. Under the terms of the upgrade program we've previously announced, all U.S. patients who purchased a G4 Platinum with Share system in the 30 days prior to our public announcement of the approval of G5 Mobile until our commercial launch have the right to receive a free upgrade to the G5 Mobile. This upgrade program required us to defer $800,000 of revenue in Q3, related primarily to upgrade transmitters which were not shipped prior to quarter's end. However, we expect to recognize this revenue in Q4 as we ship the balance of G5 Mobile upgrades. We are now at the upper end of our gross margin targets on our sensor disposables and on our hardware, but we remind investors that our gross margin on hardware should be slightly lower for a period of time due to the introduction of the G5 Mobile transmitter, which has a shorter useful life and a lower ASP. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits, our mix between durable and consumable products remained steady at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. ASP for sensors fell within a range of $70 to $75 per sensor, and the ASP for our hardware was approximately $800 to $850 per starter kit. We do note that quarter-to-quarter variability within these ASP ranges stems from our ever-changing payer mix, including direct DME contracts, third-party DME contracts, and pharmacy contracts. Finally, our international business continued to perform, representing $14 million or 13% of our revenues in the quarter. We also note that our split between hardware and sensors OUS is similar to our split in the U.S. Research and development expense totaled $65 million for Q3 of 2015, which included a non-cash charge of $36.5 million related to our license of certain technology from Google Life Sciences, pursuant to which we issued 404,591 shares of common stock. Excluding this one-time upfront payment to Google, R&D expense totaled $28 million for Q3 compared to approximately $19 million in Q3 of 2014, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll-related costs and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline and work on our advanced product pipeline. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $52 million in Q3 of 2015 compared to $34 million during the same quarter in 2014, with the increase due primarily to year-over-year increases in head count in our sales organization, including both field sales and internal sales support staff, as well as additional marketing expenses in connection with our awareness campaign and some investments in our IT infrastructure. Our net loss for the third quarter of 2015 totaled $42.5 million, which included $62 million in non-cash expenses, centered primarily again in one-time $36.5 million charge related to the Google transaction, as well as $22.6 million in non-cash share-based compensation expense across all functional areas of our business. Absent these non-cash charges, cash-based net income was $20 million for Q3, representing 19% of revenue, or put another way, 100% increase over cash-based net income in Q3 2014 of $10 million. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.53. Again, absent the non-cash charge related to our Google transaction, our loss per share for the quarter was $0.07. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $113 million in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $16 million from Q2 of this year. And consistent with past practices, we take this opportunity to update our full-year revenue guidance. We are now comfortable that our revenue for the full year will exceed the top end of our range of $375 million. Before I turn the call over to Kevin, I would like to add some additional color around our OpEx spend for the balance of this year and into 2016. Yes, we are continuing to make a significant investment in our future. We have seen exceptional growth since the launch of G4 Platinum in 2012, and we have clearly demonstrated that technology innovation is key to driving this growth. We will continue to take advantage of near-term opportunities to invest in our core business through system performance improvement, such as improved accuracy, extended duration, and reduced calibration; work on our advanced integrated insulin delivery systems; and simplification of our sensor deployment through a new applicator. And we are engaged in numerous clinical trials necessary to demonstrate improved outcomes and lower costs to drive favorable payer policies. But beyond our core business, we have several key initiatives that will require additional investment through the balance of this year and into next. We will look to expand our manufacturing capacity and continue to automate our manufacturing operations to meet ever-increasing demand. We need to invest in our advanced technology development efforts with Google. We anticipate growing our foreign operations, particularly as we see reimbursement evolving outside the U.S. And we need to invest in our data and analytics platforms as we see this as a key differentiator for DexCom going forward. And of course, we can never forget that our obligations to patients come first, and we will make sure that we invest in resources to bring our technology to as many new patients as possible and serve our existing patients appropriately. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you, Steve. We've had a very exciting first three quarters of 2015. Since January, we've introduced the G4 Platinum with Share, apps to enable CGM display on the Apple Watch. We entered into an extremely exciting collaboration with the Life Sciences team at Google, and we launched our G5 Mobile CGM system both in U.S. and in Europe. On top of all that, we've had a $96 million increase or 55% increase year-to-date in sales, and a $27 million or 155% year-to-date increase in cash-based net income. Not a bad nine months. Our G5 Mobile system is the first and only CGM system approved by the FDA for both adults and children as young as two years of age that sends glucose data directly to a smartphone, freeing users from the need to carry a separate receiver. The response in the diabetes community for mobile connectivity has been exceptional, and demand from new patients is at an all-time high. We have received numerous letters, emails, and messages of gratitude for this latest technology advance. We also now receive much more advice from our patients on how to make the experience on the (10:20) better, much of which we will consider in the future. As you know, we received approval for this product in late August. And while our initial production plans were targeting a Q4 2015 launch, we made the decision not to delay and began shipping in September. We also initiated an upgrade program whereby all users of a G4 Platinum system with Share from August 1, 2015 until we commence shipping the G5 Mobile system are eligible to receive a no-cost upgrade to G5. And we are also offering a low-cost cash upgrade to the G5 Mobile system for those patients who are still under warranty with their existing systems. I would add that this upgrade program has had a much greater response than previous programs of this nature. The combination of an earlier than expected launch, exceptional demand, and a well-received upgrade program have put a lot of pressure on our manufacturing operations. As a result, we have experienced some transmitter inventory challenges over the past several weeks, which have resulted in some shipping delays to new patients and has limited our ability to quickly fill upgrades to existing patients. We are confident that our transmitter inventory challenges will be resolved in the coming weeks, and they should not have any impact on our fourth quarter performance. A few additional points of interest on G5 Mobile, like its predecessor, the G4 Platinum with Share, users can also select up to five designated recipients or followers who can remotely monitor a patient's glucose information and receive alert notifications from almost anywhere. We plan to launch the Android version of G5 Mobile next year, and note that the Android phone application is already available. Our G5 Mobile launch in Europe not only introduced connectivity to this market, but the CE Mark G5 Mobile is the first-ever continuous glucose monitor that does not require confirmatory finger sticks when making treatment decisions, although a minimum of two finger sticks a day remain necessary for calibration. We have always said that CGM will ultimately be the standard of care in diabetes management, and we see a clear path to the day when the only reason to take a finger stick will be to calibrate your sensor for a safety check to ensure proper sensor  or for a safety check to ensure proper sensor performance. With G5 Mobile, we are now receiving millions of real-time data points each day, and we're expanding our data analytics team to develop platforms that will make CGM even more valuable to patients, healthcare providers, and payers. Finally, with G5 Mobile, we also launched the first phase of our CLARITY cloud-based data platform, which was developed by our Portland-based software development team. Patients can now get an intuitive, retrospective view of their CGM data right on their phone without the need to plug a receiver into a computer or visit their physician for a data download. The first version of CLARITY is geared primarily for patients. Future feature sets will be added to provide healthcare professionals with more advanced tools, and we will ultimately have a CLARITY payer platform as well. Obviously, with ever-increasing demand comes ever-increasing revenue aspirations for the balance of this year and especially in 2016. So we continue to invest on the commercial side of our business. Our number one priority is to increase awareness. Our initial DTC campaigns for G5 Mobile are beginning to roll out this month. And while early feedback is encouraging, it is much too early to report anything more than that. Future DTC investments will be evaluated based on the results of our initial campaigns, which extend through the first half of next year. We need to continue to drive awareness in the healthcare community as well. In connection with the launch of G5 Mobile, I have spent several days in the field over the past few months. And I believe we are in a much stronger position with healthcare professionals than we have ever been, but there's still a lot of work to do. CGM first rings true for many, but not enough. We want to further simplify and expand access for our patients. Pharmacy benefit is the future for us. While we have more than achieved our internal 2015 goal related to the number of covered lives under pharmacy benefit, we have also learned that entering into a pharmacy contract is just the beginning and not without administrative pitfalls. A couple of examples include inconsistent application of pre-authorization policies and failure of individual plans to actually move reimbursement from DME to pharmacy in spite of the contract. Also, there's a common misperception in the investment community that our move to the pharmacy will disrupt our pricing models. This has simply not been the case. And we note that in many instances, we see increased pricing with the direct contract for pharmacy benefit versus pricing with the payer with a third-party DME distributor. But above all in my travels, it becomes abundantly clear that we need Medicare approval for adults and Medicaid approval especially for children. For Medicare, we continue to work on all fronts, administrative, legislative, and judicial. And we work state by state with Medicaid plans and continue to see advancement, but we need to do more. Turning to the Google relationship we entered into this quarter, our objectives for this development are far-reaching. We intend to work together to develop simple low-cost sensor systems integrated into advanced data analytics platforms to improve diabetes care from pre-diabetes all the way through intensive insulin therapy. We expect these advances will make diabetes management much more convenient and flexible than ever before, and we are excited for the promise this technology holds for patients and caregivers. Turning to our core internal product pipeline, we continue to make progress on our advanced Sensor technologies, including Gen 6 and beyond. Activities related to an FDA-approved insulin dosing plan continue to evolve, and we continue to have discussions with the FDA regarding the data that will be required, both pre and post-market, to support such a claim. We need to finalize the requirements before offering more specific guidance regarding the timing of both the dosing claim and G6, as we have no intention of ever moving backwards from a non-injunctive claim once we establish it. We continue to make good progress on the next insertion system, a new lower-cost, high-quality receiver, and several generations of transmitters, all designed to be more convenient for our patients and to reduce costs for DexCom. The new insertion system will be used initially with the G5 sensor and algorithm. From an operations perspective, the new insertion system is one of the most complicated tasks we have ever taken on, but we are confident that it will be a great experience for our patients. We plan to launch both the new receiver and the new insertion system in the U.S. in the second half of next year. We continue to study sensors with no calibration requirements. And based upon the performance we have seen with our advanced sensor technologies and the capabilities of our next-generation algorithm platform, we continue to believe that calibrations can be completely eliminated in the future. We are also making significant investment in next-generation apps with additional features and functionality for our patients. With respect to our pump partners, J&J and Tandem have reported their results and appear to be pleased with their G4 Platinum-enabled product launches. Continued development by the existing commercial pump companies and by several early-stage companies is promising but have not been major drivers of our revenues here to date. One final note, as we look towards the second half of next year, it appears that we will have early data from our DIaMonD study and European studies to demonstrate the therapeutic and cost benefit of full-time CGM use, regardless of the method of insulin delivery, so stay tuned. We'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Benjamin C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for taking the questions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You bet.
Benjamin C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: First off, talk a little bit more, Steve, about the operating expense trajectory, or maybe just  you've been growing $10 million  $11 million sequentially each quarter this year. Does that pace look about right for several quarters, or should things taper as you've had the bolus because there's a whole bunch of moving pieces obviously on the development and the DTC side in the next several?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Ben, this is Kevin. I'll grab that one real quick. One of the big growth factors obviously has been our non-cash expenses, particularly the stock compensation because the stock has performed so well. Those numbers were much bigger than we had anticipated and certainly much bigger than we had had a year ago. As far as the increases in our quarter-to-quarter spending, again, there are moving pieces, and we continue to make investments. A perfect example is the investments we made in the DTC campaign this quarter, where we spent in excess of $2 million just getting geared up for the start. And there are other things that we've spent on the R&D side, the data opportunity, and things like that. I would tell you as you look forward next year, the best answer I can give you is we're going to be a little more transparent on expenses and a little more firm as we give our guidance at the start of the year. We aren't going to quit investing. And as I said in my remarks earlier, we've certainly increased our cash-based net income at a more rapid rate than we've grown, but we've also turned around and spent what we can to position us for future periods, and that's where we sit today.
Benjamin C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the G5 launch, you shipped a few units in September and obviously more since. What has been the early user experience with the device? I know Bluetooth can be a little trippy. But that combined with some early feedback, what are you hearing from customers, and what are you seeing in terms of pipeline and demand as the launch is progressing?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, pipeline and demand have been exceptional. Our opportunities coming into our system every day are much higher than we've ever experienced before, so demand has been great. The patient experience  and you're right, Ben. Bluetooth can be a little bit tricky. That's one of the things that we've learned here. But as we've gone through and analyzed the data, the best part of this is we get all the data points every day. So as we've gone through and looked at the data, other than when it appears to us in data analytics that people have walked away from their phones, our data capture rate is pretty much equivalent to what we had with the old receiver. But we've learned a few other things that have gone on. For example, that 30-foot range that we experienced with the G4 receiver, a lot of the patients don't experience that with Bluetooth and with the phone. And remember, that phone has radios that's geared to do a number of tasks. You've got Wi-Fi, regular Bluetooth, Bluetooth LE, and a number of things. So depending on how certain individuals use their phone, there can be things that behave a little bit differently. So we've had to really gear up our tech services people for calls that are different than what they've had to deal with before. And it's been good; we've learned a lot. You can't learn these things until you get out there, so we're really glad that we launched it. And we have software upgrades coming in the future that we think can address any concerns we have. The experience with the patients as far as just looking at the phone and the interaction has been fabulous. This is the first-ever Class III medical device without a printed user guide. The user guide is on the phone. If somebody has a question, they can touch the screen. They can get the user guide. They can watch videos on their phone as to how to insert the product and to how to deal with it. It has been a great experience from an actual interface perspective and very well accepted, particularly by our young patients. We've had parents call us up who had bought G4 for their kids before, and their kids wouldn't wear it because they wouldn't carry the receiver, who will now take this and look at it on the phone all the time. So the experience has been by and large good. We have learned a lot, and it really starts us with a whole new future.
Operator: And our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, this is Robbie Marcus in for Mike. Congrats on the great quarter, guys.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you, Robbie.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thank you, Robbie.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was wondering, can you give us more color into third quarter trends? It came in well above where the Street was thinking, and this was almost entirely without the G5 impact. So can you give us a little more insight into what drove those trends? And then just transitioning into the G5 launch, this is the first time that pediatrics will have access to the AP algorithm. What are you seeing there so far in the early launch, and how do you expect that to play out over the coming timeframes? Thanks.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: So, Robbie, on the first part, what we've really seen frankly since the pediatric launch of G4 Platinum and then particularly this year with G4 Platinum with Share, when we launched the mobile Share platform with G4, what we really saw was a shift from  a push from the endocrinologist down to the patient till we really started to see this thing go, what I would characterize as more viral where patients, parents of patients, friends of patients have become by far our biggest advocates. And so I would tell you in the quarter, the impact there was probably our biggest driver because, as you mentioned, we really barely started shipping Gen 5 in the quarter. I think the Nick Jonas campaign, it's hard to measure but I think that had some impact as well. And then I guess the product is performing. And I think what we're seeking is just CGM is becoming much more rapidly more  I hate to call it the standard of care yet. We're not quite that penetrated into Type 1s yet. But it's quickly becoming the standard of care. And so I think when we look at getting big as quickly as we can, we talked about some of the spend we're going to do. Kevin mentioned some of the spend in Q3, which is literally spend just gearing up for the more aggressive DTC campaigns that we're anticipating here in Q4. As for pediatric utilization of the new algorithm with Gen 5, I'm not sure we can see any impact there.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I don't know, but we do know that the physicians are happy that it's available.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: The other  it hasn't been a material impact yet. But we did as of the beginning of the quarter start shipping much more of our business through the pharmacy channel, with United and Anthem going live at the beginning of Q3. That's starting to have an impact as well.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. And then it's been several months since the Google partnership was signed. Have you guys come up with how much incremental R&D spend we might see per quarter going forward from it? Thanks a lot.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You know what, Robbie, this is Kevin. We don't really have an incremental number to give you for Q4. We will give you very firm guidance on that the first of the year. We're just getting to know everybody, to be honest with you. And so while our projects are taking place and our project teams are getting together, there's still a lot of  we did sign this in the third quarter that we just reported on. It hasn't been that many months. We're really starting to get going now.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, this is Kyle on for Bill. Congrats on a great quarter. I just wondered if we could start off on the PBM side. So third quarter is the first quarter moving with Anthem and UNH. I guess could you just talk to us about where are you in that transition over? How many  what's the percentage of patients now that are currently through that channel, and where do you see that going in nearer term, the next 12 to 18 months?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You know what? I pretty much said what we're going to say. We've hit our internal goal of covered lives and we have seen an increase in the number patients that have gone over, but we're not going to give a whole lot more color than that today. Our goal is over really a three-year period to move 70% of our business as pharmacy benefit as the primarily reimbursement source, and we're getting there. That's about it.
Kyle Rose - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay, great. And then I know it's still early obviously with the G5 launch, but you highlighted looking to put a new receiver in the market in the second half of next year. I just wondered with the new system moving to the phone, how should we be modeling a new receiver launch? I'm just thinking about utilization from patients and adoption from that standpoint. And that's it, thank you.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: The new receiver launch is strictly a function of coming up with something that is more modern than what we have, touch screen, a better experience for patients. It will be lower cost. The revenues aren't going to change we don't view drastically with respect to the receiver. But there are some patients, as we've learned, that would rather look at the data on their receiver than on their phone, so this will provide a much better experience for those guys and for that patient group, but it's not going to change much of anything.
Operator: Our next question is from James Francescone from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up on the manufacturing and inventory constraints that you alluded to in your prepared comments. What drives your confidence that that will not have an impact on the fourth quarter from a new patient start or revenue perspective?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: We meet on this every day, and so I could give you very detailed specifics. We're catching up on the manufacturing side. This was to a large extent a component issue in getting our components in place at our contract manufacturer, who has done a yeoman's job building with what we have. The material is coming in. We're building at full capacity right now. We are pretty comfortable with our capacity and what we have. The only way we'd have a problem by the end of the quarter, barring something unforeseen today, would be if it was just a true mega-quarter beyond anything we could comprehend in our room here, so we feel pretty good about it. But we've got very good visibility into the capacity of our contract manufacturer. We have very strong visibility into the component schedules as they come in to get this done. This isn't a big yield problem. This isn't anything other than we launched the thing earlier than we had planned, and we took a month that we were supposed to be building up inventory and we shipped all the stuff. And so we put ourselves a little bit ahead of schedule. But we'll catch up. We're very comfortable with it.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And just on operating expenses, you walked through a fairly long list of investment priorities. Would it make sense if there were just one or two or maybe three of those to call out that are going to be chunky pieces of incremental spend into 2016? I'm just trying to get a sense of the relative importance of those items.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yes, so in case it wasn't clear in the prepared remarks, let me tell you the message that we were trying to convey was this; that we've always continued to invest and continued to spend on the core technology development. What we're talking about in 2016 that could be, Google could be chunky, for example. We are looking strategically to make some additional investments in our foreign operations. Our manufacturing capacity, we've got extraordinary manufacturing capacity that you guys are all aware of here in San Diego, but guess what? We look out two to three years from now, and the way demand is growing, we could be butting up into some of that capacity. And so Class III regulated manufacturing facilities don't come online overnight. So guess what? You have to start investing in them now in anticipation of turning those things live in two years, three years. So those are the kinds of things that will be chunky. And as Kevin mentioned, look, we're going to do our best to give you some much better  we haven't historically given really detailed OpEx guidance, and I think we're going to try to do that in a much more granular level for next year, for 2016.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: It takes time.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooks West from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You bet.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Kevin, you talked a little bit about the pricing dynamics in the shift to the pharmacy, and that is a common question from investors. Can you just give us a little bit more on the mechanics of how that changes and how you might be actually realizing a higher price as you shift into that channel?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I can just give you the simple example. We have seen contract pricing between payers and our independent third-party distributors to the tune of  I don't know  $90 a sensor when we've set our ASP at $70 to $75. When you look at a contract like that and we look at that and go to a payer and say look, from a cost perspective we can get you this as a pharmacy benefit at a price much lower than $90, and I'm just using $90 as my test case here, it's pretty easy to show how that's better for the payer. On our side, we're selling the stuff to third-party distributor at a discount. When all is said and done, net to DexCom in some cases can be better. In some cases it will be lower. We know that. But we believe at the end we're trying to keep this as even as we possibly can, and we evaluate all the pricing opportunities very carefully.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): So should we be thinking about the potential for some price benefit in addition to the underlying unit volume that you're generating as we think about the next couple years?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Our goal is to remain even on the price perspective as we push out the distribution channel to the pharmacy benefit, and that's how we look at the contracts. If we can remain status quo, we're fine. Where the price benefit may change in future years and in future models is with an extended-wear sensor like we're planning for G6 when we go to 10 days, but that has yet to be determined.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: And I guess the only other comment I'd make, Brooks, is looking out five years, 10 years. We expect pricing to come down. We expect to maintain gross margins in a similar scenario. But one of the key driving factors behind the Google deal was to develop products that are much, much lower cost for us to enable pricing to come down to make the technology more accessible to people. I don't see that happening in the next two to three years, but...
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Over time.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: It's absolutely expected over time.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay, and just one more on cost, if I could. There have been a lot of questions on gross margin and operating expense. But maybe at a higher level, Kevin, as you think about  it looks like you have a lot of leverage available in the model. As we look out over the next year or two, should we think about the increased spending that you're talking about as maybe taking away some of that leverage? Are you actually going to spend beyond, so we should be thinking about some losses coming in at the bottom? How should we be thinking about matching the incremental expense with the revenue growth that you're generating? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Brooks, that's a great question. As we're in the middle of our planning cycle for 2016, that's our great debate here internally. Steve identified a couple chunky areas as far as investing in additional manufacturing capacity, our Google relationship, which we're going to spend money on, also data analytics. What we're going to do as we start next year is really break out those areas that are going to be above and beyond the spend in the core business. There is a lot of leverage in the model. There's no question that our business model works, even as I said through my comments, when you look at the 155% increase in cash-based net income over nine months. Our only goal here is not leverage. We want to get big and we want to serve more patients. And so we're going to have to make some investments. And as you look at the people who are coming to our markets, A), they're really big. And B), they don't have to report this level of granularity as far as their spend into what they're doing and their activities. So we'll give you more guidance. It could be a combination of both. And I think in the core business, there definitely is going to be more leverage, and that is going to be  you'll continue to see that be more and more profitable. There's no question there. But as we continue to do some of these other things, as we outlined, we're going to have to spend some money that's outside and above the norm, and that's okay because that's preparing us for the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, guys. This is Mike calling in for Jayson. Thanks for taking the questions. Not to beat a dead horse, but circling back to the investment comments, from a sales and marketing perspective, is it still fair to assume you're going to add maybe 20 or so reps in 2016? Could it be a more significant expansion, or do you think at this point you're getting more bang for your buck spending it on DTC or more of an R&D focus?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: On the commercial side, they're going through their plans right now. I can tell you that our more recent investments have been made on the channel side with respect to the distribution channel, with respect to payers, with respect actually to programs to go out to pharmacies to prepare pharmacists to market and to sell this product. So we know there's going to be an investment there for next year. I haven't looked at next year's proposed territories yet. I can tell you we're getting tremendous bang for the buck out of our team. They're doing a fabulous job. You look at this revenue growth, and even though we added quite a few reps at the beginning of the year, these guys couldn't possibly be achieving these types of numbers without us getting a lot of bang for our buck. We are investing in a lot of new tools with respect to IT infrastructure and with respect to things we can do to make that process go faster with our online store. We know we could make the improvements there and we have, and things of that nature. The R&D spend for us is almost completely independent of the commercial spend. We're spending most  and there are really a couple spends on the R&D side. There are actually three or four. There are really, really nearer-term products that are going to come as we talk about the applicator and the new receiver, for example. And by the way, the applicator also has a new transmitter that is smaller and lower cost. So you see there's a new hardware configuration, and that's a very short-term 2016 event. Then you get into more nearer-term things like the new sensor and things of that nature combined with a bunch of clinical trials to run those projects. And then we've got longer-term sensor R&D investments whereby we get into really small, no-calibration, and then the money we have to spend on Google. So we will spend money in a very controlled, structured spend to drive the commercial business. Steve mentioned investing in our international business. You'll hear more about that at the first of the year as well. So we're studying it all pretty thoughtfully, but it's across the board to keep us growing.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, got it. And then I'm sorry if I missed this, but looking at the shifting hardware model with G5, can you give us an idea on where ASPs are heading for G5 transmitters?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: I'm not going to give you a specific ASP, but we've talked about this previously, which is the fact that the transmitter now carries a three-month warranty. And unlike the G4 transmitters, which carried a six-month warranty but were really lasting nine months, 10 months, 11 months, something like that, this transmitter because of the increased power requirements of Bluetooth, it really isn't going to last much longer than three months. So patients are going to have to go from somewhere two or maybe less than two transmitters per year to really close to four transmitters per year. But we're not anticipating that the payers are going to pay us  the old ASP was probably around $400, $450 for a transmitter. We're not expecting that we're going to receive that four times a year. So the pricing is going to come down. Now that will be somewhat offset as we really ramp up the G5 launch by increased volumes, so the margins will end up being better over time because of the increased volume. So that's about as specific as I think we're going to get. But you should expect just on that transmitter component that margins will come down a little bit.
Operator: Our next question is from Tao Levy from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon. Maybe I can start with a comment from you guys around utilization. I don't know if I missed that. Is there a difference that you've seen this quarter versus prior, on sensors?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: This is Kevin. No, I think it continues to remain very strong. Everywhere I go I hear people get on this and stay. And fortunately as we migrate to G5, as these patients have their data go to the cloud, there will come a day when I ultimately have my big brother dream and I can have a TV in my office that shows me how many patients are on the system each and every day and get a much better idea of that. And from our cloud-based systems, we're going to be able to determine how often they change, what patterns really are. Anecdotally, we hear all sorts of things out there. We heard one patient say the data wasn't very good, and when we asked her how long she had worn the sensor, she was on week six. For a seven-day label product, week six is pretty good. And so we're going to learn a lot more and have a lot more understanding of those patterns. But, no, utilization is good.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And so my understanding is the way the transmitters for the G5 are shipped is you're shipping them two at a time, so patients are still ordering just twice a year, or getting scripts twice a year. Is that how it works, and is that how the insurance companies understand it? Because I guess what I'm getting at, is there a risk that the insurance companies lag in how quickly they update their system? So, all of a sudden, a patient is asking for four refills on their transmitters instead of just two, and insurance systems just aren't up to date with what you guys are doing.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: We're both chuckling because insurance systems are never really up to date, and we're always experiencing challenges. But no, the fact that we're sending two means that the patient is probably not going to have to come back for another six-plus months. And with G4 Platinum, the transition there was relatively seamless, moving from  remember, with SEVEN PLUS, it was a 12-month transmitter that lasted somewhere between 12 to 18 months. G4 Platinum, we were definitely selling more transmitters, and we were not having challenges at the insurance level.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Not globally, but sometimes that's the case. That just happens, yes.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: There are always insurance challenges.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay, great, thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Doug Schenkel from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, this is Ryan Blicker on for Doug. Thanks for taking my questions. So let me just start with new revenue guidance. You said you now expect revenue to exceed the top end of your previous range.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yes.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: But even at the top end, you think that could be exceeded with flat sequential revenue from Q4? You've targeted a long-term growth rate of 40%, but all of your commentary today as well as your results suggest your business is actually accelerating. Is there any reason you believe growth will decelerate below that 40% in Q4?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: No, we're sticking with our guidance, what we said. We updated our guidance last quarter to a top end of $375 million, which was north of our original stated guidance of 35% to 40%. And so we're not going to give any additional color as to where we think Q4  we didn't say that we expect a sequential decline, we didn't say that we expect sequential flat. We said we are comfortable that we're going to exceed the top end of our $375 million, and we're going to leave it at that.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, that's fair. And moving to the transmitters, can you give us a sense of how patients are responding to the shorter transmitter useful life than we thought? And maybe provide more color on the new transmitter you just talked about that will launch along with the sensor applicator in the second half of next year. You said smaller and lower cost. Should we also be looking for another shortened useful life?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: No, the useful life will remain the same. And they really haven't had time to respond to a three-month life because we've only been shipping for a month and a half, so we haven't heard anything on that front yet. There's advantages and disadvantages to a three-month transmitter life. Obviously, the disadvantage is you do have to buy more of them. And as Steve mentioned earlier, hardware margins should come down a bit because of that. But the advantage is, when we get something new, that upgrade cycle is going to be really short because no matter when you bought your last transmitter, within 90 days you can move to the new one. So the upgrade programs, we have gone to great effort to offer our patients and will continue to do so if necessary. But the fact is we're not going to have to do that much of that because everybody's going to be ready to go in 90 days, so there are pluses and minuses to both.
Operator: Our next question is from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Kevin, in the past you guys, you've talked about 40% for sustainable growth going forward, and obviously you've been growing much better than that this year and last year. I'm just wondering how we should be thinking about that longer time. You guys have a lot of tailwinds both nearer and medium term. So can you update us on what you're thinking about that longer-term growth target?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You know what, Danielle, we continue to plan for that sustainable 40% number. And having lived through these several quarters of 50%-plus growth, it's been great. But just by the law of increasing numbers, as you can see then in Q3, this year compared to Q3 last year with the blowout quarter, it's down from what used to be 60% into the 50s%. And so as our numbers increase, just because of percentages some of those percents have to come down. But there is still a whole bunch of market to go penetrate and go get in our Type 1 market. We still don't have the penetration that we need. There's a large international market for us to go capture. And we think as we've scheduled the pipeline and you've seen this growth, as Steve said, largely executed by great new technology and a commercial team that's executing on all cylinders combined with approvals and all those other things, those things are still in place for us. We've grown 40% on a number this year of  just last year, growing 40% on last year's number is certainly much tougher than growing 40% on the number from the year before. And so the law of big numbers eventually gets to you a little bit. But we're very optimistic about our business future, and we're not slowing down at all. But we'll give you a lot more color early in 2016 when we provide our 2016 guidance.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, awesome. That's great, and then just following up on that, maybe a higher level question. As you think about the total addressable market here, what in your mind is a realistic penetration rate ultimately for Type 1 patients? Assuming you're successful in continuing to evolve the technology, no reason to assume you won't be because you guys have been so successful thus far. So ultimate penetration in Type 1s? And then how big do you think this can get in Type 2? And I'm asking at a very high level, five to 10 years from now. I'm obviously not asking you to provide guidance for the next few years.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I'll let Steve take his guess first, and then I'll give mine.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Interesting. In Type 1, I would tell you in Type 1 in the U.S., if we're successful with the product iterations that we have, and I would tell you not even relying on a Google product, just some of the things that we have in the more nearer-term pipeline, there's no reason that as we replace finger sticks, and whether we ultimately if the FDA ever allows us to ultimately eliminate calibrations completely or whatever the safety check might look like down the road, there's no reason that every Type 1 in the U.S. who has some form of insurance, and I include Medicare and Medicaid in that over the next several years, there's no reason that everybody wouldn't use a CGM. Why would you prick your finger six, seven, eight times a day if you're a Type 1? If you have to monitor, wear a sensor. The Type 2 market is still very much evolving. You have to really  you have to segment the Type 2 market. There patients that we're frankly starting to include in our target markets today, which I would call intensive insulin using patients, so these are Type 2s who look and feel a lot like a Type 1 because they've progressed in their disease to a point where they're taking mealtime injections of insulin. And so I think the penetration there could be quite extensive. If we look to the broader Type 2 market or the pre-diabetes market, the obesity market, it's still somewhat to be determined. I think we can have meaningful impact there. I don't necessarily think that these are going to be patients wearing sensors in real time all the time like our Type 1s or intensively managed Type 2s. But there's no reason that as the standard of care truly becomes monitoring, these people aren't going to be wearing multiple sensors a year. The numbers just become staggering, having millions and millions of people wearing four sensors a year or six sensors a year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: And what we have to do, and we talk with the Google people about this on a regular basis, we've got to develop the clinical evidence that basically says you're better off as a Type 2 patient wearing four to eight sensors a year than you are sticking your finger twice a day. We believe that's very doable and very true. The other thing I'd add to Steve's comment, I support pretty much everything that he spoke there. I was with a physician up in LA who is a long-time old school endocrinologist, and I asked him. I said how many  what percent of Type 1 patients would have this? And he said all of them. And I said why don't they? And he said  and he threw the cost number out. So I challenged him. I said what's the number? What do we have to charge per day for CGM to get this on every single patient, to which he didn't have an answer because he was a bit taken aback by my response. So we talked through that and we talked through the cost per day. So all these things are going to line up over time, and I think we're positioned to do that. If we make this easy enough for patients, I think the better answer is why wouldn't somebody use it versus why are they.
Operator: And our last question is from Jeff Johnson from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good evening, guys. Just two quick clarifying questions here. So, Kevin, I think I heard you say you're not giving an update on timing for a potential dosing claim. Last quarter I thought I remember you saying expecting that claim by next year. Is there any change there that I'm missing, or is there a change there? Can you clarify that?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I'm just being a little conservative for all intents and purposes. We are getting close to defining exactly what we have to do here, and yes, I'm just being cautious, that's all.
Jeffrey D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right, that's fair. And then I thought you also said from a pipeline standpoint that seeing a new inserter next year and a new receiver. I think in Q&A somebody asked about a new transmitter coming next year as well. Is it the new receiver that's coming next year, or is it a new transmitter as well?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: With the new insertion system, there will be a new transmitter that has a much lower profile and a new receiver. So we'll have transmitter, receiver. It will be a big hardware year for us next year. Hardware and new apps and things of that nature will be our big product launches next year. Like I said, we'll give you more color on that first of the year when we provide our 2016 guidance.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Sayer for closing remarks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you very much. In conclusion, I want to thank all of you for your continued interest and support of DexCom. As we've stated throughout our comments all year and on this call, we're very proud of our accomplishments. We see an amazing future, and we will not rest until we achieve these goals. This quarter we added an amazing partner in Google that's going to help us ultimately develop the products and analytical tools to achieve the outcomes that years ago we would have only dreamed of. We're executing the plans we've described all year. Our revenues are growing robustly. We continue to add record numbers of new patients. Our cash-based operating results are improving at a much faster pace, but we are fully committed to making the investments necessary to get this company to more than $1 billion in revenues in a very short period of time much, much faster than I ever would have thought when I came here four years ago. As I said earlier also, I had an opportunity to spend quite a bit more time in the field over the past few weeks and visit with our great team and several healthcare professionals in their areas. I'm going to leave you with two other thoughts. First, when it comes to CGM, we're clearly the market leader here. One physician said to me, when it comes to CGM, I don't even think of anybody else. Another one said the effectiveness of an advance in diabetes technology is measured by one simple thing, reorders. Do the patients come back, and do they use it? Yours is the CGM that my patients continue to use. Second, I was visiting another office where the physician had very little experience with our system and very few patients using it. So we challenged him to wear a G5 and see what our patients experience. He doesn't have diabetes, but he's pretty excited, and really demanded that I want to wear it right now. Fortunately, we had a demonstration system, our rep did. And after a week our rep went back and informed me that he absolutely loves the visualization. He thinks the phone interface is fantastic. He's amazed at the information he's learned about his diet, his activity, and everything, and he really has no intention of giving the demo system back unless we do something to get it. Our long-term vision of CGM across the board is very real. It's going to take time, it's going to take money, it's going to take patience and innovation from all of us, but we're going to get there. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development
Analysts: Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Laquiba and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. Kevin, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the DexCom second quarter 2015 earnings call. We'll start with our Safe Harbor statement by Steve Pacelli.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance that speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash based operating results. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. I will ask Steve to kick off this call with a review of our detailed second quarter 2015 financial results, and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a moment to talk about several key operational milestones we achieved during the second quarter. We continue to experience phenomenal growth. Our revenues in Q2 alone were approximately the same as we achieved for all of fiscal 2012. Our blended gross margins exceeded 70% and our cash based net income increased at a rate of more than four times our top-line revenue growth. Our first major awareness campaign kicked off during the quarter with the launch of our Nick Jonas promotional video. Nick made several major television appearances to discuss the role of DexCom CGM in his diabetes care. And we have two major pharmacy wins during the quarter, with both UnitedHealthcare and Anthem agreeing to process CGM as a pharmacy benefit. We expect to continue to expand our efforts on this front with the goal of processing the vast majority of our business through the pharmacy channel over the next several years. More from me later. I'll now turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $93.2 million for the second quarter of 2015 compared to $58.8 million for the same quarter in 2014, a $34.4 million or 59% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q2 of 2015 increased $20.4 million, up 28% from the prior quarter. Our gross profit totaled $66 million, generating a gross margin of 71% for the second quarter of 2015 compared to a gross profit of $39.9 million and a gross margin of 68% for the same quarter in the prior year. As we have stated previously, we are now at the upper end of our gross margin targets on our sensor disposables and our hardware. We will continue to seek improved gross margins through increased volumes, continued manufacturing improvements, continued shift in the sales mix to more disposables revenue, and some cost savings in future product design. In the near term, we expect our blended margin to remain at approximately 70%, but we remind investors that our gross margin on hardware could be slightly lower for a period of time due to the introduction of the G5 mobile transmitter. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits. Our mix between durable and consumable products remained steady at approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable, a mix we expect to remain fairly constant going forward. ASP for sensors was at the high end of our stated range of $70 to $75 per sensor, and the ASP for our hardware was approximately $800 to $850 per starter kit. Finally, our international business continued to grow, represented $12.2 million or 13% of our revenues. Research and development expense totaled $24.4 million for Q2 of 2015 compared to $14.8 million in Q2 of 2014, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related costs and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline and work on our advanced product pipeline. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $45.2 million in Q2 of 2015 compared to $30.9 million during the same quarter in 2014. The increase was primarily related to increased head count in our sales organization, including both field sales and internal sales support staff. The increase was also attributable to additional marketing expenses in connection with our awareness campaigns. The increase included additional IT infrastructure costs, and finally, of the $14.3 million increase, approximately $4 million was non-cash share-based compensation expense. Our net loss for the second quarter of 2015 totaled $3.7 million and included $23.4 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these non-cash charges, cash-based net income was $19.7 million for Q2, representing 21% of our revenues. This compares quite favorably to cash based net income of $8.2 million in Q2 last year. We also remind investors that we expect share-based compensation expense to be approximately $21 million to $22 million per quarter through the balance of 2015. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.05, based on 80 million shares outstanding at the end of Q2. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $98 million in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $14 million from Q1 of this year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you Steve. Before I get into details about the business, I want to update investors regarding our revenue guidance for the balance of the year. We've obviously had two very successful quarters to start 2015 and feel quite confident in our prospect for the second half of the year. So consistent with prior years, we take this opportunity to up our revenue guidance to a range of $350 million to $375 million, and just so it's not lost on investors, this means DexCom will need to generate at least $200 million in the second half of 2015 to achieve the mid to upper half of our range. Pretty ambitious considering we generated $257 million in revenue for all of last year. With our revenue aspirations related to our expected launch of G5 mobile later this year, and especially as we look at 2016, we need to make some additional commercial investments now. First and foremost, we need to continue to increase awareness. As part of our evaluation of potential awareness campaigns, we've conducted a series of focus groups of non-CGM users around the country. From these focus groups our field team relayed the story of a woman who was overcome with emotion and burst into tears when she learned about DexCom CGM and the benefits it offered. She'd been on injections for over 20 years and never realized that the technology existed that could afford her this level of control, convenience, and most of all freedom. Freedom from worry and anxiety, not just for herself, but for her 11-year-old son, whose constant worry about his mother was creating his own health issues. Clearly, we need to do more. While we can't necessarily quantify what Nick Jonas did for us in terms of sales volume, we can give you some high level statistics. Our website had more visitors the day we posted the Jonas video than any other day in our history. The team was able to secure 17 interviews with national media outlets where Nick Jonas was able to mention his DexCom CGM. Combine these wins with the huge number of DexCom tweets, likes, follows, et cetera in the diabetes and Nick Jonas social media communities, and we consider this a great success. Over the next few quarters, we will explore other opportunities to reach our customers directly and will invest accordingly. We also need to expand access through our field presence, not simply adding sales reps, but orienting our activities with a goal to simplify access for clinicians and patients. To do this, we will continue to build out our managed care team to support our efforts to move reimbursement to a pharmacy benefit and to enable access of DexCom product at retail outlets such as CVS and Walgreens. We'll also be looking to pilot expansion of our call points outside of endocrinology to broaden reach into the entire insulin-using diabetes market. We need to generate more clinical data and as one tool to do so, we plan to support more investigator-initiated studies. For example, we're supporting several studies related to the use of CGM for some period of time immediately after diabetes diagnosis. Finally, we are investing more in our internal infrastructure to support growth, both back office head count and information technology. During our Q4 2014 earnings call, we guided that the SG&A spend in 2015 would increase approximately 20% on a cash basis over 2014. But as a result of the increased investment we intend to make in our commercial platform, we now expect the SG&A spend to increase approximately 25% on a cash basis year over year. Turning to our product pipeline, we continue to have excellent dialogue with the FDA regarding our G5 mobile system, and we expect to receive FDA approval and launch G5 mobile for both pediatrics and adults later this year. We're on track to conduct a pre-pivotal with our gen 6 sensor later this year, and plan to commence a pivotal study shortly thereafter. As a reminder, gen 6 will be an extended-wear sensor, most likely 10 days, and will have a reduced calibration scheme. We expect to launch gen 6 in early 2017. Activities related to an insulin-dosing claim for our G4 PLATINUM system continue. And we now believe we're in sync with the FDA regarding the data that will be required, both pre and post market, to support a dosing claim and we're optimistic that we will have such a claim in the U.S. sometime next year. Turning to some of our advanced R&D efforts, we continue to make good progress on the next insertion system, a new lower cost, higher quality receiver and several generations of transmitters, all designed to be more convenient for our patients and to reduce cost for DexCom. We continue to study sensors with no calibration requirements, and based upon the performance of these sensors that we have seen with our advanced sensor research group and the capabilities of our next algorithm platform, we believe that calibrations will be completely eliminated in the future. On the data front, we are beginning to make investments in our real-time analytics platform, now that we have the G4 PLATINUM with Share in the market and we are capturing millions of data points each day. To support our efforts on this front, we have recently hired a senior data executive. She joins us from outside the medical technology field and has years of experience in big data at several large companies in Silicon Valley. Finally, as it relates to data, I'm pleased to report that in the second half of this year, we will be launching a robust new data platform developed by our SweetSpot team. We believe this next generation cloud-based platform will set a new standard for visualization of CGM data. Shifting to our integration partnerships, Johnson & Johnson again reported nice growth in pump sales related to the launch of the Animas Vibe in the United States. And we have expanded our partnership with Tandem by entering into a development agreement that will allow for integration with our gen 5 and gen 6 systems, enabling Tandem to develop products that go beyond mere display of CGM on a pump and offer some measure of insulin control based upon CGM data. We're also seeing some excellent work conducted by the team at Bigfoot Biomedical in taking a truly novel approach to the development of an automated insulin delivery system, and we were very pleased to see Ed Damiano unveil his dual-chambered bionic pancreas pump at a recent meeting. Last quarter, we said that we would support our partners with future technologies only if they develop products that go beyond mere display of CGM and offer some measure of insulin control based upon CGM data. We believe some exciting progress has been made on that front. Before I open up the line to Q&A, I'd like to close with a brief update from the American Diabetes Association's annual Scientific Sessions, held in June. It was quite evident at the show that we remain the leader in continuous glucose monitoring. While the vast majority of new data presented this year was on diabetes drugs, in our view the most exciting data on devices was presented by the T1D Exchange. This data showed that across all diabetes technologies, use of CGM generates the greatest impact on A1C reduction, with only a minimal difference in outcomes for those who use CGM and multiple daily injections compared with those who use CGM with an insulin pump. From our perspective, while patients get some benefit from using an insulin pump, it's continuous glucose monitoring technology that makes the real difference by educating patients and enabling them to alter their behavior to achieve better A1C results. This theme was echoed during multiple presentations and presenter commentary through the conference. So as we develop our awareness campaigns, we will be ever mindful of the 70% of patients in the U.S. and 90% plus of patients outside the U.S. on multiple daily injection therapy. I'd now like to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is going to come from Mike Weinstein. Please go ahead.
Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, this is actually Robbie Marcus in for Mike. Congrats on a great quarter, guys. This is now something like three years in a row where every quarter is 50%, 60% or more growth, and it just looks like every quarter you keep finding new sources of patients and new areas of growth. So maybe you can help us  walk us through, where are the new patients coming from? Is it pumps, is it MDI patients? And how sustainable is this? And how important is G5 going to be to growing this patient base?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thanks. That's a very good question. This is Kevin, I will take that. Let's start with the pumps versus MDI mix. Still a majority of our patients come from the insulin pump world, but we are seeing an increase in MDI patients. We haven't totally moved the needle away from our 60:40 split that we talked about earlier. I think the traction Vibe has generated has helped us. Also the number of new pump starts on Tandem and Insulet as they both gain a little more traction, it appears, in the marketplace help us because those patients migrate to our sensors. So we've had good success there. So they're coming from across the board. With respect to patient groups, we certainly can't walk away from the good that the Pediatric launch has done for us. I was at a show in a meeting in Florida, children with diabetes, and a guy was giving a speech about all the therapies available for diabetes. And he asked all the peds and their parents in the room who use CGM, and a bunch of hands went up. And he asked how many use DexCom, and no hands went down. So we've done very well in the peds market, but it's very much been across the board.
Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Everything we do helps sustain this growth Robbie, and I don't think anybody can underestimate how difficult it is to grow a business this quickly. To grow a business this fast, you have to have new thing after new thing after new thing that enhances the patient experience to get deeper into the patient community. Gen 5 is that next step. We believe the data going straight to a phone will enable patients not to carry an extra thing around in their pocket and will be very helpful. But we also know the next step after that: we have to make it more convenient, we have to eliminate calibrations and the hassle factor, and we have to continue to maintain our excellent level of accuracy. All those things matters, and we address every one of those things every time we iterate.
Robbie J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And maybe just one follow up. A question we get a lot from investors is, how is the shift to the pharmacy going to impact your financials? And I was surprised to see that ASPs for sensors were actually at the high end of the range this quarter. So, can you talk about what impact that's having on sales, and then down throughout the P&L, is it going to be a benefit or neutral? And how should this impact getting new patients in the door? Thanks, guys.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, it should impact new patients getting in the door very favorably because in many cases all they would need is a script from a physician and maybe some limited pharma preauthorization on a phone call. So, it will take the cycle of a new patient going in the system down significantly, so that should be very good. It should also reduce their copays. With respect to the pricing of our system in the pharmacy channel, there will be some situations where we lower price to get pharmacy in the door, and some situations where we get price increases. We hope over time  our goal has been, try to remain price neutral. We have another pricing lever coming with the gen 6 sensor that has an extended wear. So I think as you see us move to pharmacy, if we see movement down a little bit or up a little bit in pricing in the pharmacy channel, we've got something coming with the gen 6 system where we can pick certainly all, if not more than that, up with an extended wear sensor. So we monitor it closely. We have long discussions before we embark in a pricing  we embark in pricing discussions every time we have a pharmacy contract. So we're looking at it very closely, but so far so good. Even as more of our businesses has shifted there, we're doing quite well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. I wanted to then talk about a couple things, I guess. And Steve, I may have missed your first comments, or Kevin. Did you give a percent of revenues from hardware this quarter?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yes, it was 30%.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: It was still 30%. So is that roughly split between new patients and replacement hardware? Because that would put you at an awfully big new patient number, something closing 18,000 patients or even 20,000 patients in the quarter.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, we're not going to break it out, as we haven't in the past. You should assume with the revenue levels that we're at and the growth rates we're experiencing, we're adding quite a few new patients, but we're not going to be specific on the new patient numbers.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. So the Share monitor launch obviously plus pediatrics have got to be the two major things that really changed it. But was the momentum actually building through the quarter, since you've only had that product for a short time, and obviously there's a little bit of backlog built through Q1 with seasonality, but was it actually getting even stronger as the quarter went on?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You know, the month to month swings in our business  and Jess is sitting here across the table looking at me, are difficult to predict, and in some years all the months are equal in the second quarter, other years, it starts fast and slows down. This quarter went as we planned it, Ben, and I'd sort of answer is we looked at our monthly targets every quarter, we did very well month-to-month. I don't think there was demand built up for the Share Receiver. We were able to fill all those orders in the first quarter when we launched it. That was a very effective and efficient launch by our team. There wasn't anybody sitting on the sidelines waiting for a product that couldn't get it. But I do think the Share Receiver certainly helped, and continued peds growth helped, and all those things continue to add to the business.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And Kevin, I know 60% growth for now, what, six  or no, I'm sorry, 10 quarters in a row-ish. You've talked about the challenges of sustaining that and I know there's many bottlenecks that you guys are working hard on, but what is the primary bottleneck right now? Is it awareness? And obviously you talked about the technology iterations, addressing that and continuing to expand it. But at these kind of growth rates to sustain it, it really does take a lot to feed that  to feed the beast and sustain it.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I think awareness is the biggest challenge, to keep growing at this rapid rate. Our operations team, we haven't had a backorder since we started here, and we've gone through all the hassles that any manufacturing plant would go through, and these guys are very, very good at fixing them. I think another challenge, as we look to the future, is getting the new products out quickly enough. We've been iterating very quickly with all the approvals we had last year, the approvals we've already received this year, and things have moved pretty fast here. So we need to keep innovating at that robust pace, but we keep going, Ben.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Last thing from me, and you mentioned you had been evaluating a series of different transmitters. Can you characterize kind of some of the technologies or the concepts that you're thinking about? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Sure. Battery life is one thing we look at and think about. The gen 5 transmitter, as we've talked about, has a three months life versus the six month life, and as those of you who have been on this call for a long time will remember, the SEVEN PLUS Transmitter had a year plus life. So, we've looked at battery life, anything from extending to three months to six months or going down to disposable, depending upon costs. We've looked at those transmitter options, certainly different electronics configurations. The biggest issue with the transmitter is simply size. The smaller we can make it  to a certain extent. You can't get too small or it becomes unmanageable from a dexterity perspective, as we learned in our human factor studies. We're looking at the optimal size and shape to make it smaller and give our patients maximum economic benefit.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Brooks West, from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You bet.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Kevin, can you talk about  and I stood with you in your booth for a while at ADA and listened to some of the patient stories around Share. Is it safe to say that the patient profile for that product is skewing more towards peds and young adults? And you're maybe actually seeing a turbo boost from that launch?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I think it does skew that way. But I would tell you, that's not the only place that it goes. I've been around a number of adults who are using it. I was in a physician's office just a week or so ago, where a physician showed me data from a 72-year-old patient who had severe hypoglycemia unawareness, and couldn't manage himself. He had moved to a small town to take care of his 90 plus year old parents, and instead they were taking care of him till he got on CGM. Well, Share data is very important for that guy. And I think any place where people are subject to severe high and low swings, and particularly with hypoglycemia, Share has made huge difference. It obviously is going to help more in pediatric patients  if not for the simple reasons that seven-year-olds can now tell their parents they need an iPhone, and I have to have this if you're going to watch my data. The interesting side note of all the Share data, I was going to talk about this in my concluding remarks, is there's a whole new culture that's coming, about how are we going to interact based on CGM? Because parents are freaking out and calling their kids all the time, then kids turn off their parents from sharing, and adults, you know spouses following each other. We've seen some very interesting text messages between followers and patients. So it's across the board, but clearly the concept is being proven out dramatically.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thanks, and then I wanted to ask a question on the various open source programs. You mentioned SweetSpot, but I know you also are very familiar with Tidepool and glucose. Can you talk in general about how those might impact your business over the next couple of years, because it seems like there is a broader concept of sharing information, but there also seems to be a specific effort to allow Medtronic pumpers to interact with a DexCom device.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, and that's certainly being taken care of by those entities that are independent of DexCom. That's great for our patients and for healthcare professionals who want to see the data put together. Our SweetSpot platform is our technology platform and ultimately we'll upload pumps into there as well, particularly from our own pump partners, and we'll reciprocate our pump partners back as far as sensor data being in their combined devices. As far as those other platforms being a huge driver of our business, I mean, it will be helpful, it'll be a nice feature for our patients. We're not banking on that to drive our revenues. We just think it's a nice  we think it's nice to have and that's why we work with these guys. And, look, if they have better answers than we do, that makes everybody happy, so we're fine.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thanks, guys. Congratulations.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good evening. A couple questions here, just first on G6. I think, based on your comments, your pilot and pivotal will go this year for that, and when do you expect to complete the pivotal and submit?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, the pivotal timing will dependent upon a lot that we learned in the pre-pivotal. We expect to submit early next year and hopefully launch in early 2017.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. And, then  and like you said on that, you believe with that, you'll have the 10-day extended wear, correct?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: That's correct.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then, when do you think  on the dosing, just again, clarification, you're working on that on the G4 to get the dosing claim?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: That's correct, we don't have to wait for gen 6. The FDA in our discussions has very strongly indicated to us that even without the interference blocking of the gen 6 membrane our G4 data is strong enough to support an insulin dosing claim. So we're working with the agency about what work we have to do and labeling we have to put together to add that feature to our product.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And, would you  I mean, if G5 gets approved, do you still turn around and get the dosing on G4 and then turn around and kind of baby step to G5 to add that dosing claim or would it automatically come with it?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: They're the same sensor and algorithm, Bill. So, more than likely what we would do is launch the G5 with the claim and not go backwards.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got you. Okay. So when you get the G4 dosing, it basically applies to G5 and then you have that. That's locked up. So then it's really working on  and I think you said on G6, it was  you discussed reduced calibration. What exactly does that mean?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, when we run studies, we calibrate it. We have calibration schemes and our patients take calibrations. Then we go simulate the data in a number of ways. We simulate the data as if they only took calibrations on the first day or in the middle or in just a number of different ways. More than likely, our first pass with this, particularly in looking at timing with the agency, would be one calibration a day. But we developed an entirely new algorithm platform for this product, one that can adapt to very few calibrations. So more than likely, I would say our first pass with G6 will be a calibration every single day, not really as much for accuracy as it is for the reliability and the safety of this system, and looking to get through the agency efficiently. So that would be our first pass and then we will look at a number of options after that with filings after the fact. So one a day for the first  when we start.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Wow! I think I will stop there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Greg Chodaczek from CRT Capital.
Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. But real quick on UNH and Anthem, have those programs started? And if so, when did they start?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, they were both effective July 1.
Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: July 1. And what percent of the MCOs or managed care guys do you think sign up, or are they waiting for UNH and Anthem to have 12 months of data and say, yeah, this is the way to go? Or is this fluid and we could see more by the end of the year?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: No. I think you could see more by the end of the year. We're in active  I would tell you, without being specific, we're in active discussions with virtually everyone, every major payer.
Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: And Steve, you talked about sensor pricing being in the upper end of the range. Can you explain why that has moved up a little bit or why you've talked about it this time?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, it's a combination of factors. So, in any given quarter, depending on how much of our business is processed on a direct basis versus through third-party distribution and the mix of which direct contracts versus which third-party distributors, the pricing varies. That is what results in the variability in sensor pricing. And as Kevin mentioned, as we  I think there has been this weird concern on the Street that somehow our revenues were going to be severely impacted as we moved to the pharmacy. What you have to keep in mind is that where  and Kevin said, we would give  in some instances it'll have to give, and where we have to give would  may be in any case where we have a direct contract with the payer today, in order to get them to move to pharmacy we may have to do a slight discount. But, remember, about 50% of our business was historically through a durable medical distributor. And so where we're looking to get established and obtain first-time contracts with some of these payers, these guys were getting gauged by the third-party distributors. So, the pricing that we can come in at can actually be quite favorable to DexCom on an overall ASP basis and the payer gets a significant break from what they were paying their DME supplier. So, again, don't  what I want to caution, though, is we've never said that we expect the pharmacy channel will drive ASPs, but our goal again, as Kevin just mentioned, is to stay kind of net neutral on a pricing basis as we shift to the pharmacy.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: And on the distributor front, I would clarify that, some distributors have gauged our payers....
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, fair enough. Not all.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Certainly not all of them, and we've actually spent a lot of time this year also working on those relationships to make them more consistent and more seamless, and I think that's going a lot better. We have a channel team working directly with those guys as well and those efforts have been very good.
Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: So, I won't quote Steve and say all. I will change that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: No, just stick with mine on that one.
Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. And last but not least. This is the five year lookout or outlook. When I look at CGM, what do you think the percentage of penetration in the type 1s is right now, Kevin, and where is it going, where do you foresee it a year from now, five years from now?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: That's a great question. And I really think  and I'll speak and I will let Steve even give his thoughts after I'm done. We just as well have two opinions here. Pumps have reached 30%, but haven't had a tremendous amount of growth as far as over the past 10 years from where they were before. I believe at a minimum standard 30% for CGM penetration to start in the U.S., and I think it should be higher. And our biggest barriers are awareness and access and cost, and we are doing things on all those fronts to try and make a difference. So above 30%. I don't think we're ever getting to 70%, but I think CGM certainly should be above 30%. If we make this thing small enough and easy enough to use, we can take away most every excuse that people have.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Look, five plus years from now, our goal would be to have a sensor that would be something that's miniaturized, that looks more like a bandage than a medical device, that's fully disposable. You get it to the point where you overcome basically all of the objections that a patient would have to wearing the device  it talks to your phone, it doesn't have to be calibrated, you don't take fingersticks anymore, there really isn't a reason that you couldn't get very significant penetration into the type 1 market in the U.S., again provided we can achieve the appropriate access for patients via the payer community and continue to drive awareness. All that  if you rehash our entire conference call script today, that's kind of the message, is that we need to keep our foot on the pedal on growing our commercial enterprise and our foot on the pedal on the R&D front, because we need to continue to iterate new and better technologies to capture a larger market share of type 1s. But I would also add that I think in five years, you're going to see us have very meaningful penetration for sure into the intensive insulin using patients who are type 2s, but I would suggest even potentially even broader into type 2s. So, I think that's going to become an ever-increasing important market segment for us.
Greg P. Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from Tao Levy from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. I was wondering, maybe I could ask on utilization trends in the quarter, and did that change at all?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: No. No.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: No.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Again, we don't have perfect data. We're starting to capture a lot more data about our patients who have said they've (37:15) moved to Share. But we still think patients are using somewhere between 2.5 sensors to 3 sensors per month on average.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: They're still extending the wear.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And, so with UNH and Anthem just, you've got a month of experience with that. How -- any anecdotal information or data that you've been able to obtain there? And, when you think about current patients, not necessarily new patients coming on, will they  if you're an Anthem patient, you have Anthem insurance, will they now be able to go to a CVS or a Walgreens or get their script refilled at the pharmacy versus going in and calling their distributor?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Theoretically that will happen. I will tell you, there'll be a few bugs to work out as we get this started and going. Anecdotally, we got an e-mail at the company e-mail repository from a mother who had a 2.5 year old with type 1 diabetes recently diagnosed, and 24 hours later she had a CGM from the local drug store. And, her e-mail was very, very -- she was very grateful. The ability to turn this stuff around quickly is very important to our business. I think over time, we will be able to move it over there. But there's bugs in this like everything else. It's going to take a little bit of work, but we'll get there.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And just two quick ones. The dosing claim, is that only going to be applicable to the G4 with the AP algorithm?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: That's correct.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So, any of the integrated pumps will not have that dosing claim?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Not until they integrate with gen 5.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. And, then just lastly, Share currently is only on the iPhone platform. When do you start thinking about the other platforms, Android and whatnot?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, the Follow App is available on Android. So parents can  or followers can follow whoever they are following on either platform. We probably will not move the Share app to the Android platform, because we think gen 5 will be here relatively quickly and we'd rather put our resources towards that. But we'll evaluate it as we go.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: But will gen 5 just be an iPhone, or -
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: It will be iOS to start, and then it will move to Android as well, very quickly.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks. Thanks for taking the question. So just a couple of clarifications. So on the dosing claim you hope to get next year, I'm wondering if you could just maybe elucidate what you hope that does for you? I mean does that  I guess there's been some talk that CMS has wanted that before they would open up coverage. So is that one aspect? And then, when we start thinking about closing the loop, I mean does this start to move you quicker down that path, and when do you think we might see that?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, I think you're right. Initially, I think our belief was that the dosing claim was most important from a Medicare perspective, because Medicare has indicated that until we get the non  the adjunctive labeling removed, that they would not entertain a coverage category for CGM. And that opens up quite a few both type 1 and type 2 intensive insulin using patients. But I will tell you, and I actually really  it was really eye opening this year, when I was at our national sales meeting, starting to talk to the field force, who are much more excited than frankly, I think we were internally about the dosing claim, because they tell stories of doctors who truly are unwilling today to prescribe, or prescribe as much as we would like, because they have to  they're unwilling to  they're not prescribing it off-label. So they have to tell their patient when they prescribe it, hey, I want you to go out and purchase this thing, and oh, by the way, you have to take two fingersticks a day to calibrate it and oh, by the way, every time you eat or take an insulin injection, you need to also take a fingerstick. These doctors are  this is, again, all anecdotal from our sales force, but these doctors would be much more willing when they don't have to tell their patients that they have to take a confirmatory fingerstick, to prescribe much more. So, I think the dosing claim could actually be a bigger catalyst than maybe we had anticipated in the past.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just that idea of, does that precipitate  the artificial pancreas right, the holy grail here in terms of actually closing the loop, is that something that -
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. Look, I think the FDA is cognizant of the fact that a fully automated system or even a semi-automated system, you're going to have to use the CGM information to dose insulin. So it's hard to have a system that's dosing insulin that isn't labeled for dosing insulin. So, I think there's probably something there as well. I'm not sure that it necessarily accelerates the timing to approval for an artificial pancreas, but I think it's important.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: I think that's one reason the FDA is pushing us to do it.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah. I think that's why the FDA is pushing us, that's for sure.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And one other question around that. There's been also questions about, as you start to eliminate calibrations, that it sort of is counter to the idea of a dosing claim, right, that those two things just are almost opposed to each other. How do you kind of marry those as you think about moving forward with the different devices in the future?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Welcome to what I wake up thinking about at 3 o'clock in the morning. It's a very interesting quandary, because if you're not going to take any fingersticks, there's no safety check to make sure that everything is well, and if you're going to have a dosing claim and take no fingersticks, that thing has to work every single time. And so, I think what you're going to see us move into, and that's why I said our first pass with the gen 6 system will be one fingerstick a day for calibration, you're going to see us move into this area gradually, and we have a number of system options that we're considering to whereby we can stay in the dosing claim world, but eliminate calibrations. And maybe you'll see different labeled products from us over time to offer patients more convenience, and certainly glucose information, but maybe not give them the labeling to say, you can go ahead and dose insulin off this thing. So we're considering a number of things, and we'll be breaking some new ground here.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Helpful. And then just one last one on the direct-to-consumer programs you're talking about. As you start to get more pharmacy benefit coverage, while Nick Jonas probably resonates with certain audiences I have to admit I'm not that familiar with him, my age (44:07). How do you think about expanding those programs, right, in terms of appealing to a different audience?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, that's why we're running the focus groups, and really seeing what message resonates with this community, and we'll start launching those messages. The direct-to-consumer efforts, in all reality, as we think about creating more awareness, are probably going to coincide more with our gen 5 launch and the connectivity of the transmitter going straight to the phone. So, we're working on this and planning this out. Certainly it would be implemented later this year and into the course of next year. And we'll have more on those messages later, we're just not quite ready to share.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And, our next question is going to come from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Yeah. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just had one sort of high level question, following up on the type 2 market opportunity. Steve, I know you said in five years you thought you could really start to penetrate that market. What will it take to get you there? Is it going to be product driven? Is it going to be data driven, sort of showing clinical trial data that the type 2 patients benefit? If you could elaborate a little bit, that would be helpful.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: Yeah, it's going to take kind of all of the above. I would tell you those two factors, plus a third being establishing a reimbursement category. And we're starting to see some reimbursement for intensive insulin-using type 2. So these are folks who are on basal-bolus mealtime injections of insulin. They mostly look and feel like a type 1, and we're starting to see some meaningful coverage on that front. Really when you think about the type 2 opportunity, you really need to segment it by kind of the intensive insulin users versus just maybe a daily Lantus user versus those who are on orals, diet and exercise. And I think it'll take probably a different product than what we have today. It will take something that's simpler to use, that's smaller on the body. And these are all the things that we're exploring internally. But I think to appeal to a much broader patient population, I mentioned  a few minutes ago, I mentioned disposable. I think the idea of having something that you can put on as more of a diagnostic tool as a type 2 patient, to really use it as more of a behavior modification tool on a periodic basis, and then be able to throw it away when you're done is quite appealing. And so, these are the kinds of things that are in our more  I would call it our advanced technology pipeline. But certainly, five years out is a long time for us from a development perspective. So, you'll see some iterative steps along the way.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. Thanks so much, guys.
Unknown Speaker: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. Just a couple of follow-up questions here. So, Kevin, in your prepared remarks you made some comments about some of the increased spend also going maybe towards feet on the street on other indications. Maybe you could just flesh that out a little bit for us. Are you talking about OB and ICU and those kind of offices, going in there? I always thought that was more of kind of a G6 timing, when you'd start going into those offices. Just wondering if I'm misunderstanding that, or what the other indications might be that you'd be going after near term?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, I can give you a couple of examples. If we have pharmacy benefit, pharmacists are going to need to know about our product. So, we'll look at that area, we'll also look at some more internal medicine doctors and primary care doctors who see a lot of people with diabetes. And pilot some programs in some geographies and see what that generates from us, some other things. We're looking at really a lot of things across the board, and just to make it easier for people, one of the stats that Terry often quoted was how many prescribers we have in a year and how many of them prescribed one unit. And, last year, we had something like 13,000 different healthcare professionals who prescribed CGM and over 8,000 of them did one. And so, what do we have to do to get those people who do one to do more, because they're not all endocrinologists, they're across the board. We've also got programs targeted more at diabetes educators, and the nurse practitioners and physician's assistant markets, because those people see a lot of patients and are very involved in patient care recommendations. So, we're going to look at a number of different things outside just traditional endocrinology as to where we're going to focus those dollars, but we'll focus them across the board. As you talk about the ICU and OB/GYN markets and such, those are places where we'll probably start running clinical studies, particularly with our gen 6 system with one calibration a day, when that comes out. That becomes much more convenient for example, in a hospital environment, and more convenient for a patient who doesn't traditionally have diabetes. It's time to start running those studies, it's time to start seeing what we can do in those markets. All the technologies we're developing for our core business will be applicable to those patient groups in enhancing their lives and the experience in improving healthcare outcomes. So it's time for us to go there. I put that on Steve's plate.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Well that's very helpful, thank you. And then Steve, a question for you. Just as UNH and Anthem theoretically ramp here during the third quarter, just to set expectations, I know you don't guide to sensor pricing, but would it be expected that that sensor pricing comes down off the $75, or the high end of that $70  $75, I mean, I hear everything you're saying about ups and downs and should normalize. But just to set expectations, should we be expecting something more in that $70 or lower end of that range?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: No, no, no, I think it will be somewhere in the range of $70 to $75. I don't see any change.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Great. And then just my last question. Just as we think theoretically about some of the integrated pump stuff that you're doing on maybe G5 and G6 with the Tandem announcement and that, Tandem talks about they have their own nomograms, obviously you guys know a lot about nomograms. Where does the nomogram reside, I mean is it better to scatter-shot and kind of go with a few different nomograms, maybe one with Tandem, one with somebody else, and see which one ends up working the best? Or do you control that from the beginning because you want to have that spread across all the different pumps, being in a very similar manner.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Well, we certainly control the way our data is displayed with respect to how the FDA has approved it, and those pump companies refer to our dataset with respect to our PMA filings. So it has to look very similar to ours. If they have different visuals, as long as it doesn't alter the data, that's fine, and I think there will be different views of our data as everybody adds their own touch to it. And look, as we've learned with our gen 5 application, when you want to  if you think you know how CGM data is displayed, it's all about to change. And as you look at things like that, the G5 system displays things much differently than what we've done on the receiver before. So I think everybody'll have their own interpretation, I think  and a lot of it will depend upon FDA process. It doesn't make a lot of sense for a pump company to take everything and change everything we do completely and drag themselves through an extended FDA review, because of this. On the other hand, if they can offer something more beneficial to their patient set, that's great. But also, remember with gen 5 and gen 6 and the other ones that transmitter is capable of talking to two things at the same time. What our patients are offered as the integrated pump moves to a gen 5 and gen 6 platform, is they can look at their data on their pump or on their phone. And if it's on their phone, then it goes to their watch as well  I find the watch view very nice. In fact, I'm wearing my Apple Watch and a sensor today, looking at it. So there's going to be a lot of different ways this is done. I think our motto here is glucose for anybody, anywhere they want it.
Jeff D. Johnson - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Understood. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I apologize if this has been covered, but just a couple follow-ups. On the insulin dosing claim, do you believe you need to run a trial or do you think you can satisfy the FDA with existing data you have?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You know what, I'm not going to get into all the specifics of what we're doing. We said that we're getting pretty comfortable with the pre-market and post-market work we have to do, and I'm going to leave it at that.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Just switching the pharmacy channel and United and Anthem, can you give us a little more detail on the rollout, meaning, are these national, regional programs? And then, are the payers actively steering folks to the pharmacy? Or is that your responsibility?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development: So, I can give you a comment with respect to United. I actually couldn't answer it with respect to Anthem just yet. But I do know that United actually sent  they sent correspondence to all of their patients, as did the DME distributor, to all of the patients informing them  just prior to July 1, informing them that as of July 1 they'd be able to purchase through the pharmacy. I' m not  frankly I don't know if Anthem is doing the same sort of outreach, I'd have to check.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And is there any reason why someone would not go through the pharmacy?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: You know, if they're used to going through DME, and there are DME arrangements still certainly with United, they might stay where they are. They might have an employer plan that gives them no-deductible from DME. So they would make a decision to do it that way. And understand, when a patient calls us, we do run numbers for our patients, we go through both the DME and the pharmacy scenario to determine what is best for them and give them both options. So, that would be the reason somebody would do that.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And it's fair to assume that going through the pharmacy is the most cost effective solution for the user, is that fair, in the vast -
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: In almost every case, it will be. It is certainly the most cost effective for us, because once that drug store is online to refill orders they're not calling us every time they need sensors. So, you know, that's one of our motivations in doing this.
Jayson T. Bedford - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Kevin Sayer.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director: Thank you very much. And we appreciate all the interest and all the questions today after our call. And you guys are right, the era of connectivity is here and we're learning all sorts of things about our patients, about our product and the difference we can make in people lives through this connectivity. So that has been a great, great thing that happened this quarter and we are very pleased with it. I do want to conclude with a couple of thoughts. As you know, over the summer there's a lot of diabetes meetings that we attend: ADA, AADE is going on right now, and several others. I was attending a meeting in Colorado. In a diabetes symposium, an exceptional diabetes-based  I mean Denver-based diabetes professional gave a talk for us at our DexCom symposium, and she asked a simple question at the start of her talk. Who needs CGM? And her answer was just as simple as her question, everybody with diabetes. She proceeded to present case study after case study of type 2, type 1 patients, all in completely different circumstances and completely different ages, all of whom experienced a significant reduction in A1C and/or a hyperglycemia improvement through the use of personal or professional CGM. CGM tells a story that nobody can get from fingersticks or any other medical device. And the second thought comes from a discussion I had with another physician at this conference, a very well known endocrinologist. And we were talking about the business and he simply said this: nobody comes to my office anymore and asks for CGM. They come to my office and ask for DexCom. And that's a position we want to maintain. We're not going to move away from our long-term goal of replacing fingersticks, and we're going to become the first tool in treating diabetes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
Analysts: Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Anna and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. Kevin Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you very much and welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings call. We'll start off with Steve Pacelli and our traditional Safe Harbor statement.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash based operating results. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Sticking with the format we established during our last earnings call, Steve will start with a review of our detailed first quarter 2015 financial results and I will follow with our customary operations update and offer some concluding thoughts before opening the lines for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, I want to take a moment to talk about some of our major accomplishments during this first quarter. First, we launched our G4 PLATINUM with Share System in March, just over 30 days after receiving approval. We were planning to launch this product in Q2 and had to accelerate a number of tasks to pull this off. I want to acknowledge the efforts of all of our fine people involved with this project. Second, we filed the DexCom G5 mobile system in February. We have long dreamed of transmitting sensor data directly to a smartphone as have our patients and we believe that that dream will be realized later this year. Concerning our commercial activities, we again experienced significant revenue growth in spite of the fact that the first quarter is always the most challenging from a reimbursement perspective. U.S. new patient growth was exceptional as on a percentage basis, our new patient growth compared to Q1 last year far exceeded our 55% total revenue growth for the quarter. Finally, we made progress on a number of other fronts that we will report on throughout the call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom reported revenue of $72.8 million for the first quarter of 2015 compared to $47.1 million for the same quarter in 2014, a $25.7 million or 55% increase. Sequentially, revenue for Q1 of 2015 decreased $11.5 million, down 13.6% from the prior quarter. This sequential decline in revenue was not unexpected due to our typical Q1 seasonality together with the financial impact of the launch of our Share Receiver that we will discuss momentarily. Our gross profit totaled $46.5 million, generating a gross margin of 64% for the first quarter of 2015, compared to a gross profit of $29.8 million and a gross margin of 63% for the same quarter in the prior year. We'd like to take this opportunity to give you some clarity on the Q1 financial impact of our sooner than expected FDA approval of the G4 PLATINUM with Share. As this approval affected both our revenues and gross profits for Q1, under the terms of the upgrade program we previously announced all U.S. patients who purchased a G4 PLATINUM system from January 1 until the launch of the Share Receiver in March, have the right to receive a free upgrade to the Share Receiver. This upgrade program required us to defer $800,000 of our revenue in Q1 related primarily to upgrade receivers which were not shipped prior to quarter's end. However, we expect to recognize most of this revenue in Q2 when we ship the balance of the receiver upgrades. Additionally, we recorded a charge, cost of sales of $2.7 million related to this early launch. Of the $2.7 million, $700,000 was recorded as a charge to cost of sales with respect to the upgrade receivers and $2 million was a write-down of excess and obsolete inventory related to the prior generation G4 PLATINUM Receiver. The impact of this revenue deferral and the additional cost of goods sold related to the G4 PLATINUM with Share launch was a decrease of approximately 4 margin points. We do not anticipate any additional charges with respect to this launch. And we expect margins to return to normal over the course of 2015. Some final thoughts on our revenues and our gross profits. Our mix between durable and consumable products remained steady at approximately 30% durable, and 70% consumable, a mix we expect to remain fairly constant going forward. ASPs for sensors remained within our stated range of $70 to $75 per sensor, and the ASP for our hardware is approximately $800 to $850 per starter kit. Finally, our international business continued to grow and now represents slightly more than 15% of our revenues. Research and development expense totaled $19.8 million for Q1 of 2015 compared to $14.5 million in Q1 of 2014, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related costs and expenses related to work on our near-term product pipeline and work on our advanced product pipeline. Sequentially, R&D expense was down $1.8 million. However, we remind investors that R&D expense can be variable quarter-to-quarter, and we still expect that R&D expense for the full year will be up approximately 25% on a GAAP basis versus 2014, and approximately 15% on a cash basis. And similar to prior years and consistent with our commitment to continued innovation, we may take on additional R&D expense if it will better position the business for the future. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $39.4 million in Q1 of 2015 compared to $27.6 million during the same quarter 2014. This increase was primarily related to increased head count in our sales organization, including both field sales and internal sales support staff, which was largely completed during Q1, and some increased IT infrastructure cost. It is also important to note that the year-over-year increase in SG&A expense included $4 million of increased non-cash share-based compensation expense. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2015 totaled $12.9 million and included $18.7 million in non-cash expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation, and amortization. Absent these non-cash charges, together with the impact of the deferred revenue and the increased cost of sales related to the G4 PLATINUM with Share launch, our cash based net income was $9.3 million for Q1. This compares quite favorably to a cash based net loss of $500,000 in Q1 last year. We also remind investors that, going forward, we expect share based compensation expense to be approximately $21 million to $22 million per quarter through the balance of 2015. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.17. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $84 million in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $26 million over Q1 of 2014. Looking forward we remain comfortable with our fiscal 2015 revenue guidance of $340 million to $360 million. And before I turn the call back to Kevin, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the outstanding work by our quality and regulatory teams in guiding DexCom through an FDA inspection last week. The inspection resulted in no observations or findings by the FDA as part of our biannual QSIT audit and the inspection also clears the warning letter issued back in 2013, great work by the team. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Kevin for a business update.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you Steve. Well the biggest event in Q1 was the launch of the G4 PLATINUM Receiver with Share, a huge milestone for DexCom and for our patients. Since that launch, we've been flooded with phone calls and e-mails regarding the benefits of connectivity and sharing data. Several parents have related stories to us regarding their ability to identify serious low readings of their children, many of them away at college and help those loved ones properly treat their diabetes. We've also received extremely positive feedback regarding data display on the phone for patients. Again, we're hearing I don't take my Receiver out of my pocket or my backpack or my purse. I just look at my phone and I love it. With Apple's launch last week, several fortunate DexCom patients have received their Apple Watch and are viewing glucose information on yet another new platform. We're already getting more screen shots from enthusiastic patients and caretakers following their loved ones. For the Android community, our Android DexCom Follow App is scheduled to be released in early summer. This has always been our goal, give our patients and their caregivers glucose information whenever and wherever they want it. The DexCom G4 PLATINUM Receiver with Share is only the beginning in a stream of innovation that will drive our growth for the next several years and we believe that today is an appropriate time to provide a deeper look into our future plans. Let's start with Gen 5. As I stated in my opening remarks, the G5 mobile system was filed with the FDA in February of this year. We have had excellent dialogue with the agency regarding the G5 mobile filing and we expect to receive FDA approval and launch the G5 mobile system later this year. We believe that this system will truly make the smartphone the center of the diabetes universe for our patients and will completely change the DexCom patient experience. The key component of this system is a smart transmitter. The algorithm currently running on the receiver will instead reside in the transmitter. The smart transmitter will directly send a glucose value via Bluetooth low energy to up to two devices. Patients will no longer be required to carry a receiver for connectivity, excuse me  as they do now. The signal will go straight to the smartphone. The user-interface for this system has been completely redesigned to take advantage of mobile platform visualization. While our first product offerings are iOS based, we plan to develop G5 mobile apps for display on a number of platforms and devices, giving patients and their caregivers a tremendous amount of flexibility. The G5 mobile system also incorporates the capabilities of our FDA approved Share platform. With data from our patients going directly to our secure servers, we look forward to the day when we can offer patients, payers, and healthcare professionals advanced analytics to improve outcomes for everyone. We will have a tremendous opportunity to partner with other healthcare entities to include this data in a complete health profile, and are in discussions with many such partners right now. The G5 mobile platform will have a significant impact on DexCom as well. The G5 mobile system utilizes our FDA-approved G4 PLATINUM sensor with the improved 505 algorithm so there will be no disruption in sensor operations for this launch. The G5 mobile system can impact our revenue models in a number of ways. We believe that this system will be a major catalyst in driving new patient growth, therefore increasing our revenues. We also feel that the improved patient interface and data sharing capability of the system could have a positive impact upon patient retention and sensor utilization. Currently, we believe that the FDA will require each new patient to purchase a DexCom Receiver, which will more than likely be used as a backup. Receiver upgrade revenues will probably decrease since the Gen 4 PLATINUM Receiver with Share will be compatible with G5 mobile and existing patients will more than likely utilize their iPhones and other smartphones as their primary receivers. Total transmitter revenue for a patient over a 12-month period will remain constant or possibly increase as the G5 smart transmitter has a shorter useful life than the current transmitter. Just to remind everyone, the SEVEN PLUS Transmitter had a labeled useful life of one year, the G4 PLATINUM transmitter has a labeled useful life of six months and the G5 mobile transmitter will have a labeled useful life of three months. Given the need to manufacture more transmitters per patient per year, we are initially anticipating increased costs on the transmitter front. However, we believe that over time we can eventually make the cost model of our future transmitters equal to the current model through increased volumes, new electronics designs and other manufacturing efficiency projects that are already in process. The shorter transmitter also provides the DexCom community with another benefit, upgrades to new platforms will be significantly shortened and much simpler. For example, when Gen 6 is launched, the Gen 6 smart transmitter with its corresponding app will be available to all existing patients during their normal purchasing cycles within a few short months. Shifting to Gen 6, we expect to conduct a pre-pivotal with our next-generation sensor this summer. After that pre-pivotal study, we will finalize our IDE with pivotal studies coming after that. We currently see Gen 6 as a first half 2017 commercial launch, but that timing could change based on a number of factors. Gen 6 will be an extended wear sensor, most likely 10 days. Extended sensor life will provide us with yet another opportunity to reevaluate our business model. Gen 6 will also have a reduced calibration scheme and a completely new algorithm architecture. Based upon the performance we have seen with the sensor to date and the capabilities of our next generation algorithm platform, we believe that calibrations could be completely eliminated with this future system. However, as we work with the FDA on a non-injunctive claim for our current sensor platform, and as we work with the various artificial pancreas groups around the globe, we've come to recognize that it may be prudent to require the safety of some fingerstick confirmations during a sensor session. So as the Gen 6 sensor evolves, we may end up with multiple product offerings levering the same core sensor technology with different algorithms, different user interfaces, and different labeling. For example, think of an AP sensor that is labeled for use as part of an automated system, but still requires calibration for safety. And a non-AP sensor with a different algorithm, a different user interface, that would not require calibration, but might have a different labeled indication. Ultimately, we do plan to eliminate fingersticks for all indications, but that will take some time and some more experience. The other thing that the Gen 6 platform will offer the company is the ability to expand into other markets, diagnostics for non-insulin using Type 2s, hospitals, pregnancy, even pre-diabetes and obesity. The performance and future cost reduction features of this system combined with the connectivity and data features carried over from previous generations will provide us with tremendous opportunities in the future. Not to be lost in all of the Gen 5 and Gen 6 discussions, are our efforts to make improvements in our products that will affect the current system and several generations of products thereafter. Activities related to an insulin dosing plan for our current system continue with the FDA. The agency has been extremely thoughtful and progressive in this area. We're also actively working on similar labeling in the O-U.S. markets. We're also making good progress on the next insertion system, a lower cost, higher quality, Wi-Fi enabled receiver and several generations of transmitters, all designed to be more convenient for our patients, and to reduce costs and improve reliability for DexCom. Shifting to our integration partnerships, Johnson & Johnson reported positive feedback regarding the launch of Animas Vibe in the U.S. during its earnings call a few weeks back. Tandem continues to have discussions with the FDA regarding their integrated system and remains on track for a launch later in 2015. As we look to the next phase of our integration partnerships, display will be available on the pump or on the smartphone, again glucose where you want it. Our sharing capabilities will also be enabled. Current plans for future integrated systems using our advanced technologies will call for them to do more than display glucose values on a pump. We are committing future technology to these partners only if they can commit to develop products that go beyond their display and offer some measure of insulin control based on CGM data. We've also committed to provide additional support to these partners, provided they're willing to step up and develop these type of advanced systems. Innovation at DexCom is not limited to product development. We have committed to simplify our distribution channel and efforts in that area are progressing nicely. We continue to make progress on the pharmacy benefit front, executing some important contracts this quarter. Legislation has been introduced into both the House and Senate for Medicare CGM coverage and we will continue to pursue the legislative path as well as several others paths to make CGM available to this ever-growing and vulnerable Type 1 population. Just to remind everyone the majority of these Medicare patients had private insurance coverage up to age 65 and after that, most of them are paying 100% of their CGM costs out of pocket. We've made progress with several Medicaid plans with 10 states now having coverage for CGM and others which have opened up, policy review. CGM awareness continues to grow, particularly with all of the positive feedback received on the Gen 4 PLATINUM Receiver with Share integrated with the various Apple platforms. As Steve said earlier on the call, we have completed our sales expansion for the year, but with groundbreaking connectivity and the anticipated launch of G5 mobile later this year, we will be making larger scale investments on the awareness side throughout the rest of the year. I'd now like to open things up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have a question from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And good afternoon. Kevin, I want to start with the comment you made in your upfront remarks, just talking about patient growth relative to revenue growth, and I forget how you phrased it. But I think you may have even used the word exceptional, but the comment was that patient growth this quarter was actually far outstripping revenue growth. So maybe you can just clarify what exactly you said and shed some light on what's happening there?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know Mike, I was pretty proud that I gave that much detail, but what I said is our revenues grew 55%, our new patient growth exceeded that number. So if you compare the new patients we added in Q1 of last year, we added more than 55% more than we added last year.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the incremental momentum that you think you're seeing, is that in pediatrics or do you have enough of a sense to be able to identify where it's coming from?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's all across the board. Pediatrics has been very helpful, but we had pediatrics, I believe  I don't know that we had it in Q1 last year...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: February of last year.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We had it in Q1 of last year. So it's across the board.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, can you just help  you covered so much on this call, I kind of want to understand a little bit about the comments you made on your partners  on the insulin delivery side. You made a comment talking about how you're working with the partners and I think, you said you were only going to be supplying the CGM integration capability to companies that basically had a bigger vision, that were looking to do more than dual display. Could you just expand on that?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah, Mike. This is Steve, I'll take this one. So, let's talk first and foremost with Gen 5, we moved display to the mobile phone. We've already heard with  even with G4 PLATINUM with Share, nobody is pulling out their receivers anymore. People are ecstatic about interacting with their CGM on the phone. So, our belief, and I think our partners by and large share this belief that once the data is on the mobile phone nobody is going to pull out their pump just to look at their CGM readings. So, going forward what we're saying to the partners, and I think most of the partners are understanding and on board with this, for advanced technologies, and moving beyond Gen 5, think Gen 6 and beyond, that they've got to do something with the sensor data other than just display it. Because, I mean, these projects, they're work for us for our R&D teams too and to put a bunch of resources forward for something that's really not that necessary for a display only, is just not something that we are interested in going forward. So the comment really just said, partners, you need to step up and commit resources to doing something  not necessarily calling it an artificial pancreas, but something more automated with sensor doing some sort of control of the pump before you're going to get access to our future technologies.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know and I'll just add one comment to Steve's, Mike. I also said we'd do more to support them and we will. We'll be involved in  if we're going to make more automated systems and systems that do more, we probably know as much about algorithms given our experience with all these artificial pancreas groups as anybody in the world. So, we  as these companies make their commitments, we will make commitments with them.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then let me ask you just on, so if G5 is approved later this year, can you just talk about the transition for the company from  from G4 to G5 and any incremental thoughts on how that's going to play out and how long that takes?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, it'll happen the day  as soon as we get approval, it'll be very similar to the Gen 4 launch before. We'll go very quickly, provided we don't get an approval two months ahead of where we planned getting it like we got with this Receiver. Now our G4 PLATINUM with Share Receivers have the capability to receive the Gen 5 transmitter signal through a software revision, so those patients aren't going to have to buy new Receivers to get the Gen 5 transmitter. They can go directly to that. That transmitter will speak directly to a phone. Patients will have to download the new app. We're not planning on charging for the app for Gen 5. With respect to sensor manufacturing, it is a G4 PLATINUM sensor, the transmitter is the same  to start, the transmitter is going to be a similar form factor to the G4 transmitter. So we're not going to have to change anything operationally. We'll be producing the exact same sensor, so it's going to be all systems go from day one.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And but the transmitter, that's going to be basically every three months, a patient will need a new transmitter, starting with G5?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's what it's labeled for. Our current one is labeled every six months and we know some of our patients get a lot longer than six months out of it. This one will be labeled for three months use, because a Bluetooth radio requires a lot more energy and we did not feel like going a bunch bigger for the patients. So, we want to keep the same footprint.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. Understood. We have a lot more questions, but we'll let some others jump in. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Plovanic from Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good evening. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I am just going to have one question here in a couple parts. But it really focuses on the whole shift to the pharmacy benefit, and I'm just wondering, can you help us understand how this is going to impact the business, maybe step back and say short-term, what are the pros and cons, and then longer-term how does this play out and impact the overall business?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, longer-term  I'll start with longer term. Longer term, it's going to be much easier for our patients and for us and for everybody involved because if you can go to Rite-Aid or Walgreens or wherever and pick up your sensors and your transmitter every three months, possibly as a bundled package, that makes life much easier. Pharmacy copays are typically lower than DME deductibles and all the other things involved in that cycle. That will make things much better for the patients. Over the long-term for us quite honestly that will reduce the number of distributors that we manage and ship product to. We will still have some business always in DME as we look out over three years to five years, at probably a 70% to 30% ratio, that would be our goal, pharmacy versus DME to do that. With respect to pricing, we're in the middle of negotiating pricing contracts for pharmacy benefit, and pricing is  it's going to be different. It's negotiated differently. But what people tend to forget is we already sell to distributors and give part of our price away to them to begin with, so it's going to balance out over time and what we hope to do is keep pricing relatively constant over time and we go to great measures to evaluate each and every one of these contracts. And what they do from an operating expense perspective, we think it could be a huge impact for us because we just can't keep  we can't go lease building to deal with all the phone calls on the DME side, it is not a scalable business model for us over time given how many patients we're going to add and use this product. So we feel the need to as I often say change before you have to and we'll push the business in that direction.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then, just help us from the near-term, as you're making this transition what's  where are you today in terms of how much of the business is going through PMBMs today? And then how does this impact the P&L short-term? Is this going to cause, I think you said longer-term pricing will stay constant, but is there going to be initial incremental cost or lower pricing upfront or anything we should be thinking about as you go through this?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well we've been moving business through that channel and pricing on an overall basis really hasn't changed. We don't disclose the percentage that we moved. We are going to give everybody really more of a report card on this later on in the fall, as some of the contracts we're in the process of negotiating fall into place which will have an effect on our business probably going forward for the rest of the year. Short-term it hasn't affected us much yet and I don't think it'll have much effect 2015, because I don't think we can push enough of the business there to really have a big impact. So we'll see how it goes in 2016, but again let's not forget something else. Then we go to a ten day sensor, so if we can get ten days of reimbursement for a sensor versus seven days for a sensor, that certainly would eclipse anything we would lose on the pharmacy benefit front. So as we go through these business evolutions, we're contemplating a whole bunch of variables while we do this.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then just clarification, the 10 day sensor that was part of the G6 was it not or will that be a amendment to the G5?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, that will be a Gen 6 sensor not Gen 5.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Which is a 2017 event from your comments?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's where it's scheduled for today.
William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's all I had, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Few questions for you if I might. It appears from the commentary Kevin on the patient adds that you had obviously a very strong quarter there and to fit the total revenues with the 30% contribution from hardware inside what you reported, does that suggest you had a bit more seasonality and purchasing for sensors this quarter?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, we always have in the first quarter  our existing patients don't buy as many sensors as they buy in other quarters because a lot of them have loaded up in December when all their copays and deductibles and all the other stuff has been met and they still have their flexible spending accounts. So you have an increase in hardware purchased that's driven to a large extent by new patients who buy receivers and transmitters in Q1 and then buy some sensors and we have some other sensor purchases, but the rest of the upgrade cycle is a little slower in Q1. So that's how the 30:70 ratio remains relatively consistent from Q4 to Q1.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: But remember, one thing we commented on in our year end call a couple months ago was that we've gotten much much better at processing and pushing product out the door and what we commented on the last call is that we did an exceptional job in Q4 of pushing everything we possibly could.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Could out the door.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: In terms of sensor disposables, so...
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Sure. Well, I mean, my specific point is, I had 30% patient growth baked into our model to drive towards 360. And if I grow patients at 56% I got to cut sensors in Q1 and it's a bear to hold the model at 360, because then the sensor mix drops down to about 25%  or the durable mix drops to about 25% for the balance of the year. So my patient numbers for the balance of the year are either really, really too low or you got a spike in patient adds in Q1 and it's going to drop off in Q2 because you had the launch. So, do you think you're going to grow patients sequentially in Q2? Patient adds?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, our plans would currently indicate that, how much they grow over Q2 of last year I wouldn't talk about today. But our team is certainly looking forward to adding more patients in Q2 than we did in Q1.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The hardware mix, Ben, is also going to be affected with the Gen 5 launch, because then new patients, the new patients may buy receivers but the new receiver upgrade cycle is going to go away, or it's not going to go away it's just going to decrease a lot. So, all these factors are going to affect the business model throughout the rest of the year.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Right. But is it your intention to maintain roughly the same hardware revenue per patient or total revenue per patient as you switch to the shorter live transmitter?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: I think the revenues  the hardware revenue could go up slightly, but we also think that there could be one of the comments in Kevin's prepared remarks was that, we think that sensor utilization could go up with Gen 5, because we think there is going to be a stronger compliance particularly in the pediatric segment. I think hardware revenues from a transmitter perspective could go up slightly.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. But we won't get the receiver updates that we had in the past.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: The receiver replacement cycle was 12 months to 18 months, probably extends out because people are going to keep their receiver at home in their briefcase, backpack, desk. They're just not going to use it as much so they're not going to need to replace it.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Of course.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So we'd like to keep patient revenue the same but the split will probably change, so the 30:70 mix as you look at Gen 5 will probably start moving down closer to 25.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. That's fair.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That would be what we would anticipate.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: That would be there.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: And then Kevin, how do you think about the dosing claim in terms of either timing or size of clinical studies and when can we expect an update on that because absent the  along with the calibration progress that's an important one for you?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It is very important and this is largely a function of our meetings and discussions with the agency and we're still in the middle of discussing clinical study sizes and efforts. I would tell you the biggest effort here, one of the big efforts is going to be human factors because when we have a claim that you can dose insulin with this device, we have to make sure the user interface and the manuals and the training and everything actually teach someone how to use the system and how to dose insulin from it. So we're headed into some new ground here. I don't have timing for you today. We'll upgrade that more at the end of the Q2 call but I think it's going to be something we work on as we go. And it is independent of the Gen 5 filing. It's independent of the Gen 5 launch. We're going to have to prepare user guides and cut over to that claim at some point in time but we've kept that effort independent of the core technologies.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then last thing for me is the applicator, is that still kind of early 2016 or has that  is that changed?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's certainly  it's certainly  we're hopeful for 2016. It does change depending a lot upon Gen 6 timing, depending upon dosing claim timing, depending upon how we do with Gen 5, it's a little bit fluid. We have run studies on the applicator system and they have gone extremely well so our design is very much locked down right now and now it's a question of how quickly can we scale up. (35:47)
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brooks West from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Guys, I wanted to circle back to the commentary around the pump partnerships just so I'm clear. The  if you think about even how far ahead you guys are in terms of your technology versus the pump partners. Does it really, especially with G5 on the horizon, does it really matter given what we know about the current generation pumps and even the next generation pumps if those partnerships exist or not in terms of driving pump sales, because your system almost works better independently and if I'm correct with that thought, then what  obviously short of an artificial pancreas but what do you need to see from the pump guys to really invest more in those relationships?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, Brooks, we have been involved with enough research projects that we know automated insulin delivery is going to come. Medtronic spends an inordinate amount of time talking about that how, about their 640G, their 670G and their future products. We want a product in that space. We want a partner to be in that space. We think we can help that group of patients who truly want some type of control, maybe just during the night time, maybe during the day. However they want to configure it, control within a range, there are a number of studies going on. And we do believe in the pump market, those products are going to be important. We believe our partners can get there, but we don't want to go back and spend a bunch of time re-engineering the Gen 4 or Gen 5 system and continue to have to support it and build it for another 10 years to support somebody who gets a sensor-augmented pump approved in three years. So we're going to  we're pushing to go faster. We're pushing to go to our future platforms and we're offering to help. We're prepared to run the business. Our models are as a standalone to a large extent internally certainly for the short-term period but we think as we look out over 10 years and become a force in the diabetes world, bigger than we are, we need products offerings and the fact is patients deserve the best sensor technology, they're not going to get it someplace else.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. So but  that makes a lot of sense but Kevin do you agree with the statement that maybe over the next year to even three years, it's a nice marketing statement to say a DexCom on board, but does it really drive pump sales? And then would you  you get this question from time to time but would you entertain entering the pump business on your own? Thanks.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're not in the pump business today. Call us when we're at $2 billion, $3 billion in sensor revenue and we'll think about it. With respect to the pump partners I do think display on their pumps is going to be helpful in the short-term because people do want integrated solutions with DexCom. I think over the next couple of years as we evolve our products faster than they're able to do, it will be a little problematic for them, but we'll work with them. We'll make these relationships work as best we can.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. This is Mike Rich calling in for Jason. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yep.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. First off, you mentioned the very strong in the user growth in the first quarter, I'm wondering if J&J's Vibe provided a significant contribution to that growth, and if so, can you give us an idea how much?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It helped. But I wouldn't call it significant.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It helped. But it wasn't a large percentage of it. No.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then, can you give us an idea what percent of the user base either purchased or upgraded to the Share Receiver in the first quarter and what the pipeline for upgrades looks like going forward?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've got certainly as we discussed in the financial section, the upgrades that we promise for free, we have everything  all the revenue on that deferred and that program will be completed by the end of the second quarter. Other people's receivers will upgrade over the course of their normal upgrade cycle if they choose to and that's just part of our normal sales. We don't have a schedule for that and nor could I tell you what percentage  or would we disclose what percentage of our patients did upgrade in this quarter.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just anecdotally, does it feel like people are accelerating a receiver upgrade that maybe they'd be due for a few months from now or are they just going to go through the normal lifecycle of a receiver?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what we've learned over time here is our patient community is very pressed on the cost side. And to accelerate an upgrade and pay more than you would pay with a copayer deductible is not something most of our patients do. Now we have had some pediatric patients in particular the day this thing was announced call up and say I got to have this tomorrow, but that isn't a majority of them. We even learned with Gen 4 when we launched that back in 2012, we offered reduced price upgrades and several things, and not that many people took advantage of them. So, I don't see that as going crazy. I think it'll typically between  happen during the normal course of use and during normal purchasing patterns.
Michael R. Rich - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. So, just a quick clarification. I think last quarter, you'd said the starter kit was around $850 to $900, and in this quarter you said it was a little bit lower, it was $800 to $850. Is that more of international, U.S. or ...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: No, it's a combination of things. It's a combination of mix between  in the U.S., we sell a portion of our business direct through payer contracts and a portion through distribution. We sell 100% through distribution. Depends on the mix of distributors in a given quarter  our mix  the insurance plan pricing varies, not dramatically, but it varies enough to move the needle. So, that's all that's going on there.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And you didn't mention the potential price of the G5 transmitter. Is that going to be at the same levels or...?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: No. We haven't disclosed anything regarding pricing for G5 yet.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: What we did say is the cash flow of transmitter revenues on an annual basis should be...
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Should be the same if not a little bit more than they were on Gen 4. But all that stuff has to cycle through our payer arrangements and everything, so that's going to take time.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And then just lastly, with the expedited access program the FDA just implemented, how does that factor into your prior discussions with FDA around the insulin dosing claim?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our discussions with the FDA have been very aggressive on the dosing or non-injunctive claim from when we started earlier this year, so I don't know if that's the initiative that sparked their interest or got us talking more about that, but they have been very progressive and we have very routine dialogues with them on it. So I don't  I can't attribute it to that or anything else other than, they know that patients use our sensor to dose, they see patients in the FDA who wear our system and who use it to dose and so they want to put some parameters around that type of activity.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: But it's not as if you (43:56) have to apply to that program, get accepted and then pursue -
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We haven't applied to anything like that.
Tao L. Levy - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Rodriguez from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Ryan Blicker filling in for Shaun. Thanks for taking my question. So thanks for all the pipeline commentary, that was very helpful. Going back to the backlog commentary you made, how successful you were at clearing the backlog exiting Q4, you also noted the backlog was especially strong exiting February. Can you provide an update on how the backlog progressed throughout the end of the quarter and did you exit the quarter with similar strength?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our pipeline is great.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. And shifting to international you mentioned in the past that international patients tend to utilize the sensors less frequently than U.S. patients. Can you provide an update on where sensor utilization is per patient per month maybe if available in your core European markets like Germany, Sweden, the Netherlands and Italy, and do you have an idea for where CGM penetration is in these markets?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: No, I mean to be honest we don't have great visibility. We only have I think three international employees at this point, maybe four.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Four, we just added our fourth.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: We have four. All of our business internationally is through distribution so we don't get great visibility into  we're making estimates based on discussions with distributors and selling patterns into clinics and what not but we really don't have a good sense of what the utilization is. We know that in Europe there is a much more predominant use of the system as a professional use system, meaning that the clinic or the hospital or the doctor's office owns the hardware and then uses it with multiple patients on a more periodic basis, but we just don't have great visibility there.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. Then one last quick one. What should we expect for timing of the pediatric indication for the G4AP algorithm, and do you know if that algorithm is available for international patients yet?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That algorithm is not available for international patients yet. We're working on when exactly to drop that in. With respect to pediatrics, we continue to have an open dialogue with the FDA on that. The study results and our filing has been in for a reasonable amount of time, but certainly not to the point where we're concerned about timing. The dialogue has been ongoing. It should be available little bit later this year, probably in the first half of this year.
Ryan Blicker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was hoping we could talk about the pipeline a little bit more and how we think about the ramp of G5 and then G6 in 2017 if it comes in. You guys have said in the past that these new product cycles are sort of meant to sustain the 40% product growth that you've talked about. But now in the early days with integrated systems, the Share wireless, do you think that  do you still stick to that 40% long term growth number? Do you think that it could actually be better than that?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, we will stick to 40% and if we do better like we did this quarter, that is great. Everybody forgets 40% growth means you double every two years, that's a lot of growth and that's a lot to sustain. I do think we need these new products and these new platforms to expand our markets to get different types of patients, to get more new patients, to get on new patients more quickly, but again if we double our business every two years that is a lot of growth to manage for anybody. So we'll stick to that and if acceleration continues like this, we'll be thrilled. I mean, we kept up with over 50% growth for something like 10 quarters in a row without a back order. I don't think there are many companies who can do that, so kudos to our team. And we'll just keep driving to keep doing that, but we'll just have to see.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's fair. And then, I was wondering if you guys could give an update on where we sort of are with the Type 2 patient population not to get greedy but much longer term of course that's a potentially massive market. I know you guys have some coverage there. Where are we with CGM in Type 2 patients? Thanks so much.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We are gradually and slowly increasing the use of CGM for insulin using Type 2 patients. And many of our payer contracts are now being renegotiated to cover all insulin using patients which would cover the insulin using Type 2s. One of the problems with this is a lot of those are Medicare patients and we don't get to play in that space right now. As we look out over time and other Type 2 patients who may not be on insulin or who may be needing to make the choice to go on insulin, we really think and particularly as you look at Gen 6 and all the cost improvement models that we are working on with transmitters, insertion devices and all our new products as well that we can offer something very, very economical and a wonderful platform for Type 2s for intermittent use diagnostics, pre-diabetes diagnostics, evaluating the effectiveness of drugs. We have a reasonably sized, not a huge but a reasonably sized sales effort for clinical studies for diabetes drugs. And some of these drugs when you see how they affect Type 2 patients, on the CGM, it is  it's pretty remarkable. And the glucose curves go down very rapidly with these compounds. There is no better way to titrate these compounds, there is no better way to determine which ones are effective and which ones aren't, than a CGM warn for a couple of weeks. As we go to extended wear, as we go to possibly disposable transmitter and some of  and no calibrations, some of the other things we're doing, we think we can play in it very nicely. But it's going to be a little while. We've got enough road to hoe with insulin using Type 2s and Type 1s today. That'll be our focus and then over time we'll move to the others.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Todochek (50:26) from CRT Capital. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks. Just a couple quick ones. Number one, I'm assuming definition of new user is number of starter kits sold, is that still correct?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Definition for us of a new user is somebody who hasn't purchased a starter kit from us ever, or like maybe a two year gap or something like that, yeah, some long period of time, so.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: (50:50) for some long period of time
Unknown Speaker: Okay.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Because you remember, a starter kit could still go to an out of warranty patient if the insurance company will approve both the starter kit and another transfer.
Unknown Speaker: That's why I ask.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: Can you talk about market share, where are the new users coming from? Are they Medtronic, distant franchise Medtronic users, are these new  are they new to CGM? I'm just trying to figure out where this big large bolus of new users are coming from.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: They're coming from everywhere. We're still getting a nice chunk of MDI patients. Certainly we find that again there are some Animas users, certainly in the new patient group, certainly more new Animas users this quarter than there have been in other periods because of the Vibe launch, Tandem patients, Insulet patients, many of those patients using our pumps  I mean our sensors. I don't think disenchanted Medtronic users are the biggest factor in our growth, but I can tell you I have seen independent marketing data that says that we  while we were losing all our  a lot of our patients to 530G when it came out with respect to wearing DexCom sensors, the percentage of 530G patients now using DexCom sensors is beginning to increase. That's from an independent source, not from what we have here, so we're picking some of that up as well, it is across the board.
Unknown Speaker: And what do you think the percentage of Type 1s in the U.S. use a CGM?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: It's 15%.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Between 10% and....
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah, 10% and 15%.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And Kevin do you know when a Vibe user switches on a G4 and they order, do you see that or do you just see a new user and you don't know where it's coming from? And the reason I ask is J&J was talking about the Vibe a little bit more than usual. It's no longer a dead product for them and I'm assuming it has to do with you guys. Can you expand on that a little bit?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah, this is Steve, I'll take this one. So, you're right J&J in their earnings call and even subsequent to that has commented that the Vibe is actually helping their sales in the U.S. so I think in response  I think it was Brooks that asked the question about the impact of CGM on pump sales. I think J&J has acknowledged that it has helped. But you're right that we  when we look at our patient base  when we look at our pump portion of our patient base, certainly a big chuck of them were Animas Vibe users previously. And so, when they come in we would not count them as a new patient. That would not be a net new patient to us. That would be just a patient who would continue to buy G4 PLATINUM sensors but now they can connect their transmitter directly to the pump.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And they did purchase a new Vibe pump so they can be  have an integrated system. So I  there certainly were some of those sales as well.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: And do you think that would drop off a little when G5 comes around?
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: I don't know.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know. We'll just have to see.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. But it's certainly helping sell more pumps for J&J.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, as long as we stay on every one of these calls, as long as we sell more sensors, we're happy.
Unknown Speaker: Right. And in terms of buying a pump company, if you said yes, I know Terry would have reached out from wherever he is and strangled you, but we'll leave it at that.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Fortunately Terry is on an airplane and he cannot reach me at this point in time.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks, guys.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Great. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Shoger from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hi. Thanks, guys. I wanted to just drill down on one comment you made earlier about awareness and I think you said making some investments in awareness, and I just want to clarify what  first, what you mean? What that comment meant more generally?
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, we've spent a lot of time in marketing and sales dollars on marketing to the healthcare provider and healthcare professional community, you're going to see over the next year we're going to go to those people. Everybody understands what an iPhone looks like, everybody understands sharing data, they understand what iWatch's look like beautiful, that iWatch app is beautiful. If you can look at the user digitalization on that. We have tried to some pilot programs to go more direct to consumer into magazines, into newspapers, we even tried a little bit of a directed television stuff to see what we can do. We're going to get bigger and go out to broader bases. We need to take this message to the people.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: So, should I take that to mean doctors maybe not intentionally but are holding it back a little bit, I mean certainly the new patient growth was through the moon this quarter, but obviously I think there is more that could be done to drive additional adoption.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Doctors are doing fine but we think more can be done to drive additional adoption as patients become more aware and we need to drive some of that awareness. One of the most effective ways for patients to get on CGM is to have them walk into the doctor's office and say I've seen this, I would like this. And we learned that like, Terry and I learned that way back when in our pump days as we drove awareness with some very focused campaigns and we're going to start doing some of that here. So stay tuned, you'll see.
Erik Ross Shoger - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks for the  thanks for the clarity.
Steven Robert Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development: Thanks Erik.
Operator: I show no questions at this time.
Kevin Ronald Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. All right then, I'll just offer a few concluding remarks and everybody, we can all have a great day. This was a great quarter for DexCom, our revenues increased by approximately $26 million and even though our financials are a little bit fuzzy here with the launch and the charges we had to take as adjusted our net income on a cash basis was $10 million higher than it was a year ago. So in essence get pretty close to 35% of everything that we increased on the top-line. Our business model is working very well in spite of significant investments on the commercial and on the product development side. We've always believed that mobile platforms would be a key in moving this company to the next level. It's happening as we speak. We've also taken on a lot of infrastructure this quarter. We've opened up a new building and we're increasing our manufacturing capacity seamlessly. Finally as you can tell from our enthusiasm on our product pipeline, it's progressing at an amazing pace. Our commitment to our patients is unparalleled and will never go away, you can continue to expect great things from us. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Pacelli - Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development Kevin Sayer - President, Chief Executive Officer Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ben Andrew - William Blair William Plovanic - Canaccord Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Brooks West - Piper Jaffray Jayson Bedford - Raymond James Tao Levy - Wedbush Shaun Rodriguez - Cowen and Company Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners Anthony Petrone - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Leslie, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kevin Sayer. Mr. Sayer, you may begin.
Kevin Sayer: Good afternoon, everyone. Well start off with Steve Pacelli reading our Safe Harbor statement.
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Kevin. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating result. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to those results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Kevin?
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer and Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Just being my first call as DexComs CEO I have decided to change the format slightly. Steve will start with a review of our detailed fourth quarter 2014 financial results and some commentary on 2015. I will then provide our customary operations update and obviously some concluding thoughts before opening the line for questions. But before I turn the call over to Steve, let start big. At the JPMorgan Healthcare conference in January, we announced Q4 and full year 2014 Product revenue of approximately $84 million and $257 million respectively. What we did not disclose at JPMorgan, well I am pleased to announce today is that for Q4 2014 we were profitable for the very first time on a GAAP basis. Yes, it happened. We have earnings per share. Im also very proud to announce that our G5 Mobile PMA Supplement all 15 volumes of it was filed earlier this week. What a greater confidence for our team and obviously weve fulfilled several exciting milestones here at DexCom. I actually thought about with my new title just handling the call right now and taking Q&A but I dont think we can do that. We have a lot more to talk about, so with that Ill turn it over to Steve.
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Kevin. DexCom generated $84.3 million in product revenue for the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to $51.3 million for the same quarter in 2013, a $33 million or 64% increase. Sequentially product revenue for Q4 of 2014 increased $16.4 million up 24% from the prior quarter. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $84.3 million compared to $51.7 million during the same quarter in 2013. Our product gross profit totaled $59.4 million generating a product gross margin of 70% for the fourth quarter of 2014, compared that to your product gross profit of $34.1 million and a product gross margin of 66% for the same quarter in the prior year. Sequentially, product gross margin for Q4 increased few margin points from the prior quarter. Although we are now achieving our gross margin targets of 70% to 75% on our sensor disposable and approximately 50% to 60% on our hardware. Going forward we will continue to seek improved gross margins, increased volumes, continued manufacturing improvements, continued shift in the sales mix to more disposables revenue and to cost savings in future product designs. However, in the first quarter of 2015 due to our typical seasonality together with the financial impact of the launch of our SHARE Receiver plant from March that we will discuss momentarily, we expect product gross margin to be down sequentially in Q1. We do expect margins to return to normal over the course of 2015. And final thoughts on our product revenue and our gross profit. During Q4 we added more new patients and sold more sensors than in any prior quarter. Just to add in perspective, our Q4, 2014 product revenue of $84 million was just shy of our full year 2012 product revenue at $93 million. Our mix between durable and consumable products remain steady approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable, the mix we expect to remain fairly constant going forward. ASP for sensors has stayed consistent at approximately $73 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware continued approximately $850 to $900 per starter kit. Finally, our international business continued to exceed our performance expectations in 2014 and it was up over 150% year-over-year and represented approximately 14% of product revenue in 2014. Research and development expense totaled $21.6 million for Q4 of 2014 compared to $12.6 million in Q4 of 2013 with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related cost and expenses related to work on a near term product pipeline and work on our advanced product pipeline. Sequentially R&D expense was up $3.1 million with the increase primarily due to activities related to our G5 mobile filing, work on our next generation applicator system, software app development and work on our advanced product pipeline. As we look to 2015 we expect that R&D expense for the full year will be up approximately 25% on a GAAP basis versus 2014 and less than 15% on a cash basis. Some expenses such as our overhead and share base compensation expense will increase as a cost of doing business. Additional increases will depend upon our development progress and regulatory timelines with respect to continued system performance improvement, including completion of our Gen 5 system, work on our advanced sensor programs, work on our mobile and cloud based data platforms and a variety of clinical trial opportunities we expect to execute here in 2015. Similar to prior years and consistent with our commitment to continued innovation we will consider additional R&D spending opportunities as they will better position the business for the future. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $36.2 million in Q4 of 2014 compared as to $23.8 million during the same quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily related to the increased headcount in our sales organization including both yield sales and internal sales support staff, increased sales commissions resulting from our robust product sales during the quarter and increased marketing expenses. Just as a reminder, we are growing our U.S. sales team by 20% to 25% with continued additional investment on the distribution channel team and our in-house support staff. Much of our 2015 sales expansion was completed by the end of fiscal 2014 and the remainder will be completed by the end of Q1, 2015. We have also targeted several key international sales and marketing hirers for 2015. It is also important to note that the year-over-year increase in SG&A expense includes $4.5 million of increased non-cash share based compensation expense. As we look to fiscal 2015 we anticipate an increase in SG&A expense of approximately 25% on a GAAP basis and approximately 20% on a cash basis. The increase will be driven primarily by sales and marketing investments I discussed previously as well as IT and related infrastructure investments to support our growth. The increase will also include expense related due to an additional 90,000 square foot facility adjacent to our headquarters at San Diego that we leased in Q4, 2014. Finally the increase will include additional non-cash share based compensation expense largely resulting from our higher share price. Our net income for the fourth quarter of 2014 totaled $1.3 million and included $17.4 million in non-cash expense, centered in share based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these non-cash charges, cash operating income was $19 million for Q4 and was $37 million for fiscal 2014. For Q4, that cash based, cash based operating income number represents 23% of our sales. Our business model was achieving the success we have always envisioned, obviously we are quite pleased with our cash operating results as this compares quite favorably to our cash based operating income for fiscal 2013 from $5 million. Our earnings per share for the quarter were $0.02. With respect to our balance sheet we entered the fourth quarter with $84 million in cash and marketable securities up approximately $9 million sequentially. I would like further discussion of our financial results with some thoughts on Q1 and 2015. At JPMorgan we gave product revenue guidance for 2015 of between $340 million to $360 million and we remain quite comfortable with that range. While we do not provide specific quarterly guidance, I remind investors that the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter for our businesses and new insurance deductibles we said to flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded. As a result our patients typically purchase as much product as they can during the fourth quarter and based on reported Q4 sales you can see that 2014 was no exception. Add to that the fact that we have become much more efficient in our processing capabilities we were quite successful during Q4 filings virtually every rotor in the pipeline taking care of those patients who could purchase at year end with little or no out of pocket expense. Of course that means at the start of 2015 we need to rebuild our new patient pipeline and we often experience some delay in sensor and transmitter re-orders by existing patients who loaded in December. As we look to further out February, however, I am pleased to report that our pipeline of new patient opportunities is larger than it has ever been. To add some final additional color I remind investors that in years passing within year 2014 approximately 40% to 45% of our product revenue was generated in the first half of the year and 55% to 60% was generated in the second half and we do not view 2015 any differently. Q1 is typically represented around 20% of our revenue for the year and 2014 Q1 revenue represented only 18%. I also like to take this opportunity to give some color on the Q1 financial impact of our sooner than expected FDA approval of our SHARE Receiver, as this approval will affect both our product revenues and our gross profits for Q1. We announced that all U.S. patients who purchased a G4 PLATINUM system from January 1 until the launch of the SHARE Receiver will receive a free upgrade to the SHARE Receiver. This program requires us to differ a portion of our G4 PLATINUM revenue until we ship the upgrade receiver. We also announced that we would ship a SHARE Receiver free of charge to any patient who previously purchased a share cradle. Additionally, we will be recording a charge to cost of sales for each of the upgrade receivers that we ship with no additional revenues. Consistent with past practices we will offer a low cash, cost low cost cash upgrades to the SHARE Receiver for those patients who were still on their warranty with their existing receiver. We set the cash upgrade price at $199. We expect to begin shipping SHARE Receiver in early March, but to the extent we are unable to ship the full allotment of receiver upgrades before the end of Q1 we will be required to defer revenue until we ship in Q2. Finally with respect to inventory and cost of goods sold we expect to write down certain and obsolete inventory related to our G4 PLATINUM receivers as a result of this approval. With that, Id now like to turn the call back over to Kevin for a business update. Kevin?
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Steve. For our business update today I would like to discuss several major initiatives for 2015. Lets start with innovation. On a worldwide basis we launched a total of five new products in 2014, compared to a total of three worldwide product launches in the previous two years combined. We are currently planning at least five more launches in 2015 and depending upon execution and regulatory time frames we can see that number go up to as many as ten product launches in 2015. Our nearest term innovation is the DexCom SHARE Receiver. Work on the receiver of this nature commenced more than two years ago, when we received the research grant from the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation to develop better Juveniles to support artificial pancreas research. We want to take the opportunity to recognize JDRF support of this project. This is a great example of how industry and research collaborations can greatly benefit both parties.  The SHARE Receiver uses his secure wireless connection via Bluetooth low energy or BLE between the patients receiver and an app on the patients smartphone to transmit glucose information to apps on the mobile devices of up to five designated recipients of ours. Initially the system will be compatible with the Apply iPhone, iPod touch or iPad but we plan to launch apps on an android platform later this year and on other devices like smartwatches including the apple watch. I am also pleased to note that the SHARE Receiver will be compatible with the G5 mobile system. As I stated in my opening remarks, we submitted our G5 mobile PMA supplement to the FDA earlier this week. We believe that this system will truly make the cell phone the center of diabetes universe for our patients. Some unique features of this system are the G5 mobile platform operates through a smart transmitter meaning glucose values are computed on the transmitter eliminating the need for a receiver. Glucose values will go directly from the transmitter to a patients mobile device. Patients will still be able to use receiver if they wish because the G5 smart transmitter can communicate with two manually enabled devices simultaneously, now patients will have a choice. The communication protocol will enable our system to display on a number of different platforms, glucose when you want it, and where you want it. The user interface with a G5 mobile platform is completely different from the current patient experience and anything seen before in diabetes. It looks very much like other apps in the mobile environment. We have conducted many, many, many hours of human factor studies to develop and refine our apps to best meet our patients needs. Finally, the G5 mobile system will take full advantage of all of the FDA approved data sharing capabilities of our share platform. While it is impossible to predict FDA timing, we are cautiously optimistic that this product will be available before year end. We also plan to introduce this platform in our major all U.S. markets with timing to be discussed in the future. Shifting to integration partnerships, I am pleased to report that Animas has initiated shipment of the Vibe in the U.S. and initial reports from the field suggest that patients are quite pleased with the user interface for CGM as displayed on the pump. Just yesterday Tandem reported that they have completed an FDA side inspection associated with their T-Slim G 4 PMA filing and are encouraged by the outcome. Tandem also reported that they are preparing for the launch during the second half of 2015. We recently returned from the annual Advanced Technologies and Treatments for Diabetes meeting in Paris last week. I brought the cold with me and would like to share some observations with you. With our recently launched 505 Software or G4 AP algorithm DexCom has truly set a new standard for CGM accuracy and system performance. This represents a major hurdle for all of our competitors. We met with several groups utilizing G4, CGM and developing closely and partially close with our efficient pancreas type systems. And a significant progress has been made by many of these groups, but the pathway to commercialization for many of these projects remains unclear and we will continually evaluate our own path to the artificial pancreas closely. With the worlds most accurate and reliable CGM system we intend to play in this arena. We left the meeting very confident that with execution of our plant, product portfolio we will remain the worlds leader in continues glucose monitoring. With our new insertion system, the G6 and other advanced sensor platforms, expanding connectivity with user-friendly apps and the ability to perform advanced analytics, one CGM and other diabetes data is in the cloud we believe we are position to lead this industry for a very, very long time. In addition to innovation, access and awareness are major initiatives for 2015.We have made much progress to make it easier for patients to gain access to CGM. We have frequently discussed our plan to migrate CGM coverage to a pharmacy benefit. In 2014, we laid the foundation to make significant progress in 2015 and beyond by putting in place several key PDM wholesale and regional payer contracts. We are currently in discussion with several major payers and plan to offer additional detail on these initiatives in future quarters. Increased access for our patients not only includes moving from DME benefit, pharmacy benefit, but it also include obtaining broader coverage from those plans that choose remain  to maintain CGM as DME benefit. We have succeeded in broadening coverage with several payers and introducing documentation to streamline processing. But the most consistent question we get in the field with respect to access is very simple. Where are you with Medicare? We continue to pursue both traditional and legislative pathways. Bills were introduced in the Congress last year with the elections and adjournment of Congress, no progress was made in past production. We expect the bill has to be reintroduce in early 2015. But we are not going to relying solely upon legislation. CMS was very clear with us that the product with non-adjunctive plan will be required to obtain Medicare coverage. So, we are planning the clinical study necessary to support this claim, in other words, to truly replace fingersticks for diabetes management decisions. We are actively engaged with the FDA and well update you on our progress in this area in future quarters. Finally, we recognize the need to expand our clinical study activity beyond simply supporting product approvals. Enrollment to our CGM first study entitled the DIAMOND study has commenced and will continue throughout the year. A large imbursement study is underway in Sweden and we have a study plan for Germany later this year. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to conduct additional studies to demonstrate the effectiveness to CGM as a most important tool in diabetes management today. All of these initiatives will lead to increase awareness. While we are making progress we still see awareness as a tremendous opportunity for future growth. Just last week we had an individual with Type 1 diabetes in our office for an interview.  The person is treated by San Diego-based Endocrinologist that we know very well. The person had not heard of DexCom or CGM until they were introduced to our company for potential employment and could not understand why CGM recommendation had not made for this person. Unfortunately these types of conversations happen far too frequently. The expansion of our sales team should certainly help with awareness as more sales staff will allow more frequent contact with healthcare providers and patients. We have also expanded our DTC advertising programs. Our mobile platforms also provide us with a great opportunity to increase awareness. Just look at the tremendous amount of press has been generated through discussion of our Apple mobile platforms. We will diligently look for opportunity to increase awareness and we will increase our investment as opportunities present themselves. Finally, I want to emphasize that all these efforts support the ultimate goal of scaling and simplifying our business activities.  New product must be more cost effective and more efficient than the products they replace. For example, our new insertion system has been design with a goal of fully automated assembly. Our Gen 6 manufacturing line eliminates many of the variables involved in the manufacturing of our current sensor. This is a key step in reducing and eventually when proven safe, eliminating calibrations all together. Improved access reach to more official sales process giving our sales team more and more time to spend with healthcare providers and patients and not just collecting documents thats been on the phone. The efforts of our sales process improvements were clearly demonstrated  excuse me, the success of our sales process improvements. Were clearly demonstrated with our incredible performance in Q4 2014. But we will continue to improve these processes. In conclusion, 2014 was an amazing year all the way around. We had over $100 million of revenue growth year-over-year and we were able to drop $30 million  more than $30 million of that to our cash based operating results. We brought an FDA approved CGM system to children all the way down to two years of age. Our G 4 AP Algorithm or Software 505 is known commercially, as truly set a single digit MARD accuracy standard for the entire industry and will become the foundation of our fingerstick replacement claims. Finally, our first data sharing platform was approved and launched via the SHARE Cradle, even though we rendered it obsolete just three months later with our SHARE receiver. We are moving fast, we move fast in 2014 and were going to move even faster in 2015. Ill now turn the call over  open the call up for Q&A
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question from Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. The first one from me I guess is, as you look at  as you said, stronger than ever pipeline for new patient flows. Is the contribution there similar to what you saw maybe six or 12 months ago or is it shifted relatively heavily towards Petes?
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I mean, Ben, were not to breakout the distribution between adult and Peds, what we said kind of earlier  at launch what we said was that, the education effort required a pediatric was slightly greater than we expected, even the education of parent and patients with their parent was taking a little longer than expected. By Q2 we felt like better kind of normalize what we disclose that is that we were tracking basically to what we thought was the ratio of adult to Peds in the U.S., so roughly 25% of our new patients as back in Q2. We said at the time that we werent going to break it out, because frankly internally a five-year old or 15 year old or 50 year old to us if they are on the system and using disposables, are basically look and feel like same patient. But I guess, Id summarize, by saying just our Peds ads are strong and were quite please with where we are at the pediatric [indiscernible].
Ben Andrew: Okay. And then do you expect the insertion device to be able with the G 5 platform, is that going to be in time?
Steve Pacelli: Not initially, as again we like to stop thinking about this and we said before  we like to lump everything into generations, but at the same time as you saw when we launch new algorithm, for example, with sort of in between generations if you will, were probably going to  were not necessarily Gen 6 may or may not have a new applicator could before or could slightly after the sensor is ready go and theres a lot of moving parts here. But it definitely wont be with Gen 5 I guess, thats a short answer.
Steve Pacelli: Now to start, Id answer that, of all the things we are doing operationally that is by far and away the most complex.
Ben Andrew: Sure. And see a lot of benefits as well, of course. But may talking about the pharmacy benefit, Kevin, I know this is important on a lot of different levels, but how much leverage can this create on kind of standalone basis a year end when youre fully implemented with pharmacy benefit, because obviously you eliminate lot of the back office function, you eliminate lot o paper work et cetera. And how does mix look several years and because youd refer to some DMEs function sticking around overtime with certain payers?
Kevin Sayer: Our long term goal is 70/30 split, 70% through the pharmacy, 30% through DME. It will take us a long time to get there. We  as Ive said in my remarks weve got a lot of major discussions going on right now. And I would tell you guys probably after the second quarter well give you more of an update as to where we are. We really dont want to give anything away. But people are very interested and were getting lot of attraction here.
Ben Andrew: Can you comment on organizational leverage in terms of through the P&L?
Kevin Sayer: Organizational leverage, what this will enable us to, Ben, more than anything is not add a bunch of bodies to process sales, I think we can keep our staff levels much broader as we go forward. The tricky part of this is if price erosion comes into play how much price are you willing to give up versus the leverage you obtained operationally and those are the types of equations that Jess and I look at all the time, and those types of tradeoffs.
Ben Andrew: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from William Plovanic with Canaccord.
William Plovanic: Great. Thanks, good evening. Can you hear me okay?
Steve Pacelli: Yes.
William Plovanic: Good. So Im trying to pick which questions ask you or I want to ask. Just clarity I mean that was amazing gross margin in the quarter. And as you think about it are you pretty much kind of capped out until we move on to  I think it was the Gen 6 you said on where we sit on the gross margin or do you continue to get operating overhead leverage?
Steve Pacelli: I think we can continue to get some overhead leverage as we continue to increase volumes. I mean, our volume increased last year was amazing. That looks very helpful in getting G 4 sensors through the margin level that we obtained. I think over time we are going to have new platforms and new processes. But I mean, we never thought wed above 80% and were clearly in the 70% to 75% range on our sensors now. So, there will some upside. Bill, I dont know how much more. I mean, well get it and well see how it goes.
William Plovanic: Okay. And then, since Im on the gross margin topic, Jess, you mentioned that youre going to have a lot of one time charges as you transition with the old SHARE. Just ballpark a number for us what type of charge should we look for in Q1?
Jess Roper: Well, we honest-to-goodness we dont have any ideal as we sit here today. Weve got a lot of work to do. Before we get there is bunch of variables for example, patients who want a new receiver have to fill out an application and say, I want my receiver upgraded. So we have to measure that response is to how many. We also have to see whats left in the distributor and the manufacturing pipeline with respect to potential G 4 write-offs as to whats in the field. And its all very early. I mean, we just got approval. Not too long ago, this wasnt something we were planning on discussing today, a few weeks ago, so, you just have to give us some time.
William Plovanic: Okay. So J&J I believe stock to a little into the fourth quarter. Can you help quantify that just so we understand where the stock to $1 million, to $10 million, $5 million, just so we can understand whats normal throughput versus maybe once time upfront from that partnership.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. Bill, this is Steve. J&J doesnt stock anything. J&J does not service his distributor, sensors or transmitters in the U.S. so they sell buyback [ph] and then we support the patients with respect to transmitters and sensor disposable. So there is no stock by J&J, I dont know where you got that.
William Plovanic: Good. And then, is there  who handling the back office reimbursement, I mean, so basically are you handling the paper work to get your stuff approach, the CGM approved and that you just drop shipping to them, is that would you just kind of keeping it separate yet its a single-device?
Steve Pacelli: Thats right. As its stands today we treat the patients as our patients from a CGM perspective, so were filing all of their GM needs include tactical support on the CGM front. Were exploring some ways to make it more seamless as its us today that the path
William Plovanic: Great. And then last question just  so we can put a stick in the sand. Can you give us idea over the number of patients you had a year end 2014 U.S or?
Steve Pacelli: That is spectacular Bill. I would reiterate what we said at JPMorgan, we certain grew our new patient base more than 50%, last year it was a great year for us.
William Plovanic: All right. You cant blame me for trying. Congratulations. Thanks.
Steve Pacelli: I cant blame you for trying and I love it. What it wanted any other way
Operator: Next question is from Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Hi. This is actually Robbie Marcus in for Mike. I just want to start last night Tandem announced that they are going to start  going for low glucose suspended or a combo pump using the DexComs sensors presumably the G 5, can you give us a little more clarity on that program, how that will impact the income statement and then how you handle the patients there?
Steve Pacelli: Yes. This is really a Tandem program. I dont think we can comment on these specifics of the Tandem program other than to say that were partnering with Tandem and weve been supporting him with our current sensor technologies. At this point, were not prepared to move forward with G 5 with any partner, because were just  literally just filing it for the last week or so. So I would say its largely work in progress at this point. But it would not be a meaningful P&L in fact the DexComs because its really the partner Tandem or any other potential artificial Pancreas partner. The program is really being driven by the partner.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. And then at the ATTD Conference, you or someone from DexCom presented information on the new Gen 6 sensor that a single calibration lead to 11.7 MARD [ph] and theres one through seven and 12.1 in days, one through 10. Is that good enough to get patients to trade accuracy for the fewer calibrations or do you need to come further on that number?
Steve Pacelli: That is wonderful question. There are three things involving, making our decision, lengths of time, calibrations, while mainly thought length of time, calibrations and then just performance over time and how the sensor works. We are working on the dosing claim with the FDA and that will be our next technological advancement. We will probably focus on getting the dosing claim first and then continue making our sensors accurate enough to service a fingerstick replacement. Making no calibration sensors is pretty hard, youve got to manufacture with in a very, very narrow range, so they all performed exactly the same. And we actually had similar data with that system with no calibrations that we did not present at the show. So were going to wait over time to convenient versus the calibrations, versus the accuracy, versus the labeling that we look for, all those factors play in together. Honestly, as these guys will tell you, Im pushing for more accuracy, Im kind of a jerk when it comes to that. Its a big deal to me.
Robbie Marcus: Right. And then, let me sneak in one last one. Abbott Freestyle Libre obviously different from CGM, but still doing really well in the initial launch in Europe with a significantly amount of Type 1 patients as a percentage of patients that are using it starting to adopt that product, have you seen this impacting European new patients at all? And this is an area that DexCom would be willing to get into?
Jess Roper: Yes. Our goal and Steve will probably some other comments. Weve already said that Abbott is a very formidable competitor and our view that has never changed. The system they put out, again as you said, its not CGM, it is different. There is no alerts or alarms and you dont get the benefit that comes with CGM there. We can certainly move to that space if we thought was what patient want it and make it go to a phone for example rather than to a handheld reader. But right now were focused on intensive management and focus on what we do. We will watch it very closely. Obviously the form factor everybody loves the reduce calibrations. But we heard other things. I mean, weve heard for example, that as I said earlier, manufacturing no calibration sensors is very hard. We heard within a certain lot of sensors, if one lot work they all work, we also heard that they have many lot that dont work and theyre not even adding any new patients due to the manufacturing difficulties. So its early, there is lot, lot of working at it as we miniaturize our technologies, as reduced calibrations as we go to our novel platforms well be same space. Now, Steve.
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I would just  I dont know that we have data to support. I think Abbott has done a great job of creating hype over in Europe. They have had a couple of recalls on the device and my understanding is there are pretty significant back orders, so while there may be interest in the product. Im not sure that we updated to support that they are having meaningful sales with respect to the product. The other thing that I think as we can keep going back to this is not a GCM, it doesnt provide the alerts and alarms with the other products youre going to miss, any reading you time you are asleep and thats frankly or critical important time particularly for defensive managed new patients. So we said before that we think this could be a very interesting product for the Type 2 market. Were keeping an eye on it and certainly just to respond the latter part of your question is and this something that Abbott figures out an interesting angle into the Type 2 market and to figuring out the distribution model, the payment model, the education model, because remember Type 2 are typically seen by primary care, by internal medicine and not typically seen endocrinologist, let someone else do some heavy lifting in developing as a different category. But today were going to stay focus on insulin using diabetes picture.
Robbie Marcus: Hi. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooks West with Piper Jaffray.
Brooks West: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jess Roper: You bet.
Brooks West : Kevin, congratulations on the GAAP profitability, I just want to start with is that something on annual basis that we should be thinking about DexCom achieving going forward?
Kevin Sayer: Thats certainly one of our stretch goals for 2015. But Brooks, we had over $50 million in share-based compensation in 2014 and that number is not going down in 2015 as we have more grants come out with our stock price, so well look at it. We measure our results primarily on our cash base performance. And overtime, we that stock-based compensation will come down as a percentage of everything in our financial statements will look more normal. So thats a stretch goal of ours. Were also going to not let that deter us from doing all the things that we want to do. If we can increase our cash based operating income number. And we as I said we grew $100 million in revenue and dropped over $30 million to the bottom line, thats pretty good year and thats great execution of a plan.
Brooks West : So I guess let me push on that a little Kevin if I could, if we use that metric given the increase spend obviously tied to still strong revenue growth. Should we see that operating cash number increase significantly this year over last year?
Kevin Sayer: We certainly hope so, thats our plan. I mean, we went from negative 30 in 2012, negative 30 plus to positive five in 2013, to positive 37 in 2014. Our many businesses will show that kind of turn. Our business model is truly scalable Brooks. Now the key question for us is one investment do we may? Terry and I often discuss, if we wanted to just turn this thing into cash money maker there are ways to do it. But that doesnt position us for the next $0.5 billion in revenues. We got to continue to invest, so we will, so it is a balance its a balance each and every day.
Brooks West : Thanks. And let me ask you one product question then on the partnership, the Vibe and the potential Tandem when that does launch, do those systems support the G 4 AP Algorithm? I think the answer to that no. And if they dont, how do you kind of rapid adoption of the AP Algorithm impacting those partnerships?
Kevin Sayer: Youre correct in the first question is no, neither the current iteration of the Vibe, the Tandem product when it launches will accommodate the G 4 AP Algorithm. And quite frankly were cautiously optimistic by the end of this year were going to be on the G 5 platform, so we will also be on our mobile phone. I dont want to comment specifically on how the new algorithm will or not impact the launch of those products. I think as we said in past earnings calls at conferences, I think from a revenue generation perspective were kind of treating the pump company these days is more additive than transformative for business. I think were really  weve not -- it kind of downplayed slight and were not really looking at those guys to be driving the topline in a significant fashion. So I think Im not sure where that concerned about it, to be honest.
Brooks West : Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: Hi. Good afternoon and thanks for taken the questions. You added more new patients than you ever have in the fourth quarter and realize thats becoming a bit of a trend, but you also introduce the AP Algorithm late last year. Obviously, youre current user base is thrilled with the upgrade, but do you think that the new algorithm was a key driver or the key driver of the new growth in the fourth quarter?
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. I think help, but I dont think it was the key driver. Jason, I think just s we increase awareness thats what draw it. It certainly is an easy presentation to clinicians, to say, this is more accurate than what we have before. Most patients judge the accuracy of their system not from whats in the book or what they experience day to day, and the algorithm one of its characteristics it does move quicker with your glucose information of patients, saw that and experience that firsthand. So, it helps, but I dont know that it was the primary driver. I think it just increased awareness.
Jayson Bedford: And have you file the algorithm for the Peds indication?
Kevin Sayer: We have filed the algorithm for the peds indication.
Jayson Bedford: Okay. And then just lastly from me and Ill jump off and let someone ask, but international I guess by your math was just under $14 million in the quarter. I guess, first is that correct? And then second, you mentioned adding some key international hires and Im just wondering if youre adding more to an existing team or branching out into some new countries? Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: Well, were going to do both Jason, we branched out to approximately 10 countries. Last year almost significant new countries, last year were in Canada with last year and India near the end of the year, were going there. We actually have an employee relationship in India that works with our distributor. We have all of our international employees as we sit here today, first I looking hires that will be the supplement what we have. In particular health are economics expert to help drive imbursement over there. On top of that a clinical expert as we do more studies overseas to prove the effectiveness and demonstrate the effectiveness of CGM we need somebody with mark clinical experience than what we have now. So were got a couple of folks lined up in that area and thats where well start. Most all of our revenue internationally goes through distributors and so we monitor that distribution channel very closely and carefully.
Jayson Bedford: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Tao Levy with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tao Levy: Hi. Good afternoon. So I was wondering may you could talk a little about again on the international business, I want to know if you disclosed our Top 10 in the past about percentage of the OUS business that is changing related or related to the Vibe?
Kevin Sayer: No. We dont that break that out, frankly J&J would never let us break that out.
Tao Levy: Okay. But is that a big part of the growth or is it mainly I guess non J&J?
Kevin Sayer: It certainly a part but were not going to give you level materiality for example, but its a part but our efforts to our network distributors is obviously very important part.
Tao Levy: Okay. And on the Bluetooth, on the G 5, will that enable sort of direct transmission of data from the blood glucose meter to the transmitter during calibration or is just one way?
Jess Roper: The transmitter can have a two-way conversation. We have not read in software to take a calibration for many specifics meters yet.
Tao Levy: Okay.
Jess Roper: We could. I think as we look at our horizon were more concerned about getting  and we develop more apps with the Android platform and the watches and stuff.
Tao Levy: Okay.
Jess Roper: We can look at it.
Tao Levy: And just lastly, what are the benefits here in the Medtronic has, they both the pump and the CGM and can work on things all under one roof like threshold, suspend and start to make some progress there. And it seems like they at least moving little bit faster than they have historically on developing new technologies in diabetes. And I was trying to figure whether at some point that is some that DexCom needs to start thinking about this kind of putting everything under the same roof so you can move quickly and kind of go after artificial pancreas and those kind of opportunities?
Jess Roper: Thats a great question. As we sit here today and as weve sat here for the past several years our message has been CGM first that making CGM systems more and more accurate and reliable and better tools to support artificial pancreas and were comfortable with our product pipeline. The question then becomes how do we play in the sensor augmented pump arena. Somebody side early Tandem announce a threshold suspend device yesterday. We know J&J has on-going efforts. There are lots of efforts going on. We wont sit and let somebody else control our faith forever if nobody does this we will give more involved if we see a product that is going very, very well. We havent found anything that we wanted to commit to yet. We support all the artificial pancreas programs or sensors. We support our pump partners, but were cognize of it, some were cognizant of The fact that we need to play here. Weve got the best sensor in World. Our patients are going to love this. Were going to have to offer something to them.
Tao Levy: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Shaun Rodriguez of Cowen and Company.
Shaun Rodriguez: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. So, first another angle to the  one of the pharmacy channel question. So given the growth here, is there a point over the next few years where you actually need to be pushing a significant portion of the business through this channel to just maintain the service and processing support you need to service patients or is this something you think you'll be able to stay ahead of with pretty good visibility in terms of internal resource requirements as you work through the process with the payors?
Kevin Sayer: We dont want to build the infrastructure to support our business the way its designed today. We need to move through these channels. You can just fill building after building after building with employees and the DME environment and clear obviously thats been one of Medtronics great barriers to entry in the pump where all the other pumps have to have hard time making money. Its hard to replicate that structure unless you have a huge amount of revenues. We really have a mission to go this way; we need to make it more efficient. And you dont think about how much easier it is for our patients right now, they call us, they fill our paper work, they get letters from their doctors. Its said there are glucose lives if we can remove this to the pharmacy and drop some of the criteria, you go to your doctor and get a prescription, drop it off at [Indiscernible] and pick it up the next day when it ships from Cardinal Health or McCusker or whoever in the drug store. And when it comes to re-ordering I dont know if you have any medications but I can tell you if I have 30 days with the pill, I start getting calls on day 27 every single month. So I think it just makes for a much more efficient better patient order processing experience and the way well track that. We are going to give up some control which is very hard for me, but in all reality when the data is all going to the cloud from your phone, well be able to track those patients and will know who is lying what and how often they use sensors and when there are three order. And that data and this data revolution thats coming is going to change our business processes combined with pharmacy distribution. We see our accounting in five different place in three years.
Shaun Rodriguez: Yes, thats helpful. So jumping around a bit, but you previously talked about some specific reimbursement studies planned for Germany and Sweden I believe, any updates on these and really the question is about the cadence of incremental of U.S. markets that you will be opening up over the next call it 12 or 24 months.
Kevin Sayer: Right now we are opening up smaller countries and most of the large countries certainly in Europe, very little in Asia. Asia weve got efforts going on in Japan right now and we are kind of trying to decide what to take to China because we have to take an FDA approved product over there, but it takes some time to get approved and we dont like to get something approved that we dont build anymore. So there is a bunch of dominoes that have to fall in place for China approval. Weve taken a very much a shotgun approach in these countries because there hasnt been a lot of reimbursement. So the more countries, the more cash paying patients, the more products we can sell. I think as we get reimbursement and hopefully in Germany, hopefully in Sweden and other countries over the next 18 to 24 months you could see some significant pickup. In terms of revenues overseas, as this product is reimbursed. But its going to take a while; its not going to happen overnight.
Shaun Rodriguez: Yes. All right, helpful guys. Thanks very much, congratulations.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners.
Danielle Antalffy: Good afternoon guys and congrats on turning profitable and filing G5, big milestones in the quarter. And Kevin or Steve, I was hoping maybe if you get some more color on the dosing cream, I think thats really exciting and just wondering how we should be thinking about what kind of trial that would require from a size and perspective and also endpoints and when just maybe if we can get more color today when we would able to expect some more color from you guys on what that could look like?
Kevin Sayer: I think ultimately Danielle well have very or lot of visibility by the call and I guess for Q2 we have a number of meetings slated with the agency between now and the end of the second quarter to put this trial together, sufficing to say its not going to be a small one.
Danielle Antalffy: Right, okay thats the
Kevin Sayer: Just a whole bunch of things and a whole bunch of different patient population segments etcetera. The guys are doing a great job working for the agency on this; its been a very interactive discussion. They want to help us and so we knew regularly were going to get there.
Danielle Antalffy: Yes, I think thats awesome. And to a higher level my next question is the G4 obviously there was a big step up in new patients apps, how do we think, but now the base is much larger of course. So as you guys continue to evolve the technology how do we think about each sort of next evolution of technology so starting with G5 and then G6 and maybe with a dosing claim and recalibration, the increase in new patients adds, do you see it just sort of the steady 35% to 40% which is what you said historically. Could it be incremental to that?  Just high level, how do we think about that? And what could ultimately drive the inflection point here because at the end of the day CGM is still just I think around 15% of type 1 and as this technology moves along I mean I feel like it could be much, much larger than that, and is there any sort of one obstacle you would have to knock over to get it there?
Steve Pacelli: Danielle, Ill take this one. I think you kind of hit it on the head. Youd said 35% to 40%. We have never said we were going to sustain 60 plus percent growth. So but start with, we need to sustain 40% growth for the foreseeable future, so our real mission internally is over the next several years and two to three four years to be able to continue that 35% to 40% growth rate. In order to do that we have to continue to iterate new and better products to increase the size of the addressable market. The way I like to think about it is way back in the STS [ph] three days there in 2006 the product didnt work particularly well and there were albeit very small handful of people who were willing to put up with the product that didnt work particularly well. Much better performance in the 7 incremental improvement in the 7 plus and that drove the addressable market to a much larger size. Now obviously with the G4 PLATINUM thats been a huge catalyst. You turn the inflection point or not its been a huge catalyst for growth in terms of new patients adds, but to sustain, just to sustain this phenomenal growth that we are seeing you need to get to Gen5 with our mobile platform, you need to get a Gen6 to reduce calibration and extend the duration you need to get what call it Gen7, 8, 9 eliminate calibration, miniaturization, new applicant all of the things that we keep talking about in our kind of near to midterm pipeline I mean kind of near to midterm meaning three to five years, we need to do all of these things in my opinion just to sustain the growth that we are trying to achieve. So I dont think could there be outside of the number sure but I think we are really targeting trying to do the things and iterate the technology in a way that we can assure us also we can continue to grow at the rates weve said that weve going to grow.
Danielle Antalffy: All right. Thanks for that.
Operator: Next question is from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks gentlemen. Maybe a follow up for Kevin on no calibration and accuracy and I was thinking ahead as you attempt to do that from a manufacturing standpoint I imagine it would be a little bit of a higher cost manufacturing endeavor so I guess the question is what is DexCom willing to give up in terms of margins in order to achieve reduce to no calibrations coupled with improved accuracy.
Kevin Sayer: Thats a great question and every time we make the sensor more accurate we improve our margins. So far as weve had manufacturing improvements they have been designed in mind that it would be more cost effectiveness and produce more accurate sensors and produce better yields. I think the key to the no calibration sensor is to have an extremely reputable manufacturing process. As I discussed earlier the Gen6 manufacturing line eliminates some of the steps that cause errors or yield loss in the G4 system. It is much more automated and much more advanced. There are more steps to automating this process. So I dont think well have to give up much on the margin side particularly as we go to extended ware and that becomes quite simple. If we have a ten day sensor and we can build up the same pretty rate as the seven day sensor, we can pick up some more margin and even include a little extra cost in that sensor if thats what we have to do to get that label. I dont view it as a trade off.
Anthony Petrone: So thats helpful and maybe if we just switch gears to maybe coverage of the chronologists you are adding to sales capability, maybe just an update on how much room for expansion in the U.S. particularly is there as it relates to adding new practices and then maybe an update on the average penetration of CGM into existing practices.
Kevin Sayer: Thats a great question. And as we have talked on this call several times with Terry while he was here. We have thousands probably more than 8000 physicians who prescribed one CGM system in 2014. We certainly have several champions and we consider champions are certain level of high prescribers and that number has gone up but not as fast as we would like. We need to move everybody up further. Access drives a bit of that. If a patient can go to their doctor and get a prescription signed and go to the drug store and pick up a sensor that will take physicians who have to spend inordinate amount of time doing paperwork for the one CGM they prescribed and get them more accustomed to prescribing CGM for their patients. So Access is going to help with this, our product improvements are going to help with this. The data on the phone that they are in the cloud based platforms, if we can show the physicians that they look, you can sit down and pull up Steve data on your computer without Steve playing in anything in to his machine, thats pretty cool and that will help. So we are, we call on every end that we can. Were very, very, very specific as far as calling on those who prescribed a lot of insulin and you will expect this is  and weve worked our way down the future and we moved further down those list as we get bigger every year, there is still more room to grow. But at the end of the day we still have too many 1Gs and 2Gs and we got to get out to these other guys again increasing what they are prescribing.
Anthony Petrone: Thats helpful. And just last from me, just a clarification on the share eco system is that an open architecture where eventually that data can be shared with competing offering, do they come down the road or is the data thats capture in share only compatible with the DexCom CGM therefore it cannot be accessed by competing companies.
Kevin Sayer: The data that is restored in the cloud from our share platform is right now accessed only by DexCom devices. We have made a lot of progress over the past few months with respect to data and possibly sharing data with others. We have not signed any agreements with anybody to let them access that data in the cloud yet. We will consider it if it meets the patients need that we cant meet. And its something the patients want we are open with respect to architectures we demonstrated with our relationships today. And well consider that overtime, but we are not going to run out and sign everybody up in the world to distract from what we are doing.
Anthony Petrone: Thanks again.
Operator: At this time I am showing no further questions. I will turn it back to speakers for final remarks.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you very much. In closing I want to address one of the frequent questions that we hear as we meet with others on the outside. Now that you are in charge and Tony has graduated on to Executive Chairman, whats going to change? Its easy is to tell you whats not going to change. And thats our commitment to our patients. Our patient for the strategy has put DexCom in a very enviable position. Even one of our competitors refer to our off the charts net promoter score and one of their presentations at AT&T. Our passion for patients is what drives this company that culture has been put in here by Terry and will never change. Ive been very fortunate for the past three plus years with Terry and the CEO chair to become familiar with the intimate details of our company and help Terry build an excellent team here. Whats different now is our business is really undergoing major changes. Youve heard it in my prepared remarks earlier as we compared the number product launches this year to our two previous years. We are much more complex in addition to our growth as this has previously the business has got to be scalable. With this great team weve assembled I am very confident that we can execute our very ambitious plans and achieve our simple final goal. We want to replace finger sticks. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - CEO Steve Pacelli - Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development Kevin Sayer - President, Chief Operating Officer Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners Ben Andrew - William Blair Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity Raj Denhoy - Jefferies Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities Erica Layon - Benchmark 
Operator: Hello and welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Release and Conference Call. My name is Joe, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the CEO of DexCom, Mr. Terry Gregg. Sir, you may begin.
Terry Gregg:  Thanks Joe thanks every one for joining DexCom today on our third quarter 2014 investor conference call. I have Steve Pacelli read our Safe Harbor statement to kick things off.
Steve Pacelli:  Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating performance. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terry Gregg:  Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. So todays call will follow our traditional format, Kevin will review our third quarter 2014 financial results and provide a business update, that I will then follow with some concluding thoughts. But before I turn the call over to Kevin. Id like to comment briefly on our results for the quarter. Our product revenue growth is unparalleled, we have grown over 60% annually for six consecutive quarters and our average year-over-year quarterly revenue growth has been 65% since the launch of G4 PLATINUM. In Q3 and cash based operating income increased by approximately three times over Q3 2013, clearly our business model is working as planned. All the while were in the midst of three simultaneous product launches, first a new smaller version of our G4 PLATINUM transmitter. Second, DexCom SHARE our first step into mobile remote monitoring and third, our new G4 AP Algorithm with an unprecedented 9% MARD. Things could not be better for us. With that Ill turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer:  Thank you Terry. Ill start with the financial update. DexCom generated $67.9 million in product revenue for the third quarter of 2014 compared to $42.5 million for the same quarter in 2013, a $25.4 million or 60% increase. Sequentially product revenue for Q3 of 2014 increased 17% from the prior quarter. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2014 was $69 million compared to $42.9 million during the same quarter in 2013. Our product gross profit totaled $46.1 million generating a product gross margin of 68% for the third quarter of 2014, compared to product gross profit of $27.7 million and product gross margin of 65% for the same quarter in the prior year. Sequentially our product gross margin in Q3 2014 was flat, as we said previously our gross margin target for the G4 PLATINUM sensor is between 70% and 75% and our gross margin target for G4 PLATINUM hardware is 50% or better. With the blended gross margin of 68% were achieving our targets. While we may see minor incremental gross margin gains in future quarters, we do not expect to see continued large improvements in gross margin until we introduce new products and achieve even greater sales volumes. I would like to share some additional thoughts on our product revenue on our gross profits. During Q3 2014, our revenue mix between durable and consumable products was again approximate 30% durable and 70% consumable. ASP for sensors was flat for the third quarter at approximately $72 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware was approximately $850 per starter kit with a little more than half of our hardware ASP attributable to the transmitter. While we continue to target ASPs in a range of $70 to $75 per sensor and a range of $850 to $900 per starter kit going forward. Finally our international business continued to exceed our expectations in Q3 with international product revenues representing approximately 15% of product revenue during the quarter. On the expense side research and development expense totaled $18.5 million for Q3 of 2014 compared to $11.8 million in Q3 of 2013 and $14.8 million in Q2 2014.  Yes we are making a significant investment in our future. As Terry mentioned in his opening remarks we have seen exceptional growth since the launch of G4 PLATINUM. And we have clearly demonstrated that superior product performance has been key to driving this growth. Yet as we evaluate what believe will be required in terms of improved sense performance and advance system features and functionality to meet the ever increasing demands of our patients and clinicians we must continue to invest in the near term. In addition, we need to complete the clinical trial work necessary to demonstrate improved lower outcomes and lower cost to drive favorable payer policies. We will work to take advantage of near term opportunities such as advance integrated pump, CGM system, simplification of censored deployment, mobile and cloud based data platforms and additional system performance improvements such as improved accuracy extended duration and reduced calibration.   Overtime, we will focus on miniaturization and advance decision support tools, all while keeping an eye on increasing patient convenience, improving outcomes and lowering cost. We will not lose side of our ultimate goal of replacing fingerstick entirely. Selling general administrative expense totaled $33.7 million in Q3 of 2014 compared to $21.6 million during same quarter of 2013, an increase of $12.1 million. The year over increase in SG&A expense relates primarily to increase sales cost driven by a robust sales, increase marketing spending and our key expenses for our commercial infrastructure as we scale the business for continued revenue growth. SG&A expense also include a $4.4 million increase in non-cash share based compensation expense over the prior year. SG&A expense for the preceding quarter was $30.9 million. The sequential increase of $2.8 million includes $600,000 an incremental non cash share based compensation expense and commercial expense to support our 17% sequential growth in product revenue. Our net loss for the third quarter of 2014 totaled $5.2 million and included $15.2 million in non-cash expenses centered in share based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absence of this charges our cash based operating income would have been approximately $10.1 million for Q3 2014. Obviously, we are quite pleased with our cash based operating results as this compares very favorably to a cash based operating income for Q3 2013 of $3.5 million. Our basic loss per share for the quarter was $0.07 with respect to our balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $74.9 million in cash and marketable securities up almost $13.6 million sequentially. We remain quite comfortable with our cash position. Finally, consisting with cash practices we take this opportunity to update our full year revenue guidance. We now expect product revenue for the full year to meet or exceed the top end of our range of $235 million. Now for our business update over the past few weeks we have had a very exciting string of news related to our product portfolio first in mid-October we were very pleased to announced the approval of DexCom Share. The first FDA approved remote monitoring system developed to address the unique challenges faced by care givers in assisting people of Typ-1 Diabetes. As a reminder the DexCom Share system is a docking station where the G4 Platinum receiver which enables wireless transmission of glucose information such as patients trend graph from the G4 Platinum to designated recipients allowing their recipient to view the patients data today on their iPhone or iPod touch and in the future on an android platform as well. We view DexComs Share is the first of many steps in bringing CGM to mobile devices. We successfully launched DexComs Share within days of approval and we couldnt more excited about the early feedback we received from patients using the system. Just this morning we were pleased to announce that FDA has approved a new algorithm for the G4 PLATINUM system that we dub the G4 Artificial Pancreas or G4AP algorithm. The clinical data from this new algorithm was first presented at 8am, June and a late breaking poster entitled CGM is not the limiting factor in artificial pancreas system. In this study, weve demonstrated that our technology is approaching fingerstick accuracy with an overall G4AP MARD versus YSI and an impressive 9.0% compared to a fingers stake MARD of 5.6% versus YSI. The new algorithm will be made available free of charge to existing adult patient using the G4 PLATINUM they can simply go online and download the software to update their receiver. Additionally, we expect the file a PMA supplement for pediatric indication for the G4AP algorithm this quarter. All new adult patients going forward will receive this software preloaded on to their DexCom receiver with new orders. We believe this new algorithm represents an important next step on a path to obtaining an insulin dosing claim and the potential prefatory calibration both of which support our ultimate goal of replacing fingersticks altogether. Shifting to our integration partnerships, Animus that the Vibe is nearing U.S. FDA approval and were gearing up for a commercial launch of Vibe in the U.S., which could come before the end of this year. On our last call the Tandem has submitted a PMA application to the FDA for the T-Slim G4 insulin delivery system, which integrates Tandem T-Slim pump with our Gen 4 PLATINUM system. As Tandem reported this morning theyre extremely pleased with the level of interaction with the FDA since the filing and their confidence in their ability to bring this device to market.  That being said timing of product approval is have the discussion of the FDA and Tandem continues to estimate 12 to 18 months review cycle for the T-Slim G 4.  Finally, on the data integration and data management front there seems to be a considerable amount of confusion in the market place as to where and to what extent DexCom is a participant. When it comes to retrospective display of our CGM data we have announced open architecture policy whereby we will allow third-party software developers, companies such as Tidepool, Diasend and others, to display retrospective data from our G4 PLATINUM system within their data aggregation platforms. When it comes to our mobile app platform we have stated a desire to incorporate insulin onboard data and other potential relevant data into our mobile platform. To that end we have entered into agreements with Insulet and Asante and are considering others to integrate data from their insulin delivery systems into our Gen 5 mobile platform. This platform will enable us to aggregate glucose and other diabetes related data from patients devices and display this integrated data on a smartphone. This will be a DexCom driven software development process and we expect these apps to be P&A products. With respect to real time display of DexCom CGM data we have thus far elected to maintain tight control doing large part to the regulatory and quality systems requirements imposed upon CGM devices by the FDA.  Obviously our standalone products will provide patients with real time information. To-date we have only granted rights to commercialize display of our real time data to a select few insulin pump companies. Going forward we will consider on a case-by-case basis whether we open up real time data display for commercialization to other third-parties such as other insulin pump companies or groups working to develop an artificial pancreas utilizing our sensor technology where it makes commercial sense. Prior to doing so however we would want assure ourselves that any such third-party has a robust quality system and regulatory resources required by FDA to develop and maintain a Class 3 medical system. With that I would now like to turn the call over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terry Gregg:  Thanks Kevin. While our third quarter performance did not entirely surprise us as we continue to see momentum for G4 PLATINUM build in the diabetes community, one needs only to read the diabetes blogs and chat room discussions to know what a tremendous difference we are making for patients as well as their parents and love ones as they strive to improve control over their diabetes. We must continue to innovate, never resting on what we have accomplished which of course today is the industry leading CGM technology. We will never be satisfied until we reach our goal of replacing fingersticks and upon achieving that milestone we will simply develop new goals to continue to drive DexCom to remain the dominant name in continues glucose monitoring. We recently received approval for our SHARE system and we believe this is the first step in the connectively pipeline we are developing to ease the burden of trying to better control glucose level safely. But even more importantly is that SHARE actively engages the patient and his or her support team which are parents, spouses, and loved ones. For the first time with an FDA approved device you can me in the next room, the next state or across the globe and someone has your back remotely. We are changing the paradigm of managing diabetes for the better. Kevin mentioned the recent approval of the algorithm the G4AP that we will begin to distribute shortly. I can remember how happy and satisfied patients were with the improvement and accuracy from the 16% MARD as a SEVEN PLUS to the 13% MARD of the G4 PLATINUM. So, Im even more excited to get this new algorithm with MARD of 9% into the hands of patients. We have learned the importance of accuracy in CGM it translates into confidence and trust in the G4 system. It also translates into freedom for the patients to live a more normal life and it moves DexCom a step closer to our goal of replacing fingersticks. Our pipeline is very robust. We expect to introduce a steady stream of product innovations on our sensor technology as we look at Gen 6 on the durables with an improved sensor deployment system and especially on the connectivity side as we introduce our Gen 5 system. We will continue to make the appropriate investments to achieve these goals. As I have often commented, being in the CGM space is extremely difficult and expensive, many have tried and most have failed and yet we continue to prosper and drive adoption by providing superior technology in a patient friendly format.  Kevin said based reimbursement challenges facing the Medtech world as cost of care becomes front and center for the payer universe, and we believe were well positioned to demonstrate improved outcomes while saving the system money. A single severe hypoglycemic event, with a hospital admission can cross on average $17,000 and here we can reduce or eliminate hypoglycemia events. And the compendium of positive outcome data associated with continuous glucose monitoring continues to grow. And one of our near-term goal is to harness that data to enable payers and healthcare providers to better manage treatment modalities and ultimately further reduce cost of care. The world is waking up the potential benefits of connectivity with wearables for improved health. DexCom has been a pioneer in this area since our inception, so were excited to be able to partner with companies like Apple to accelerate our efforts. Youll be hearing more about these collaborations in the future. With that well take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners:  I was hoping you could comment -- there was some talk in the quarter about a competitive launch in Europe, obviously I am talking Abbott Libre, which from what I understand is not a true CGM. So I was hoping maybe you could talk a little bit about what that product is and more importantly what youre seeing so far in Europe from an adoption -- potentially market expansion perspective. And also any comments on pricing with that product?
Steve Pacelli:  Danielle this is Steve, Ill this one. I think you kind of hit it on the head, the Abbott Libre product is first and foremost its not a CGM product, it does not have the capability of alerting a patient for example to nighttime hypoglycemia which is a critical attribute to CGM. So its not really fair to have an apples-to-apples comparison between DexCom CGM and the Abbott Libre product. That being said we long assumed that Abbott would come back into the market, they have been talking about this product for over a year now. And so it certainly wasnt a surprise to us. Weve been watching the blogs frankly that I think theyre in a very early stages of their launch, so there isnt a whole lot of detail or information out in the marketplace at this point. I have heard pricing, it appears to be priced favorably to a full blown CGM, but again youre purchasing products that doesnt have the full protection that CGM in terms of alerts and special alerts and alarms. So I think at this point were going to take a wait and see approach, wait and see what different -- what they develop as a category in market in Europe. No idea, theyve have been very silent as to potential timelines for U.S. commercialization, so well take away and see if theres really anything. And as far as I see look, I mean the configuration that Abbott has come to market which is certainly something that we could mimic it potentially make some tweaks to the Abbott product that would be very competitive an Abbott Libre product to the extent that theyre able to develop some new category for the products. So I think with that were going to take a bit of a wait here,
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners: And then I was hoping you could give us some more color on SHARE, congrats on the approval. How we should think about not contributing to revenue? Is that a subscription based model or how the SHARE working and how do we look at that going forward from a revenue top line driver perspective?
Terry Gregg:  Sure Danielle Ill take that one. The SHARE System, its an upfront charge of I think $299 and you get the cradle and your data to start off. It is not a subscription model at this point in time. Our patients buy the hardware and thats what they get. With respect to driving our revenues as I said in the prepared remarks this is really the first step in our mobility platforms and while we expect this to contribute some, its not going to be a major revenue driver when were already growing at 60%. What we do see -- what we do anticipate is that this will be very helpful in continuing to grow the pediatric markets. And the other benefit of SHARE quite frankly is not in the top line, its a pressure test for all the infrastructure weve been building for a long time to manage this data remotely. And we have learned a whole bunch in a very short period of time about our patients behaviors and patterns and their glucose reading. So all in all its a great launch for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question here comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair:  So few question from me. If you think about the fact that FDA moves so quickly with the new algorithm, I mean obviously the benefits that it provides are material. Does it give you any information content relative to what that could mean for the G5 approval or does that transmitter because its really just a transmitter now that changing I believe and kind of the connectivity dynamic that would represent the G5.
Terry Gregg:  I think theyre different, the algorithm is certainly science that the FDA is familiar with respect to DexCom as weve been through several sensor launches and even in algorithm change in the past with respect to the SEVEN system, we are now changing hardware and the data was very clear cut. Were hopeful that well get a quick approval on the G5 system but it is more than just a transmitter it is -- just lay directly on the cell phone, it is human factors work on display on a cell phone its all the things we have to mitigate for loss of connectivity and things of that nature band, so while weve meet with the FDA on several occasion and have a very good idea of what that files going to look like and we believe they have a very good idea what is files going to look like. I dont think that two are related. Were hopeful well just have to wait and see.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay and then Kevin you talked about the R&D stunning inventory as well will be allowing you to do some more things and you mentioned device integration with the vast pumps or delivery system as well as advance decision making tools. What time frame should we see you guys moving forward with that commercially is this two, three, four years? Clearly, it will be an evaluation, obviously if were including the current portfolio. But does this allow you to accelerate some of that and bring those things forward because I am seeing they represent additional revenue opportunities as well.
Kevin Sayer :  Ben, right now a lot of that is infrastructure building and getting ready to develop those type of tools. I think its two to three to four years out where we really have good really good life decisions -- a really good life decision support tool. We have even been through and FDA path on something like that yet, but we do know that we have great date and well accumulate more to whereby we can develop those things. And we were just making more investment, Terry and I have been around the diabetes sensory for long time and weve seen what happens when companies take their foot off the paddles as far innovation and were not going to do that Terry if you have anything?
Terry Gregg:  Sure one other things, you know that the founding members were Joslin translational group, as we look at taking data and not only using predictive analysis, but in a real time sense to allow therapy changes on the a fly that patients can do ultimately -- with obviously the council of their physician. Then all of this becomes -- the more like a prediction software becomes very exciting to us at this diseases called diabetes is one that would be particularly benefited by this types of programs. So were moving as fast as we can but once again its DexCom breaking brand new ground and weve got to go about a slow and we can always move as fast as agency will allow us to move with this. Because we are in the end we are not physicians and there is the great degree concerned that we dont cross over that line.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay and last thing from me. Kevin you are kind enough to give us these 30% of revenues coming from hardware. Can you give us a sense of that breaks down at all in terms of replacement hardware versus new patients? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer : We get asked this question every quarter and were not going to add any more color to what weve have. We are having great new patient results you cant grow as fast as we are without having that, so well leave it the way it is.
Operator: Thank you our next question here comes from Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Hi guys so my first question is around the pediatric indication. We all know a lot of parents that have been waiting for share. But it kind of begs the question of, yes that other approval that you had recently on pediatric expansion. Can you give us a little color on that, how you are doing from a penetration of clinic standpoint and also is the split pretty much the same right now with pediatric and I am sorry with durable and consumable with pediatric or is a little bit more on the starter kits any color there would be helpful.
Terry Gregg: Tom the pediatric launch is been very successful. Were couple quarters into it and as we said last quarter. Pediatric patient has the same usage and spending pattern as a regular patient. So were not going to break that out and then continue to report on it every single quarter. But I can say its certainly been a driver in our growth and has been very successful so far and you are right a lot of parents are very happy with the share launch.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay and then OUS coming in at roughly $10 million its starting to get significant gear. Again, can you give a little more color there is it mostly Europe, is it mostly out of pocket, is it mostly starter kit as people figure out that the accuracy is worth the investment? Thanks.
Terry Gregg: It is really very much most Europe. Weve done very well in Canada this year as weve launched there as well. We have some country that have carried this Italy, Sweden, Germany are three of the bigger ones and the Netherlands they are a supporter larger than Europe where we have done very, very well. Reimbursement is improving, we see reimbursement in some countries in Europe. We are also investing -- I talked about the study investment in my prepared remarks. We are investing in some very large studies over there to drive government reimbursement of CGM for patients and so were making investments over there to get full on reimbursement for CGM. So lot of its out of pocket and lot of is durable. Id say its a mix, its not the same mix as the U.S. and is not as predictable. We have dont have as much color on those patients as we have over here but the business is doing very, very well.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray:  And just a quick follow up Kevin, does Vibe contribute meaningfully to that $10 million or is it still early?
Kevin Sayer:  No, it does, the Vibe is doing very well in Eurpoe. Animas has done very well with that products over there.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray:  Got it. Thats it from me, thank you.
Operator:  And your next question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan:  Hi. This is actually Robbie Marcus in for Mike. Congrats on the great quarter. I was hoping maybe you can give us some more insights into trends, into where the patients are coming from? Is the pharmacy benefit helping out there, are you taking share from Medtronic are these all new to CGM, adult versus pediatric, any kind of inside into the trends would be really helpful.
Terry Gregg:  All of the above, literally pharmacy benefit is helping in some cases. Were certainly no losing market share based on all the independent data that we look at. We have very significant new patient growth combined that with the fact they were not losing patients like we used in SEVEN plus days. Our retention rates are very good, our utilization rates appear to be very strong as people trust and relay on this sensor array. I can tell Ive had many, many patients say, the worst two hours of my week or two weeks if they wear the sensor alarm [indiscernible] warm up time while I wait for the next sensor to start. So every variable in there is working and again now go back to earlier same, to achieve growth like we have they all have to be good. So every one of them is doing well. 
Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then at the end of September Medtronic reveal the Guardian Mobile their on standalone CGM, how are you looking at this as a competitor to G5 and any comments around your take on that product will be really helpful. Thank you.
Terry Gregg:  Yes, I mean Medtronic reveal a potential standalone system at a trade show earlier this year. We havent seen or heard frankly anything else about it since that. So much like the Abbott Libre were going to take a wait and see approach, not clear to us what sensor component would be included, whether its a current inline sensor which weve all seen the performance of that sensor or some feature sensor. So again its somewhat -- I think one of the comment that was made by Medtronic was that first generation Guardian remote or whatever they are calling it would not have a remote monitoring feature it would simply be display to the patient. So in that respect its so much difference that what were going to come market with Gen 5, but outside of that I dont think we know a whole lot about it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question here comes from William Plovanic from Canaccord Genuity. Please go head sir.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity:  Great, thanks, good evening. Can you hear me okay?
Unidentified Company Representative :  Yes.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Great. So a couple of questions. Gen 5, what does that include today and when do you expect to file that?
Terry Gregg:  We expect to file that in the first quarter of 2015. The primary focus of Gen 5 is the transmitter will be able to speak directly with two separate devices via Bluetooth connectivity, so you could speak to your phone and your receiver at the same time, it gives straight to just your phone or just your receiver and then that data will be shared through the applications on the phone to the cloud and people have access to the SHARE system which will be the exact same system that weve launched pretty much the SHARE that was launched this year. So the focus of Gen 5, it will be Gen 4 sensor with respect to its performance characteristics, it will have G4AP algorithm, it will have that level of accuracy. So we are not changing the system or system performance for the Gen 5 platform. We are going to come with a user interface thats very much designed to be a mobile platform for those who look at the date on the phone that we think is just fabulous. So thats what the Gen 5 system is going to be.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And on that is it going to address the calibration requirements or the fingerstick replacement or that to G6?
Terry Gregg:  We will not change the calibration scheme for the Gen 5 sys. 
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity:  Okay. So it sounds like youre getting ready to lock that down and submit that.
Terry Gregg:  We are working very hard to lock that down, yes.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity:  Great, thank you. And then on the pediatric mix, as you think about the new patients coming in the door in the quarter how much our Peds and how much are adults if youre looking at what was coming in in kind of overall business?
Terry Gregg:  Bill, Ill go with what I said earlier weve announced for a couple of quarters with Peds, everybody is a patient and theyll have the same economic patterns and were just not going to report that every quarter. So its going very well in Peds, were very happy, its met all our expectations.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: And then my last question just is, how long would the new G4AP algorithm -- how long do you think thatll take to get into your current installed base, number one? And then number two, I take that it will just be the algorithm going forward.
Steve Pacelli:  Bill this is Steve, for the purpose of your question I went and asked the Ops guys how we were doing, it was actually posted on our Web site earlier today. Weve had several hundred users already download and install the upgraded software. So its going to go fast. What we expect to start shipping the new algorithm with new purchases with new receivers next week, so were going.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: And are there any costs or anything that will be associated with that for you that would be incremental material to call out or?
Steve Pacelli:  Nothing material.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead sir.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies:  What if you could ask just one about the spending levels? And I appreciate that the necessity you continue to spend on R&D and sales and marketing to keep the growth as it is. But should we assume that the new kind of 18.5 million R&D level likewise with SG&A sort of the new baseline we should assume kind of going forward from here?
Terry Gregg:  Raj thats a very good question, with respect to R&D as we prepared, we sat and discussed that. I started here about 3.5 years ago. R&D is a lot different than it was in -- for example now whenever we do something new, weve got to run trials for adults and Peds the cost of getting anything to market is now doubled on the trials and execution side. Once we get something developed were spending money on the cloud infrastructure, and a lot of things that we werent working on before and fortunately weve had the acceleration of growth necessary in the top line to hit our performance objectives. It is important as we look going forward into next year that we look at base volumes in Q3 and Q4 of this year, as everybody may remember in Q1 of last year everybody took our expenses way down from Q4 to lower numbers and we ended up with much higher expenses than everybody thought. We typically dont give a lot of expense guidance but I think you can look at this number and go from there, there is lot of stuff going on here and its good. I dont know Steve, is there anything else?
Steve Pacelli:  I am going to way in a little bit. So I spend a lot of my time thinking strategically for the company at this point. And what -- how this is [indiscernible] on others as you look around the universe the cost of care is something that is obviously on everybodys mind, we heard it as a key note speech at the AdvaMed, Mike was talking about it during with Edwards. And so we need to spend some of those R&D dollars to ensure that we know as a category CGM saves the system money. And I preach to whoever would listen that the first stage as we look at ACA whether or it gets changed because of administration change, who knows. But I will tell you this that in the future the healthcare providers will get some of their compensation based on outcomes. And it wont be too long after that, I cant tell you when my crystal ball says three years, four years. That industry is going to be part of that game, that if you cant demonstrate, you are taking dollars out of the cost of care with your products, your products are not going to be reimbursed. And so what we have to do is we know and its a lot of lift service at this point, everywhere we turn I just gave you $17,000 number for hospital admission were spending over $250 billion a year in the United States treating diabetes. And unfortunately it continues to grow at unparalleled rates that we have seen. So we can be cognizant about that, and some of that R&D spend is creating and demonstrating the system that were in fact saving them a lot of money and well save them even more money in the future. And as Kevin mentioned, I mean everything we do from a standpoint of building is they hear -- preach to them every day, make it better and make it less expensive. So at that level as well. So these are investments for the future with the return being -- things that are not as price sensitive. We know we have to hit certainly gross margin. And no matter what we do regardless of what the price is weve got to hit those gross margins. And so from that perspective we need to make those investments today.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: Just need to ask a couple of follow ups. You noted, I think you mentioned that one of the things youre spending on is new smaller transmitter. Did I hear that correctly?
Terry Gregg:  Actually we launched a new smaller transmitter this quarter.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: I guess this wasnt appreciated as that. But maybe you could describe a bit about how much smaller that is and what sort of receptivity you are seeing with that?
Terry Gregg:  Well the receptivity has been outstanding because everybody likes things that are less aspersive on their bodies when they have to wear our devices, so people have liked it very much. Driving that we had to make a transmitter that had all the features that the previous Gen 4 one, particularly the ability to transmit over an extended range and also ability to talk to our integrated pump partners the transmitter does both of those things. And it does cost less to make so it meets all of our objectives. Terry stated what we do to make it better and make it cheaper they achieved them both the guys did a great job.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: Okay just one last one sorry but, look back I think it been almost exactly two years when you got the Gen 4 approved. As you noted I think in your marks is grown continuously roughly 65% on average since then and it sort of very exit question of how long you can sustain this and it sounds like the Gen 5 is getting filed soon and that should kind a keep things going but 65% is a pretty high bar to keep that into jump over a 60% even give me thoughts just around that?
Terry Gregg: Weve typically said that, we believe that ours is sustainable growth and what we plan for us is to grow at 40% every year. That allows you double every two years and so we have been greatly -- weve been very fortunate to grow faster than that, but our plans have always been to grow at 40 and I have the infrastructure to support 60. So we are doing both and well keep pushing. But this pipeline that were developing and we firmly believe it can drive the business the way it has but it takes everyone and innovations to keep it going it, it took the peoples approval , its going to take a new outgrowth and its going to the going to the top, its going to take the share system, its going to take every one of this things to continue to drive that growth we cant drive the growth just by continuing to market G4 as it is, we got to be better and we will.
Operator: And thank you our next question here comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities: Great thanks good afternoon. The professional CGM they have any impact in the quarter or how is the roll out of that product, is it allowing you to convert more patients to CGM? Sort of any color there will be helpful?
Terry Gregg: The roll out is gone fine as we said when we announced that approval a while ago, we dont expect this to be a huge direct topline driver of our financial has not been. Maybe you covert some patients. I dont have the statistics on the top of my head we know that percentage of people who wear our sensor on this professionally use system. The presenter who convert the purchasing one is very large, is very consistent, very favorable. So it certainly helps us it really hasnt been a measurable driver in direct sales and indirect sales are I dont have a number to share with you.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities: Okay and with the APM algorithm is that applicable also to sort of maybe the integrated system that will be coming out the Animus 5 and the Tandem? 
Steve Pacelli:  This is Steve unfortunately they will not have the ability neither the Animus 5 pump nor the Tandem. Cheap counts have the ability to upgrade as we do our G4 PLATINUM receiver is to upgrade to the new algorithm. So those patients would have one of two options they will have to wait until a next generation really Gen 5 version of the pump or they will have the opportunity to purchase, weve actually seen this happen in Europe where patients -- even patients on the Animus 5 have elected to purchase a standalone DexCom receiver to get a preferred to pull that out of their pocket, purse, backpack whatever to technically because its preferred rather than pull their pump out. So the transmitter would be the same so the patients wish he is the new algorithm would be able to use it with chain transmitter if they buy a separate receiver.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities :  Okay great and then just as lastly Terry you mentioned to any other collaboration with Apple and I know with -- share its right now it only work on the Apple platform. Is that kind of what you were referring to or you potentially going beyond that and you started thinking?
Terry Gregg: Well go beyond that. As you know you can buy the app on the iTunes store today for SHARE so thats the first stage and as we have indicated there is a trial being proposed now is been approved by Apples that we will utilize CGM technology for -- through first being up at Stanford University at the hospital system and while integrate into the Apex system using iOS8 in the healthcare. So we do this as a long term opportunist relationship again it got back to my, part of my comments to was when you look at this wearable technology that surely going to drive companies like Apple, Google, Samsung whoever into this digital health world that everybody looks at and says, wow thats what we something thats the place we want to play to expand our own platform from where there at now because they see the aging of the population and the opportunities to engage that population and trying to empower them to take better care of themselves and again reduce this healthcare burden that we spend a lot of time looking at. And so obviously anything along those lines benefits what we intend to do.  We have always considered CGM to be a consumer product, it has requirement of a medical device, but the utility of it and its power as a consumer tool -- because this is actionable for a patients that has to have many transactions in their daily life in order to better control their diabetes. So youll continue to see these growth as, first you see the Vibe system develop, but thats only the beginning because thats easy to do. I mean we demonstrated deploying our system with Pebble watch, as an example. And a lot of that stuff from a technology standpoint is off the shelf with the utilization of Bluetooth low energy. Now, getting this through the regulatory challenges is much different obviously its in the news with regards to type of security and other challenges risk in risk mitigation that Kevin mentioned during his presentation, youll continue to see these growth, thats really what I was focused on in my comments.
Operator:  Your next question here comes from Erica Layon from Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Erica Layon - Benchmark : Thank you very much for taking my question. Im on for Jan Wald, because he had to hop. Looks like a great quarter, so congratulations there. As you are looking forward to the future, smaller and integrated systems, are you looking to move both sensor performance and quality of life together at the same pace? Or does one take precedence over the other, if you do have to make a compromise? 
Terry Gregg:  No, I dont think we have to make a compromise I think are simultaneous, right now we focus sensor accuracy of 9% MARD that is point care time to the accuracy particularly when you add in variability associated with the human influence on accuracy. If you take a patient on the SMBG, I assure that it is not 5.6% is something far great than that. Were seeing variability in fingerstick measurement upwards two measurements down on the same thing there within a second of each other to be widely different. And so we actually from accuracy standpoint are far better than fingerstick measurements and were certainly more consistent. That is something that we will continue to drive till we certainly believe that a 9% MARD, we are at that threshold at which can dose insulin. We have to demonstrate that successfully to the agency but clearly we believe that accuracy is there. Now you move the quality of life and it goes hand in hand and patients have more confidence more trust and the tools that theyre using to better manage their diabetes their quality of life has improved.  They are less worried day in and day out of everything they do apparent is less worry of sending the child over to and overnight because of the share system, all of these things contribute to improving in the quality of life.
Erica Layon - Benchmark : Okay. So it's just a matter of maybe one will step forward ahead of the other, but theyre both moving forward together, just to -- 
Steve Pacelli:  Theyre both moving forward.
Erica Layon - Benchmark : And what trials are you most excited about that are happening with your sensor? And when would you expect data on those trials? 
Steve Pacelli:  Were excited about a bunch of trial. The biggest trial that we started and started this quarter is our what we call a Diamond study internally which is a steady that where we can truly bracket the benefit of CGM from a therapy perspective, from a cost perspective where we can really do a study that shows how we drive CGM outcomes in patients new to CGM, in particular with MDI patients and what happens and what changes in their lives. This is going to be a long-term study for us the data probably wont be available for 18 to 24 months. But were going to use 20 centers and fund the study to really learn about those things that are important in our business through study of that nature, thats the study Im very excited about is this going to not happen as fast as Id like it. Terry, if you have any other.
Terry Gregg:  No, youll see some interim results at some point during the course of the study but it is really in our opinion a key study for the future and certainly for the first time as a company its a study that is being conducted without the primary intent to get a product approved from that perspective. If you look at all the studies were involved in its hard and were in 20 different artificial pancreas programs, its not our study, we participate, we provide some support. Those are exciting to see, those progress along that intent to again reduce the challenges of managing glucose level. But I would agree with Kevin the Diamond study is even though its not a near term study as probably one were very focused on and just given the magnitude of the study with 20 centers at key sites throughout the U.S. 
Erica Layon - Benchmark : That sounds like a very powerful study, and sometimes you have to wait for the right science to happen. So, thanks for working on that one. That probably will help the growth even as those out years continue, hopefully outpacing your 40% goals? And you definitely gave us some good color towards, not quite guidance, but helping us look at the big picture here. There is one more that I was hoping that I could ask you. Right now, its great that were seeing that youre positive on a cash running basis even though were not seeing reported positive earnings. Is that something youre putting much weight on or right now just trying to keep your foot on the gas being responsible with your cash but paying less attention to the sort of reported earnings number because you think there is more investment that needs to be made before that could be a main focus.
Kevin Sayer:  Erica for a long time Terry and I have philosophically operated under the principle, lets grow the top line fast and lets grow the bottom line faster. And were certainly doing that as Terry said in his remarks the cash operating income was 3x of what it was the same quarter a year ago when we had 60% of growth on the top line. As we look at our business going forward we think about three things. How much can we add to the top on a revenue basis and then we get to an accessible gross profit number. And we ask ourselves two question, how much do we need to spend to continue to push the agenda to keep growing the top line and how much do we need to keep to meet our commitment to our shareholder and we evaluate all three of those things at the same time, not just as a management team, but at the Board level and throughout the entire organization. So we look at all and well continue to evaluate our business that way.
Terry Gregg:  I have to laugh because here were, thank you -- but we carry this non-cash based equity that prevents us from being GAAP positive. So weve got, when cash was keen and it still is and we like to add it rather than take away from that. But we did in order to attract the right talent in this company we were low on the salary side and we made it up on the equity side. So we gave our employees equity and behold our employees dont really want to sell the shares that they hold, because they look at the upside of what this company can achieve from shareholder value improvement. So, the end result of that is probably $15 million a quarter shared based equity that we -- non-cash, that we have to carry forward. So you just do the math and say if we want to get 20% operating number weve got to do a lot. Just to cover the shares the people arent selling. You cant go and tell your employees why dont you go all sell shares, in order to get this down. And its just a sense routine dynamic and so yes we do, we make statements to what we think we can do in 2015, but its really driven I think growing top line again by growing the bottom line faster.
Erica Layon - Benchmark : Thats very helpful, its just your so close to the number. I dont want us to focus too much on something that actually goes counter towards the goal to the company. That note was my last question, thank you
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We also have a question here from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead sir.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James:  I wanted to ask about the marketing effort the AP Algorithm, clearly accuracy matters, its proven to drive adoption. Your current user base will be ecstatic with the upgrade. But I am just wondering if the software allows you to be more aggressive in going after new patients. And I guess the question really is, do you view it as a new driver of patient growth?
Terry Gregg:  I think it will drive patient growth, when patients hear that we have an algorithm that was designed for the artificial pancreas, so its now been integrated into a commercial device that they can purchase, it will be very, very helpful. It definitely will be a driver. It was our goal to make our patient base ecstatic, because that is how we build the business here.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James:  When you think your sales team and the infrastructure you get a lot of new products here. Wondering your thoughts on increasing the team as we look to 2015?
Terry Gregg:  Were in the middle of our planning process, certainly with 60 plus percent year-over-year growth for the entire year we have an opportunity to expand to grow next year and well give more guidance on that at the end of the year after we get through our process.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James:  I guess last one, you mentioned the center transmitter has a lower cost to goods. But I am wondering where there startup cost that impacted gross margins in the quarter associated with that?
Terry Gregg:  No, there were not.
Operator: And at this time I am showing no further questions from the audience. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Terry Gregg for closing remarks.
Terry Gregg:  Thank you. Well I hope everyone got a good picture of how excited were about DexCom and the opportunities for our company. But I would need you to understand also, were setting our site this will be a billion dollar revenue company, not a 300, not a 500 million, a billion plus. And so our employees believe in our mission, we believe that they know the opportunity that DexCom is truly a unique one and they want to participate in that, and theyre clearly aligned with shareholder value. And so with that I again will say thank you and see you in 2015.
Operator: And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Terry Gregg - CEO Steve Pacelli - EVP, Strategy Kevin Sayer - President and COO
Analysts:  Ben Andrew - William Blair Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan William J. Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray  Raj Denhoy - Jefferies Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners  Erica Layon - Benchmark  Mimi Pham - ABR Health Company  Mike Rich - Raymond James Greg Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release and Conference Call. My name is Bakiba, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Terry Gregg. Terry, you may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you very much, and welcome to DexCom's second quarter 2014 conference call. I'll ask Steve Pacelli to read our Safe Harbor statement.
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, in today's call we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating performance. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Today's call will be largely a financial update, with Kevin reviewing our second quarter 2014 financial results and providing our traditional business update. I will then follow with some concluding thoughts. Before I turn the call over to Kevin, I'd like to comment briefly on our Q2 performance. Our financial results speak for themselves. During the second quarter, we achieved record sales, record margins and our best operating results, ever with cash-based net income of over $8 million for the quarter. Our pipeline of new patient opportunities remains very robust and sensor orders are stronger than ever. The continued commercial success of G4 PLATINUM reinforces our long-held belief that sensor performance, in terms of both accuracy and reliability, is paramount. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. First, I'll provide our financial update. DexCom generated $58.2 million in product revenue for the second quarter of 2014 compared to $35.5 million for the same quarter in 2013, a $22.7 million or 64% increase. Sequentially, product revenue for Q2 of 2014 increased 25% from the prior quarter. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2014 was $58.8 million, compared to $35.8 million during the same quarter in 2013. Our product gross profit totaled $39.5 million, generating a product gross margin of 68% for the second quarter of 2014, compared to product gross profit of $21.8 million and a product gross margin of 61% for the same quarter in the prior year. Sequentially, product gross margin in Q2, 2014 was up 4 points due primarily to increased sales volumes and to a lesser extent increased average selling prices for our products. Some additional thoughts on our product revenue and gross profits. During Q2, 2014, our revenue mix between durable and consumable products was approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable. ASP for sensors was slightly higher in the second quarter at approximately $72 per sensor and the ASP of our hardware was also slightly higher at approximately $885 per starter kit. Increases in ASP were due to a favorable payer mix during the quarter, including several new payer and distributor contracts with improved pricing and the impact of moving our business to the pharmacy channel. We will continue to target ASPs in the range of $70 to $75 per sensor and a range of $850 to $900 per starter kit going forward. Finally, our international business continued to exceed our expectations in Q2, with international revenues almost doubling year over year. International revenues represented approximately 13% of product revenue during the quarter. Turning to our expenses, our total operating expenses for the second quarter were $45.7 million compared to total operating expenses of $31.8 million during Q2, 2013, and $42.1 million for the preceding quarter. As we discussed during our Q1 earnings call, the major component of this increase relates to non-cash share-based compensation expense. During Q2, 2014, our non-cash share-based compensation expense was $13.2 million, up approximately $4.5 million sequentially and $6.8 million over Q2, 2013. We expect share-based compensation expense of at least this level through the first quarter of 2015. Share-based compensation is computed based upon the amortization of shares issued under our equity plans. The majority of these shares vests over a three-year period. The primary reason for the sequential and year-over-year increase in share-based compensation is the significant increase in the DexCom stock price over the past three years. For example, shares granted in 2011 were granted at prices ranging from $7.78 to $15.75 per share. The majority of the 2011 share grants finished vesting in Q1, 2014, and the compensation expense related to these shares has been completely recognized. Share-based compensation expense for the shares granted in late Q1, 2014, is computed based upon a share price of $47.42, with these shares vesting through 2017. So obviously, our 2011 share grants created a much lower overall share-based compensation expense than our 2014 grants, which will now be recognized through 2017. Moving on to research and development expense, it totaled $14.8 million for Q2 of 2014, compared to $11.1 million in Q2 of 2013 and $14.5 million in Q1, 2014. The year-over-year increase in R&D expense includes an $800,000 increase in non-cash equity related expenses. The remaining increase relates to continued investments in the product pipeline, focusing upon increased accuracy, improved connectivity, patient convenience, and lower cost, with our ultimate goal of replacing finger sticks altogether. Sequentially, R&D expense was flat, with a decrease in non-cash expense related to our SweetSpot acquisition, offset by higher incremental non-cash share-based compensation expense. Selling, general, administrative expense totaled $30.9 million in Q2 of 2014, compared to $20.7 million in the same quarter of 2013, an increase of $10.2 million. The year-over-year increase in SG&A relates primarily to additional head count for our commercial infrastructure as we scale the business for continued revenue growth, and also includes a $3.8 million increase in non-cash share-based compensation expense. SG&A expense for the preceding quarter was $27.6 million. The sequential increase of $3.3 million includes $2.4 million in non-cash share-based compensation expense and commercial expenses to support our 25% sequential growth. Our net loss for the second quarter of 2014 totaled $6.0 million and included $14.2 million in non-cash expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation, and amortization. Absent these charges, our net income would have been approximately $8.2 million for Q2, 2014. Obviously, we are quite pleased with our cash based operating results, as this compares quite favorably to a cash based net loss for Q2, 2013, of $1.1 million, and our cash based results for Q2 exceed our cash based net income for the entire year of 2013. Our basic loss per share for the quarter was $0.08. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $61.3 million in cash and marketable securities, up almost $4 million sequentially, and we remain quite comfortable with our cash position. Finally, consistent with past practices, we'll take the opportunity to update our full year revenue guidance. We now expect product revenue for the full year to fall within the range of $220 million to $235 million. I'll now move to the business update. As many of you know, the annual Scientific Sessions of the American Diabetes Association was held in San Francisco in June, and the show was nothing short of remarkable for DexCom. First, on the eve of ADA, we issued a joint press release with Insulet, announcing that our upcoming mobile data app platform will integrate data from Insulet's next-generation OmniPod handheld. This will be the first insulin delivery device to be integrated into our Gen 5 mobile platform, which we designed to aggregate glucose and other diabetes-related data from patients' devices and display the integrated data on a smartphone. It also marks the start of our open architecture approach to diabetes-related data, which will include an "authorized by DexCom" mark to indicate the compatibility of devices and apps integrating DexCom's CGM data. Next, on Saturday morning, we formally kicked off the ADA with publication of a late-breaking poster entitled, "CGM is not the limiting factor in artificial pancreas systems," in which we shared in-clinic data from 51 patients who wore a version of the Gen 4 PLATINUM with an improved algorithm, dubbed G4AP. We demonstrated that our next gen CGM accuracy is approaching fingerstick accuracy, with an overall G4AP MARD versus YSI at an impressive 9.0%, compared to a fingerstick MARD of 5.6% versus YSI. We believe the data represent an important next step on our path to obtaining an insulin dosing claim and the potential for factory calibration, again, consistent with our ultimate goal of replacing fingersticks altogether. Finally, on Sunday evening, Dr. Steven Russell shared top-line results from the bionic pancreas Summer Camp and Beacon Hill studies, which were simultaneously published online in The New England Journal of Medicine. The results were quite impressive, leading Dr. Russell to conclude that as compared with an insulin pump alone, a wearable, automated, bihormonal, bionic pancreas improves mean glycemic levels, with less frequent hypoglycemic episodes among both adults and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. Turning to our future CGM product offerings, we remain focused on increased connectivity and convenience as a near-term goal and replacing fingersticks as our primary long-term objective, as we continue to work on both Gen 5 and Gen 6 in an effort to achieve these goals. We are pleased to report that the Food and Drug Administration has formally advised us that our DexCom SHARE system is approvable subject to our submission of additional documentation related to our contract manufacturer. We believe we have submitted all information requested by the agency and hope to launch this product prior to the end of the year. We continue to be pleased with the progress of our peds launch, and we're happy to report that between 25% and 30% of our new patient additions in the U.S. during Q2 were pediatric patients. With respect to our Professional CGM, we successfully launched this system within three days following approval, and expect to continue to commercialize this product during the second half of 2014. While we don't expect revenues from the sale of Professional CGM to be material, we do believe Professional CGM will provide us with a strong platform to build category awareness for future patient growth. Shifting to our integration partnerships, just yesterday we announced that we've expanded our development efforts with Insulet and have agreed to work with Insulet to develop a CGM-integrated Personal Diabetes Manager to enable upload and display of our Gen 5 CGM data into the next-generation Insulet handheld. We're also pleased to report that Animas has submitted a comprehensive response to the FDA regarding the Animas Vibe and is in regular dialogue with the agency regarding the submission. We're gearing up for a commercial launch of Vibe in the U.S., which could come before the end of this year. Finally, I'm pleased to report that Tandem has submitted a PMA application to the FDA for the t:slim Gen 4 insulin delivery system, which integrates Tandem's t:slim pump with our Gen 4 PLATINUM. As mentioned during the Tandem earnings call, this submission is just the first step of the regulatory process, and a product approval is at the discretion of the FDA, which Tandem is estimating will take approximately 12 months to 18 months. In connection with the filing, Tandem made a $1 million milestone payment to us in July. On the data management front, I'm pleased to announce that we recently entered into an agreement with Tidepool to allow retrospective data from our G4 PLATINUM system to be integrated into the Tidepool data aggregation platform. This integration is consistent with our open architecture approach to diabetes-related data and will also include an "authorized by DexCom" mark. And finally, on the litigation front, we are pleased to report that on July 2, 2014, we entered into a settlement and license agreement with Abbott Diabetes Care to settle all pending patent infringement legal proceedings brought by Abbott against us back in 2005. The settlement agreement does not obligate us to pay any royalties or any other form of financial compensation, and provides for a cross-license of certain of our patents and certain Abbott patents. In addition, we have agreed not to sue each other for patent infringement based upon each of our respective continuous monitoring products until March 31, 2021. I'll now turn the call back over to Terry for some concluding remarks.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. Each year in July, people with diabetes, parents, grandparents, siblings, loved ones and friends gather in Orlando at Friends for Life, a conference hosted by Children with Diabetes to provide education and support for children with diabetes and their families. We were fortunate enough to sponsor Friends for Life this year, and never in my career at DexCom was I more proud of our accomplishments as a company. Friends for Life is a chance, sometimes the only one all year, for children with type 1 diabetes to hang out with children just like themselves, to get to feel normal. I was inspired by the whole experience. Kevin talked about our pediatric growth in Q2; 16% of our U.S. revenues and between 25% and 30% of our new patient additions were pediatric. We firmly believe this a large, untapped market opportunity for us, both on the professional and the patient side. But as we all know, type 1 diabetes does not discriminate by age, and we know that approximately 500,000 people in the United States over the age of 65 are living with type 1 diabetes. This is why obtaining Medicare coverage for CGM has become a key initiative for us here at DexCom. To that end, we are pleased to report that just last week, U.S. Senator Susan Collins and Jeanne Shaheen, Co-chairs of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, introduced legislation to ensure that seniors with type 1 diabetes who are Medicare eligible have access to continuous glucose monitors. The bill is entitled the Medicare CGM Access Act of 2014, and was largely the result of coalition efforts led by JDRF, the Endocrine Society, and The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology with assistance by the American Association of Diabetes Educators as well as industry representation by DexCom, Medtronic, and Johnson & Johnson. To-date, CMS has indicated it will not issue a positive coverage decision for CGM because CMS believes that our FDA-labeled adjunctive claim indicates that CGM does not constitute a medical necessity, this in spite of support for CGM from large randomized clinical trials, leading professional society position statements, and the fact that nearly all U.S. commercial payers cover CGM for type 1 and approximately 25% of payers cover for type 2 insulin-using patients as well. It is well-documented that seniors with insulin-requiring diabetes are more susceptible to hypoglycemia and subsequent emergency services. In fact, recent data shows that 16% of elderly people with type 1 diabetes experience low blood sugar, seizures, or loss of consciousness every year, and cost for a hypoglycemia inpatient admission averages over $17,000 per visit. DexCom has thousands of patients who benefit from CGM use, and we receive hundreds of letters from patients telling us that CGM has transformed their diabetes care and often saved their lives. While the legislative approach may take years, it is the first step to providing CGM to a patient population in much need. Also recently, ACE and the Endocrine Society recommended a code change to the AMA CPT Editorial Panel to increase physician reimbursement for real-time CGM. This continues to reinforce the importance of real-time CGM for diagnostic use. And with the only real-time professional system on the market, we intend to further expand on this opportunity. So as I look at our results for the quarter, our R&D pipeline and external factors developing around us, I continue to be very impressed by our performance. Product revenue is up 64% year over year and 25% sequentially. Gross margins were 68% for the quarter, up four margin points. Absent non-cash charges our net income would have been $8.2 million. There have been those who question our ability to leverage the commercial side of our business. Well, we increased product revenues year over year by $22.7 million, and we added only $6.2 million of cash-based SG&A expense. I'm pretty sure that's leverage. And while many companies are issuing warnings about their second half revenue expectations, we are increasing our guidance to a range of $220 million to $235 million in product revenue. In conclusion, we are very pleased with our second quarter financial performance. Our product revenue growth is unparalleled. Average year-over-year quarterly product revenue growth has been 66% since the launch of the G4 PLATINUM. We continue to make significant investments in our commercial infrastructure and our product pipeline to position DexCom for its long-term objectives. And we are proving our business model, as our cash-based profitability continues to improve. Thank you, and we'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question is going to come from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Can you talk first about the breakdown of the hardware? You said it was about 13% in the quarter, again, consistent with what you've seen. What is your estimate of which part of that is new patients versus replacement hardware for existing patients?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, it's 30% hardware and 70% consumables. And consistent with our prior calls, we're not going to disclose or break down between new patients and existing patients. You can't keep growing at 60% without adding a whole lot of new patients. And all that -- when we consider that our business is evolving to the point we're not going to be able to provide that number on a timely basis. Give you a couple of examples; as we stated in our remarks, 13% of our revenues are international. We don't know if those are new or existing patients. Animas buys transmitters for Vibes in Europe, and soon they'll be buying them in the U.S. But in Europe, in particular, we don't know if those are new and existing patients either. Finally, we're moving to a pharmacy distribution model where a patient will be able to walk into a drug store and pick up a starter kit. We don't know if that's a new patient or existing one either. So at the end of the day, until we have Gen 5 streaming into the cloud, we won't know if those are new or existing patients. So at the end of the day, we're not going to give a whole lot more than we've given. Our business is moving too fast. By breaking out hardware sales and ASPs, we think we've provided you'll enough information to estimate patient numbers given basic utilization and attrition rates.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And there was a comment at ADA relative to timeline disruption from the new software algorithm with G4. Terry, can you comment on the ability to push that algorithm out to existing patients with the current system, versus would you wait for G5, and talk about when that could happen. I know you've got SHARE coming by year-end, but just update us on the algorithm please.
Terry Gregg: Yes. It's difficult to estimate when or what we're going to do with that, because it is a timing issue, and it's in the hands of the Food and Drug Administration. And so, if you look at the iteration of products, as we've indicated we expect to file Gen 5 before the end of the year, and it becomes a timing issue of what is most appropriate for the patient population and what's most appropriate for DexCom. And quite frankly at this point, without greater visibility of when that may get approved, we've refrained from making a decision on which version that we will introduce the new algorithm. And when we make that decision, of course everybody will know of that decision. Now from a standpoint of how we will implement it, we do -- and as you know, we have the ability to upgrade software through the Internet. And so, that is one mechanism that is available to us, much like you would upgrade software on a laptop or a PC, which we issue a code, you put it in and we have confirmation that you uploaded it correctly. But stay tuned, I mean that's the best I can give you at this point.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And last quick question from me. Obviously, the peds is growing very, very quickly right out of the blocks. Was there any indication of an impact on the adult adds? It doesn't like seem there was, but I just wanted to ask.
Kevin Sayer: No, Ben, everything is going according to plan. The patients buying second transmitters, the new patients that we're adding and sensor re-orders, everything is right in line with what we expected.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Mike Weinstein out of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: I just wanted to follow-up on Ben's last question on the pediatric comment that you made on the prepared remarks. Obviously that's much more rapid than we were expecting in terms of the early response in pediatric. Do you have any read on sustainability since it was a bolus here that you got this quarter, or do you have any sense that anything that you saw on the pediatric side this quarter isn't going to continue?
Kevin Sayer: You know what, I'll take it and then let Terry add some other comments. Based on what we've seen at the various meetings we've attended and our visits in the field with endocrinologists, if anything we think the pediatric market is grossly underpenetrated, and this is not just a bolus, it's just the start of something that can be fabulous. Terry, if you want to add anything to that?
Terry Gregg: No, no, I would echo Kevin's comments. We see the sustainability of this type of ramp. Obviously, clearly a lot of unmet need in parents, in particular driving the adoption for their children. They will of course do anything possible to keep their children safe. And this is an extremely accurate, reliable tool, and it's a very well-educated population in terms of the parents as well, and they communicate. And so we've seen just this increase. If it's any indication, again, mentioning children with diabetes in Friends For Life meeting, we were quite pleased that we saw a lot of kids walking around with DexCom's CGM and coming up and thanking us as teenagers or younger, and certainly their parents thanking us. So we think there is still a lot of upside opportunity here.
Kevin Sayer: And Mike, I'd add one other thing. When we add connectivity to this mix for parents and pediatrics, then the show really starts.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Yes, yes, understood. Let me just make sure I'm clear on the timing, latest timing thoughts. So on G5 submission, do the partnerships and the timing of those impact at all your assumed submission or are you still assuming that that filing is maybe late this year, but more likely early part of 2015?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, it will be late this year, early next year. And we separate the Gen 5 filing from all the partnership activities. That is our development effort. The partners will file their systems, Tandem and Animas have filed with Gen 4, and we will continue to support those companies in all their efforts with Gen 4 hardware. But we will file and move on to Gen 5 for ourselves when it gets approved, and then we'll go back and figure out how to integrate our technological upgrades with the pump partners as time goes on.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Okay. And as we think about the goal of fingerstick replacement, is the thought process based on the data you've got from what we saw at ADA, is the thought that that still waits until we get to G6 and you eliminate some of the noise factors with acetaminophen and some other medicines, or is there any possibility to get that with G5?
Kevin Sayer: Mike, it's a good question. We've discussed this with the agency. With a 9% MARD our accuracy is there and the consistency of the performance of Gen 4 is there with this new algorithm. We're going to start putting together information and risk mitigation factors and all the things that the FDA would want to see this, and we'll see what we can learn and do with the Gen 4 system and then apply to Gen 5, because it theoretically would be the same algorithm, the same sensor. So we're going to proceed with that with our current system and label it accordingly with respect to acetaminophen. If the agency comes back and says something different that's fine, but we're going to figure out this path now, we're not going to wait.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from William Plovanic out of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: So a couple of questions. First of all, so what exactly are the features and benefits you plan on having included in G5, because it's pretty fluid? So I'm just curious, where do we stand now?
Kevin Sayer: Specifically, Gen 5 from a sensor perspective will be a Gen 4 PLATINUM sensor built on the same manufacturing line with the same membranes. We won't change the core manufacturing processes. With respect to the user interface, that will be a mobile app launched initially on an iPhone platform and it will be a different interface than what we have today. And we've done a lot of human factors work and patient work to make sure that is a good interface and will go through and add benefit to our patients. With respect to the algorithm, that's going to depend, as Terry talked about uncertainty due to the timing of the G4 AP algorithm; do we include that in Gen 5, do we do it earlier? Do we wait and do it after? We're kind of working through some of those issues now, and we haven't made a decision. But the key factor on Gen 5 is, the transmitter has a Bluetooth chip in it, it will talk directly to a cell phone and another device. So you can have two devices that receive a signal from that transmitter. And we will offer the patients a receiver that receives a Bluetooth signal as well, so they have a backup in case their phone battery goes dead. So that's how we're positioning the basic feature set of Gen 5, and then we'll go from there.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. So the factory calibration, or the replacement claim or insulin dosing claim, you don't know if that will be part of it or not yet?
Kevin Sayer: We don't know, and Bill, those things are independent from each other. We are going to pursue the dosing claim based on the accuracy of the sensor, actually, as it sits in the current Gen 4 platform. And then in fact if we can get that claim, we would apply it to the Gen 5 system because again, it's the same sensor and the same algorithm that we're using now. So we are kind of looking at that as an independent feature and we'll move it into the product feature set as quickly as we can. We are not going to hold up Gen 5 waiting for that. We'd love to include it if we could and we're actively engaged, as I said earlier, in dialogue with the agency on how to get there.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: And then factory calibration?
Kevin Sayer: That won't happen with Gen 4. That will be -- we'll start reducing calibrations with Gen 6.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: So -- perfect. I'm just trying to -- this is pretty fluid on the generation, what's the features and benefits, so that's helpful. And then to switch over to the peds. The insurance coverage today, if you think of the policies that are out there, what does insurance coverage look like for peds, because I remember initially it was 25 and older in terms of the payers. How does it look today?
Terry Gregg: We've never -- even though, as you mention, the coverage decision was 25 and older, but we never had any push-back from the payers regarding the pediatric; even though their policy said X, in reality, they were reimbursing for it. So it's been no big change from the standpoint of the reimbursement landscape once we got the pediatric indication.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: So it's all pre-approvals, right? You have to go through a pre-approval process and they end up.
Terry Gregg: I mean, it's a mix of prior authorization in some cases or just on recommendation, depending upon the policy, recommendation by the physician that patient is failing to achieve adequate glycemic control, as measured by the physician, not necessarily by some numeric number.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: And then last question I have is, that's a very impressive gross margin number. I think you're already addressing the levels you expected to hit and kind of max out at. What do you project that gross margins can go to off the current sensor now?
Kevin Sayer: You know, the biggest factor here is volumes, Bill. We know that we can apply more overhead, the more sensors we manufacture, we can gain some efficiencies. We've always said 70% to 80% maximum with the current sensor, probably a target more like 75% on the Gen 4 sensor would be where we would fall out, assuming pricing remains consistent, in that $70 to $75 range. We're going to have to have some advances with respect to new manufacturing techniques and some of the hardware elements of the sensor, particularly the applicator, before we can drive them down even further. So we're pretty close now. We can get more efficient with respect to returns and with respect to the electronics manufacturing. And we have cost improvement initiatives on all these things that are ongoing currently. But as far as picking up 10% more margin points next year, that's probably not happening.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: And then, you mentioned the applicator. Is that part of G5 or no?
Kevin Sayer: Not the first pass.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question is going to come from Tom Gunderson out of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray : As you guys said, the numbers speak for themselves, so I'll just go on a couple of the topics that you brought up. One is CMS, Medicare patients, 500,000, they say it's not medically necessary and everybody else in the world says that this is -- whether it's necessary or not, it is good for the patient and good for costs. I'm curious, and, yes, you can go through Congress, we know how effective that's been for others. Terry, is this a person that can be swayed, is it a committee, is it a stiff arm that says no way under any circumstances? What do you think it would take to turn CMS around, other than a change in the laws?
Terry Gregg: Well, I think the easiest way to achieve it is to get a claim of non-adjunctive for our therapeutic dosing claim. I think that clears the decks. And that's the quickest way to change the -- and it is by committee, Tom, it's not by a single individual, strong arming the system. And so from that standpoint, you've heard Kevin talk about the emphasis on getting to a claim. We've had these open active discussions with the agency about how we achieve that. We have to identify risks and mitigation of those risks with Gen 4 for an adjunctive claim, but we're well on our way down that pathway. And although I think the legislative effort just bolsters some of the other things that we're doing and increases awareness, I still think that to change the policy decision we will have to achieve that new claim.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray : And then on the New England Journal article and all the buzz that went around the Russell system, we've maybe gotten too immune to that over the years and hearing the data and seeing things come out. But now you get a major journal, you get a big media attention at ADA. It probably -- I'm guessing, correct me if I'm wrong -- didn't have an impact on Q2. Do you feel like getting that kind of media attention and people going, oh yes, there is a CGM that works, gets you some of the uplift that you expect for the rest of the year?
Terry Gregg: No. I think it's still early in the whole progress of artificial pancreas that, certainly we are the choice of the overwhelming majority of artificial pancreas programs around the globe. But I would caution the audience that for the most part outside of the things that Medtronic Diabetes is doing in AP, the rest of these are all investigator-initiated trials. So they're not really company sponsored. They're individual companies participating, but coordinated by academic centers. And so, I think there is a lot of work that needs to be done. And if we just look at all the different component parts, they all have to come together. And I think even FDA was at Keystone last month and got up and said, in their view the artificial pancreas will be a combination of different component parts supplied by different companies coming together to create a unique product. There are challenges, and if we just look at the insulin, I mean everybody pretty much agrees that the insulin isn't fast enough, it's not predictable enough. And you've got glucagon; if you're using a bihormonal system there's never been a stabilized glucagon, so all the work that has to go into that to get a new drug essentially through the FDA, I just think there is a lot of work that needs to be done. So we get the goodwill associated with being a premier product in that space. But when the rubber meets the road, it's the performance of the G4 PLATINUM and the confidence that patients get out of using it and the trust. That's really what is driving our Q2 numbers and hopefully for the rest of the year as well.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray : Got it. Last question, a quick one; you and Kevin have taught us the seasonality between Q4 and Q1 and the things that go into that. It's hard to see seasonality when you grow 64%. It covers a lot. Do you think there is any seasonality, positive or negative, in summertime?
Terry Gregg: Well, we've got July under our belt, and I would only say we've got to get August and September. I think summer ends September 21, or something like that. So I'm not going to comment on the seasonality of this summer. There are so many things and factors that are going on that it's hard to be predictive. I will predict that seasonality that Q1 is going to be different than Q4 -- Q1, 2015. But remember that as installed base grows and the number of sensors, the impact on seasonality is because patients do need sensors in the first quarter, it lessens as the influence of disposables becomes much more prevalent than our durables. So stay tuned. One other comment before I go off, is pharmacy benefit also has a mitigating factor because for those patients that do have pharmacy benefit coverage, first year seasonality is immaterial.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray : Can you quantify that?
Terry Gregg: And of course our international business is completely immune to seasonality.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray : You quantified international at 13%, Can you quantify pharmacy benefit?
Terry Gregg: I'll look at Kevin because he's the numbers guy.
Kevin Sayer: We're kind of holding back on that, Tom. We will probably give an upgrade on that at the first of the year, but we are moving rapidly. And so, there's -- a good number of patients are getting processed that way. And contracts are falling into line the way we want them to.
Operator: Our next question is going to come from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies : Wondered if I could just ask a little bit about the mobile platform? You've now signed up Insulet to put data on that as well. Maybe you could just describe a little bit about one, where you are in that, I guess the SHARE system is supposed to be feeding into that or will soon. For the current generation, the Gen 5 will feed into it off the cell phone. Is that the path we should think about that, and as you start to add other systems to this as well, is there a revenue component that goes along with this also? Maybe just some broad thoughts would be helpful on how we should frame that?
Steve Pacelli: Yes, Raj. This is Steve. So, you've articulated it the right way. So SHARE will be the first entre into the mobile platform, not truly a mobile product in the sense that the SHARE cradle is plugged into the wall. It's essentially a docking station for the G4 PLATINUM receiver. So we look at Gen 5, although much of the backend infrastructure for Gen 5 is the same as -- that we built for SHARE, Gen 5 is truly the first mobile product, where the patient will interact with their CGM data directly on the smartphone. With respect to Insulet, you should assume that the Insulet -- the mobile app that we developed with Insulet, or on behalf of Insulet, will be an iteration of the base Gen 5 app. So we'll file and release a Gen 5 system and Insulet will -- or we will follow with probably a PMA supplement to our Gen 5 app that will incorporate their insulin on board data. The deal that was announced -- the extension of the deal that was announced yesterday is really -- again, it's all about flexibility and convenience for the patient. So the deal yesterday was really just to extend, where Insulet would be incorporating their insulin on board data and their insulin data into our mobile app, the deal that we announced yesterday is kind of the reverse of that, where they will be able to develop some software that they'll develop and incorporate into their handheld that will enable the patient to have CGM access on their PDM. Remember something that Kevin said earlier in the call that the architecture of Gen 5 is such that it can pair to two devices at the same time. So a patient using the Insulet system -- once all of these software developments are completed, a patient would be able to pair with their Insulet handheld and be paired with their smartphone at the same time. I guess the key distinction would be on our smartphone app, the patient out of the gate will not be able to control insulin delivery from their smartphone, whereas the software being develop by Insulet would be a fully contained medical device system so that patient would be able to interact with their OmniPod as well as their CGM data in one location.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies : Okay. But this idea of also the cloud-based system, where you're going to be collecting data that can be used remotely, if somebody wants to monitor a child for instance, are there -- is it contemplated that Insulet or other partners will be adding data to that type of system as well? Or is it really just this local arrangement as you've kind of described it?
Steve Pacelli: I'd call that a to-be-determined. The key factor there is, right that you need to have network connectivity. It'd be a good question for you to ask the Insulet folks tomorrow during their call. I'm not sure if their next gen handheld, if they're intending to have cellular connectivity, because the key to that remote monitoring is being able to have a network connected device and be able to have basically real-time data transmitted from the handheld device. So certainly, that is a DexCom goal, and we'll certainly be going down that path with Gen 5. I'm not sure that any of these other partners. When you talk about cloud-based data sharing or this open architecture strategy that we've adopted, you need to make sure you're clear between what is real-time data versus what is retrospective data, capable of review and doing analytics and things by a physician or even by the patient retrospectively. We're not opening up our architecture other than potentially to a couple of the pump companies at this point to any real-time transmission. The FDA has been pretty clear that if it's real-time data being used or capable of use for therapeutic purposes, they've been very clear with us that that will absolutely be a Class III regulated medical device. So for example, when we talk about -- we mentioned in our prepared remarks an integration with Tidepool, which is an organization, a non-profit looking to develop some analytical tools and aggregate data from a multitude of devices. The data that Tidepool would be updating and integrating into their software platform would not be real-time data. This is going to be retrospective data that the patient or the clinician would be able to use kind of after the fact to adjust -- potentially use to adjust treatment, adjust insulin, adjust diet, exercise, things like that. But it would not be the same as what patients will be using our real-time data app on the phone, or for Insulet, for example using -- having access to that CGM data with real-time alerts, et cetera. So that you got to make sure you draw that distinction between the types of data sharing that we're going to be doing going forward.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies : No, understood. Just one last question on this topic in terms of -- is there a business model around it in the sense that -- other than obviously driving better adoption and sensor utilization, is there another revenue stream that you contemplate from the data component of this? Don't -
Steve Pacelli: No, if I had to guess right now, I would say probably not, but it's something that we're certainly still exploring. Certainly I don't think doctors are going to pay for it and I certainly don't think patients are going to pay for it. To the extent down the road we're able to show financial benefit and improved outcomes, potentially payers might be willing to pay for something like this on a monthly basis or something. But I would tell you, from our perspective I don't think we're counting on it. It's certainly more important to drive utilization -- particularly in the pediatric market, right, if parents have real-time access, real-time, all-the-time access to their child's data, I think that's a pretty powerful tool that will help ensure consistent utilization of in-drive sensor sales. So I don't think we're looking to monetize it at this point, but we'll explore it as we move down the path.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question is going to come from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners : I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on pediatrics, 25% to 35% of new patient adds this quarter. Is that mix sort of the mix we should think about going forward? Do you think it should be higher than that? And then, a follow up on utilization -- sensor utilization amongst peds, is it dramatically different than with adults?
Kevin Sayer: The launch is so early, I don't have a good indicator for pediatric utilization and we haven't run those numbers. Gut feel, based on the kids we've seen, I think utilization is very high, as we're around them. With respect to 25% to 30% of our new patients, that's where this quarter came out. We've often said that we'd like to see our total revenue base get up to 30% of our revenues derived from the pediatric market. And as Terry said in his remarks, we're up to 16%. So this is a good starting point. It's certainly better than we did in Q1 and we'll just keep going from there.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners : And then as far as number of endocrinologists that you're speaking to, have you started touching on the pediatric-only endocrinologists? I think there is 800 to 1,000 that you've talked about in the past. Where are you in penetrating those physicians? And that's it for me. Thanks so much.
Kevin Sayer: We are early in the process and what we've learned is with some of the physicians we definitely had a running start. And with some of the others, we've got huge educational efforts. That's why Terry and I both characterize this as a very big opportunity, because there is a lot of education we've got to do, but ultimately what we end up with is a lot of very happy customers. So we're focusing pretty heavily on that. Our team is out in the field and they're doing a great job.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is going to come from Jan Wald from Benchmark. Please go ahead.
Erica Layon - Benchmark : So this is Erica in for Jan. I just have a couple questions, since it's been such a thorough Q&A session so far. As far as Medicare, is that something where you'd mostly be looking for a therapeutic indication to drive it, or possibly doing a study to look at the benefits and what cost benefit you'll have from the reduced adverse events -- or reduced problems with poor insulin control?
Terry Gregg: Yes, no, it's clearly a therapeutic benefit that you would no longer have to rely solely on fingersticks in order to adjust your insulin dose. With respect to doing a large base clinical trial, I don't think it's necessary at this point. Obviously, it's a patient population that is substantial, a lot of the clinical work that has gone on in the past has been inclusive of age appropriate patients, but none of them have been standalone enough to generate an independent analysis of that segment. But as I think we go along, once we have that adjunctive claim then the need to do additional clinical work in a specific age populated group is not requireable.
Erica Layon - Benchmark : Okay. That sounds fantastic and definitely should help you keep your costs down, which leads into the second question. We're going to ask about when we could look for you to really start driving this through, but this quarter showed that you are showing some great leverage. Is that something that we can start holding you accountable for?
Kevin Sayer: That's a good question. And here's -- I'll answer that. Certainly we strive to achieve leverage here, there's no question. But we also take opportunities to spend on a discretionary basis, as we see growth coming. We have a study that we're starting later this year that will have several hundred patients to whereby we're going to really evaluate the efficacy of CGM with respect to lowering A1cs, with respect to healthcare costs. It's going to be a several million dollar effort for us, something we would've never considered a couple of years ago. We also take opportunities, and we've taken opportunities in R&D and in our clinical trial group over the first six months, as we've seen growth, to spend a little more money to do some things. We've accelerated our spending on the Gen 6 sensor a bit, because our results in our early feasibility studies have been so promising. We've accelerated some spending on miniaturizing electronics as well, because the more we travel, the more we hear: make this thing simple and easy for us to use, and small is a big piece of that equation. So yes, we're trying to obtain leverage, but no, we don't go to bed worrying about that as much as we go to bed about winning the race of getting the best technology to market as fast as we can. That's how we balance it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Mimi Pham from ABR Health Company. Please go ahead.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health Company : For the Vibe, I know J&J is controlling that launch schedule and strategy, but can you comment on if there are any constraints on your end from J&J launching post approval, within days, weeks?
Steve Pacelli: Mimi, I can't comment specifically, but what I can tell you is I've been very impressed with their efforts in the pre-commercialization stage, which is what I'd describe us right now. I think if they get a timely approval, and I don't want to quantify is timely, within the next month or two probably, I think they will make a concerted effort to try to launch the product this year. There are no constraints on our end, we're ready to go.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health Company : And then, in terms of the international strength, was that from more favorable international coverage in any region or is that just due to stronger uptake of the Vibe or J&J increasing their marketing efforts internationally with the Vibe?
Kevin Sayer: Well, J&J has done very well with Vibe, but it's not just Vibe. We are growing in several of our countries. We have some core countries, Germany, the Netherlands, we've done very well in Canada with our launch this year. We do very well in Italy, and Sweden is a huge market for us, and the physicians there in Sweden have figured out some ways to get some very good reimbursement. Those countries are all growing rapidly. Vibe's included in that mix, but our distributors are doing very well by us also. So it's both.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health Company : Okay, and then, last question, in terms of the initial interest in the G4 PLATINUM Professional version. Is it coming mainly from your existing customers or is it attracting any new endos to CGM?
Terry Gregg: Yes, well, it's both. Obviously, the goal here is to replace the SEVEN PLUS Professional with the G4. But I think additionally, since it is real time, there is a common theme amongst endocrinologists that even on a diagnostic tool, having the patient be able to visualize the information is important as part of the whole training process; whether or not the patient ultimately migrates to their own personal use, which is one of the draws of having this, but also the lessons that they can learn just in the week that they're on it versus a blinded unit, I think is driving many of the physicians to replace their former system that was a blinded system with one that is un-blinded.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Mike Rich - Raymond James: This is Mike Rich, calling in for Jayson. Just referring back to the pharmacy benefit strategy, what accelerates that conversion? Is there anything specific that you need to provide some of the large PBMs before them coming on-board, or is it just timing? And then just as a follow-up to that, you mentioned ASPs were modestly up this quarter. Longer-term, as you shift to the pharmacy channel, does that pressure ASPs or can you withstand that?
Kevin Sayer: Well, as we said earlier, our target ASPs on sensors are $70 to $75 per sensor. And as we model these out for the various payers and the PBMs, the wholesalers, this entire distribution channel, that's where we're focusing to realize our net ASP, at least within that range. And so, we're assuming pricing can remain the same. With respect to driving that, it's a function of a number of things, getting PBMs signed up. We'd already announced our Express Scripts arrangement. Our Caremark arrangement is known as well. On top of that, we look at individual payers who can then flip the switch and go over to the benefit administered by those groups. There's also several other payers who administer their own mail-order pharmacies, who we've been in negotiations with, and combine that with even the pharmacies, the retail channel in general. What this represents for us is a sales and distribution opportunity that's not at all like what we've ever done before. So there's a learning curve here for us and we're learning as we go, but we've had some pretty good success. And like we said last call, I reiterate again, any patient that comes in here, we ping -- we call it ping, we ping their pharmacy benefit first. If we can get them product through the pharmacy at a lower co-pay, we run with it. And we've had some pretty good success with that program.
Terry Gregg: Yes. I would only say, on the pricing, what we really look at is the reduction in transactional costs. So on both sides of the equation, the pharmacy side, they're doing less paperwork. And as a result of that, they have less embedded cost. The same is true for us. If we can run it through a pharmacy, we don't have all the paperwork accumulation and submission and the cost associated with that. Every time we touch a piece of paper, it costs something as part of that. So this is a streamlined system. So from a COGS standpoint and our operating margin on it, we can be a bit lenient in this in terms of negotiation, because volume here will more than offset any price concessions that we might have to make in the end.
Kevin Sayer: Yes.
Mike Rich - Raymond James: That's helpful. And then the expanded agreement with Insulet was a pleasant surprise, especially considering the size of their pediatric user base. Do you have an idea what percent of your user base is currently using the OmniPod?
Steve Pacelli: We have an idea, but we are not going to disclose it.
Mike Rich - Raymond James: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And then lastly, Terry, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that sensor utilization has been stronger than ever. Did you see any changes in the quarter as it relates to utilization, relative to let's say the last 12 months? Did you see it? Generally we're looking at, we estimate 10-day wear on average. Did that trend up,-down or was it just more patients ordering sensors?
Terry Gregg: Just more patients ordering sensors. We have not really seen a particular change in the days of utilization, as you said, in the last 12 months per se. I do think that as you add more patients, maybe some of them, initially at least, will use the product according to labeled indication. And then as they get smarter or more experienced they may try to push it to the days you've said, that you've indicated. Obviously, we never recommend that, so we really don't monitor that other than what people say on the blogs.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question is going to come from Greg Chodaczek out of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Greg Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee: Yes. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just one quick one for you, Kevin. You said non-cash stock-based comp was $13.2 million for Q2. You said it's going to be at least that per quarter for the next three quarters, is that what you were saying?
Kevin Sayer: Through the end of Q1 of 2015, that's correct.
Greg Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee: Okay. And what percentage of users are type 2, do you look at those?
Kevin Sayer: No. We really don't have a good number to give you there.
Terry Gregg: Certainly less than 5%.
Kevin Sayer: Yes. That's probably the easiest way to say it.
Greg Chodaczek - Sterne, Agee: And I'll try this one. What percentage of hardware was transmitters?
Kevin Sayer: Nice try.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tao Levy from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities: So just actually following up on that last one. Last quarter you talked about the transmitters and kind of seeing a bump up in that hardware. Was there anything special about that piece of the business this quarter?
Kevin Sayer: It remains very strong.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities: Okay. And sales force adds, any changes there in the quarter, are you still around 90?
Kevin Sayer: We're still at the same place, and with respect to sales force adds, our typical process is we get to the end of the third quarter and early in the fourth quarters, we budget for next year. We start looking at doing the adds in Q4, and that would be our plan again this year, that we'll remain stable through this quarter. We're seeing our people really get up to speed now that we added late last year and now they're firing on all cylinders, the new ones. So we'll wait till the end of Q3, and if we are looking at an expansion next year, we'll start the ball rolling in Q4 and have them all up to speed and hired by early Q1 2015.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities: Okay. Great. And just lastly, on the Gen 5 and it being designed for the mobile environment, the regulatory process for the devices where you'll be -- where a patient will be able to get the transmission, so the smartwatch or -- will that be regulated as a PMA type product, or not, I guess?
Steve Pacelli: Yes. I mean what the FDA has said to us is that again, it's back to that real-time information versus retrospective information. To the extent that information is real-time coming from the transmitter, then it will absolutely be subject to our Class III PMA regulation. So what that means is our expectation, for example, for the Gen 5 system is that the PMA system that the FDA will evaluate would be a receiver -- a dedicated receiver, a transmitter, and the disposable sensors, and this time it would also include a software application that would be included as part of the PMA. So to the extent we could load a PMA-approved software application on a phone or that same or similar PMA-approved software application on a Pebble Watch, for example, we don't believe that the Pebble Watch, just like the smartphone, would become part of the system, the regulated system. It's just the software application sitting on that device that would be part of the PMA. Does that make sense?
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities: Yes, but the goal would be in that smartwatch to be able to get the real time data?
Steve Pacelli: Certainly, we -- again, back to our objective, which is maximum flexibility for the patient, we'd love to be able to put that application on a multitude of devices to let the patient choose where they want to see their CGM readings.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our next question is going to come from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Looking over the model, the guidance of $220 million to $235 million, to get to the low end, you'd have to do about $114 million of revenue in the back half. You did $106 million. Our model, just kind of cursory adjustments here, we've got you growing at relatively modest rates sequentially, like 1% for the third quarter, and then a more typical growth in the fourth. Why would -- how conservative is that $220 million to $235 million range relative to some of the trends we've seen?
Kevin Sayer: Well, we've been waiting for this question all afternoon, I do have to tell you that, Ben. So thank you. As we put the guidance together, we typically do annual guidance and we look at -- we'd committed to 40% growth for the entire year and $220 million represents a 40% growth number. $235 million is upwards, closer to 50%. We have typically experienced a very slow sequential growth from Q2 to Q3. Last year that was a bigger growth number. As we put this guidance together, we didn't anticipate the big change like we did last year. The other thing to look is, there's this law of growing on a bigger base. Typically, our first half and second half split had been 45% first half, 55% second half, last year it was 40%/60%. So the second half was much, much bigger. So as we looked at the numbers and looked at what we're doing, we moved our range up to there on just some broad brush assumptions. We did not go back into every single kit we're going to sell, new patients, upgrades or all the other stuff. We looked at big picture numbers and felt as a low end the 40% growth we'd committed to at the beginning of the year was a good low end, and we took it up to $235 million at the high end, and that's how we got there. I will add, we will -- similar to what we did last year, we're going to follow the same pattern we did last year at the end of the third quarter. If we see something different, we'll give you an update on guidance and what we think we're going to do by the end of the year, at the end of the next quarter.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Sure. So Kevin, just to push you a little bit. I mean we're -- just rolling this through, we end up at the high end of the range and we were before. But that suggests hardware revenue at about $67 million. We've got about $30 million of replacement hardware baked in, don't even need to increase that but probably could, which it does imply, even still a relatively modest utilization rate, compared to what you could see as peds ramp as a percent and patients are a little bit more compliant with label. So I appreciate the conservatism certainly in terms of setting expectations, but in terms of kind of what is maybe more likely than not coming through, it seems like even the $235 million is probably more like a middle of a range in terms of what's realistic for the year, in our view.
Kevin Sayer: Okay. I mean, we'll -- that's good.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to you, Terry.
Terry Gregg: Thank you. So, there continues to be a growing adoption of CGM as a key tool to better manage a patient's diabetes and DexCom enjoys the status of the most accurate and durable CGM ever commercially introduced. It is a testament to our technical staff, of what they have accomplished and the fact that DexCom continues to raise the bar. As an example, just last week Becton Dickinson announced it was shutting down its CGM program due to technical issues when moving into human feasibility testing. We have long stated that developing an accurate and reliable CGM is extremely challenging and very expensive. This is further proof of how difficult our work truly is and clearly supports our unique position in the diabetes industry. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - Chief Executive Officer Kevin Sayer - President and COO Jess Roper - Chief Financial Officer Steve Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
Analysts: Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity Ben Andrew - William Blair Robbie Marcus - J.P. Morgan Raj Denhoy - Jefferies Mimi Pham - ABR Health Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners Greg Chodaczek - Sterne Agee Jayson Bedford - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Terry Gregg. You may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you and thanks for joining us. As is our standard practice, I am going to ask Steve Pacelli read our Safe Harbor statement. Steve?
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance, and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating performance. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. Presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Pacelli, you just heard from our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. As we just held our Q4 2013 earnings call in late February, today's call will be largely a financial update with Kevin reviewing our first quarter 2014 financial results and providing a brief business update. I will then follow with some concluding thoughts. Kevin?
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. We will start with the financial update. DexCom generated $46.7 million in product revenue for the first quarter of 2014, compared to $27.8 million for the same quarter in 2013 and $18.9 million or 68% increase. Sequentially product revenue for Q1 of 2014 decreased 9% from the prior quarter and improvement over the 12% decrease we experienced from Q4 2012 to Q1 2013. This seasonality is not unexpected as annual insurance deductibles reset and flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded in the first quarter requiring patient to spend more out of pocket dollars to obtain our products. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2014 was $47.1 million, compared to $29.6 million during the same quarter in 2013. Our product gross profit totaled $29.8 million generating a product gross margin of 64% for the first quarter 2014, compared to product gross profit of $15.4 million and product gross margin of 55% for the same quarter in the prior year. Sequentially product gross margin in Q1 2014 decreased slightly from the prior quarter. The decrease is attributable to lower product sales during Q1 and a slight shift in our mix of durable and consumable sales resulting from an increase in replacement transmitter sales. During Q1 2014 our mix between durable and consumable products was approximately 32% durable and 68% consumable. Consistent with prior periods we anticipate that margins will improve over the course of year as volumes continue to increase, particularly consumable product sales. Some final thoughts on our product revenue and gross profits, ASP for sensors has stayed consistent at approximately $7 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware continued at approximately $850 per starter kit. Q1 2014 also represents the first quarter where we have seen a significant increase in standalone transmitter sales and the ASP on standalone -- on a standalone transmitter is between $400 and $500 depending upon the payer mix during a given quarter. Finally, our international business continues to exceed our expectations. In the first quarter grew faster than our domestic sales. Turning to our expenses, our total operating expenses for the first quarter were $42.1 million, compared to total operating expenses of $27.4 million during Q1 2013 and $36.4 million for the preceding quarter. The major component of this increase relates to non-cash share-based compensation expense, which is largely tied to the performance of our stock price through the end of March 2014. We know better share price more than doubled from the end of Q1 2013 and increased 17% during the first quarter of 2014 alone. As a result, our total non-cash equity related charges for Q1 2014 were $9.9 million, compared to $7.1 million in Q4 2013 and compared to just $5.3 million in Q1 2013. Research and development expense totaled $14.5 million for Q1 of 2014, compared to $9.3 million in Q1 of 2013 and $12.6 million in Q4 of 2013. The year-over-year increase in R&D expense includes a $2.1 million increase in non-cash equity related expense. The remaining increase relates to continued investment in the product pipeline, focusing upon increase accuracy, improved connectivity, patient convenience and lower cost with our ultimate goal of replacing finger sticks. For example, during Q1 2013, we were not running any major clinical studies and had no open submissions with the FDA. Compare that to Q1 2014, where we conducted a number of clinical studies related future technology, new sensors, new algorithms, enhance labeling, failure connectivity and general product improvements. And we have a number of pending submissions with the FDA at this time, including DexCom SHARE, the DexCom G4 system for professional use, the SweetSpot cloud-based system and several others. We believe all of these efforts will ultimately lead to better experience for our patients and enhance our future growth and profitability. Sequentially, R&D expense was up 15% or 66% of the increase were $1.2 million centered in incremental non-cash equity related expense. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $27.6 million in Q1 of 2014, compared to $18.1 million during the same quarter in 2013, an increase of $9.5 million. SG&A expense for the preceding quarter was $23.8 million, again compared to $27.6 million this quarter. The increased SG&A expense relates primarily to additional headcount for our commercial infrastructure as we scale the business for continued revenue growth. We started 2013 with 48 sales territories. We now have close to 90 sales territories adding 22 -- 20 new territories near the end of 2013 and early 2014. In addition to the increased number of feet on the street, we have also added corresponding in-house infrastructure to support this growth. We continue to make significant investments in personnel to manage our payer and distributor relationships. Our headcount in this group is more than doubled since the beginning of 2013. This team has been extremely successful over the past several months as we continue to secure more and better direct contracts with payers, strengthen relationships with our current distributors and lay the foundation for CGM to become as a pharmacy benefit. Finally, the increase in SG&A expense year-over-year included $2.3 million increase in non-cash share-based compensation, sequentially non-cash share-based compensation expense increased by $1.3 million. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2014 totaled $12.5 million and included $12 million even in non-cash expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these charges our net loss would have been approximately $500,000 for Q1 2014, down from the preceding quarter due to the seasonal sequential decline in our product revenue and our investments for future growth. But this compares quite favorably to our cash base net loss for Q1 2013 of $3.9 million. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.17. It is worth noting that while our loss per share was higher than consensus the Street consensus OpEx number for Q1 was actually less than our Q4 2013 OpEx been. While we do not provide detailed P&L guidance, we did said during our last call that we entered Q1 with an additional 20 sales reps and we provided guidance that we expect that R&D expense for 2014 to be up between 10% to 20% versus 2013 and we anticipated an increase in SG&A expense of approximately 20% just for the growth. Additionally, we should clarify that the expense guidance we gave during our last call did not include the significant increases in equity related expenses I just discussed. In conclusion, we are very pleased with the first quarter financial performance. Our revenue growth is unparalleled. We continue to make significant investments on our commercial infrastructure and our product pipeline to position DexCom for future long-term objectives. On top of that our cash based profitability continues to improve as we develop a new category seek to disrupt an entire industry not just build company or product line. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $57.4 million in cash and marketable securities, up $2.8 million sequentially and with our continued debt availability we are quite comfortable with our cash position. Finally, we remain very comfortable with our current full year revenue guidance at this time and consistent with our past practices we will evaluate our range at the end of the second quarter and expect to provide an update on our next call. Now for the business update. As you know in February, we received FDA approval of an expanded indication for our G4 Platinum to include patients as young as two years of age. We began taking orders for our pediatric product immediately upon approval and we completed our initial shipments to patients within a matter of days. We are very pleased by the initial response of parents and practitioners to the pediatric product offering. We have seen the percentage of orders from pediatric patients continue to grow to approximately 20% of our current pipeline opportunities. However as weve learnt, we have a lot of work ahead of us. Since April, weve met with a number of pediatric endocrinologist in the field and other headquarters in San Diego to better understand this market. While many of these clinics are very excited for the pediatric opportunity, we believe it will take time to properly educate parents and caregivers about the benefits of CGM generally and about the superior performance of our system more specifically to grow the pediatric market at a level where it should be. We continue to have an active dialogue with the Food and Drug Administration regarding our current filings, the major ones being the DexCom share system and the expanded indication for G4 Platinum for professional use. We believe both are in the final stages of review. As you know in March, we received a warning letter from the FDA resulting from of November 2013 inspection of our facilities. The warning letter cites administrative efficiencies in our MDR reporting. There were no sanctions levied by the FDA and the warning letter does not impact our ability to manufacture and sell our product nor does it affect any of our pending or future submissions for product approvals. We are pleased to report that within three weeks of the receipt of this warning letter, we had submitted all materials we believe are necessary to demonstrate to the FDA satisfaction that we're in compliance with our reporting obligations. And we expect to close out the warning letter in due course. Turning to our future CGM product offerings. We remain focused on increased connectivity and convenience as a near-term goal and are replacing finger sticks as our primary long-term objective. And we continue to work on both Gen5 and Gen6 in an effort to achieve these goals. As we continue to advance our technology, we were very pleased to learn just last week that the FDA is formulating a new Expedited Access PMA program for medical devices that address major unmet clinical needs. This program will feature earlier and more interactive engagement with FDA staff that collaboratively developed plan for collecting data, to support approval, reduced premarket requirements and a priority review. While it remains to be seen whether and to what extent CGM will apply, this program certainly appears to be a significant effort by the FDA to further the availability of life-saving and life-changing products for patients. And we view this as a big step forward. Shifting to our integration partnerships, both Animas and Tandem continue to press forward with final development, testing and regulatory matters with their respective sensor-augmented pump systems. And we continue to assist them in these endeavors when asked. Id now like to turn the call over to Terry for concluding remarks.
Terry Gregg: Thanks Kevin. I'll start my comments by reflecting on something Kevin said earlier. At DexCom, we are developing an entirely new category seeking to disrupt an entire industry. There are some 25.8 million people in the United States living with diabetes, 1.5 to 1.7 5 million with type 1, 7 million undiagnosed and 80 million designated with pre-diabetes. Research published earlier this year showed a 70% increase in diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in children under the age of six during the period from 1985 to 2004. Expanding that globally, over 382 million people are affected with diabetes and that number is expected to pass 592 million in the next 15 years. What do all of these people have in common? They all suffer from the inability to adequately regulate their glucose levels. Why? Because episodic finger stick measurement simply aren't good enough. During the last decade, the number of people in the United States with insulin-treated diabetes rose by more than 50% and today it is estimated that one-third of patients with diabetes use insulin. But as insulin use has increased, so has the frequency of severe hypoglycemia. In fact, it is estimated that approximately 100,000 emergency room visits and 30,000 hospitalizations occur each year in the U.S. due to hypoglycemia. During the period from 2007 to 2011, approximately 9.2% of emergency room visits were for insulin-related hypoglycemia. Severe neurologic sequelae described a shock, loss of consciousness, seizure, associated injury or fall and hypoglycemia-altered mental states were documented in more than 60% of these cases and almost a third required hospital admission or transfer to another facility. With the average cost of a hospital admission for hypoglycemia at $17,000 and 30,000 admissions per year, the healthcare bill for this is over $0.5 billion and growing. Adding to the potential problem, there are over 400,000 new insulin users each year. You get the picture. So why Im telling you this? Because DexCom is the leading company in the world, addressing the challenges of maintaining adequate glucose control. Finger sticks can't do it alone, neither can an insulin pump. So when you look at DexCom and you look at our current product offerings or our robust pipeline, what you see is the evolution of an entirely new category in the market with enormous unmet needs. We continue to believe that simplicity, patient convenience and expanded connectivity paired with our superior sensor technology will enable us to maintain our leadership position in the CGM market. We are here now investing in tools to make diabetes management less complicated, less burdensome. We are not here solely as an accessory to an insulin pump or as a component to an artificial pancreas. And while we certainly are supportive of the efforts to develop an artificial pancreas, in fact we are the key enabling component of virtually all artificial pancreas research being conducted around the globe. We believe we also have a duty to support the vast majority of patients who either not up to use this technology due to the complexity or will never have access to it due to cost. These patients deserve better tools to manage their glucose levels as well. And we intend to develop products to meet the needs of all patients. There is growing consensus that transitioning to outcomes-based payment is fundamental to driving cost reducing innovation among providers in achieving a financially sustainable healthcare system. Almost everyone agrees that we must migrate from a largely fee-for-service system to one focused on delivering the best patient outcomes at the lowest possible cost. Medical device company such as ours need to be cognizant of this as we approach R&D. We will be successful only to the extent that we generate true cost reducing innovations. We believe our strategic initiatives such as superior accuracy and performance to obtain finger stick replacement open connectivity, miniaturization, and ultimately cost reduction will set DexCom apart. Our CGM first message has continued to change the behavior of healthcare practitioners to help them better understand glycemic variability and how to manage it more effectively. I have stated on many occasions that diabetes is a mystery to the patients who deal with it every single day and have to act dozens of times each day to address the challenges of glucose control. This evolution has never been fast enough for me. Although when I became CEO in 2007, the CGM market was negligible and today is approaching 10% penetration of the U.S. type 1 patient population. I'm of course proud to say that DexCom has a majority market share. Thank you. And with that, I will turn it over for a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We have a question from Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Hi. Good afternoon everybody. On the comment on transmitters has been a meaningful for the first time. Is that a slow rise or did that have something to do with last year especially in first quarter, a lot of people upgraded to Gen4 to get a whole new transmitter announced a year later. In other words, should we look for higher transmitter sales for the rest of the year or was this a one-off event?
Kevin Sayer: We believe there will be higher transmitter sales over the course of the year, Tom. Remember when we launched this, the labeled indication for it is six months. Our transmitters have been vastly lasting longer than that. So there is rise in transmitter sales. Its actually bit delayed over what we thought would happen. So yeah, we look for that to continue over the course of the year.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thanks Kevin. And then my last question is can you comment a little on competition to the extent that were getting a little bit more media attention both on Medtronic and on Flash?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. I mean, one thing I can say Tom is that if we look at what we did in the first quarter. We obviously did not feel much pressure in my opinion from a competitive landscape, either domestically or internationally in record quarters on both the U.S. as well as O-US. So that would be about the summation of my comment.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you. Thats it for me guys.
Operator: The next question is from William Plovanic from Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Great. Thanks. Good evening. Can you hear me okay?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Perfect. So just two -- couple of questions. First is pediatric, just what is -- how is this strategy different from pediatric. I think you told us it will roll out a little slower but how do you approach that market differently than your current adult population?
Kevin Sayer:  Bill, Terry and I've both been out on visit pediatric clinics and we are approaching them with the same sales team that we approach the adult ones with. What we both noted is we havent been there before. Weve not been an active presence in those clinics. We've complied with our labeling by not actively pursuing all of those. So although familiar with CGM, there is an educational component as we get parent, physicians, other caregivers up to speed and get them used to the experience in DexComs CGM. Even if they prescribed a few, they are not ready to move too many until they get little more experience with us. So its kind of like going into new territory, lack of a better example. We are kind of starting from scratch.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: But you did say and I guess I want to make sure, Im clear that 20% of your patients in the quarter were pediatric?
Kevin Sayer: No, I said 20% of the pipeline of our other pipelines.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: So, as I think of the quarter, I think historically you're running around 10% for peds. Did you move off of that? Has that increased a lot or?
Kevin Sayer: Somewhere between 10% and 20% would be a good number at this point in time.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Thats a nice tight range. Thank you. And then as we look -- if we look at the quarter, that was a very impressive durable number. And I think we are all going to try to find out or at least try to figure it out if, how much of that is new patient, how much of that is transmitter upgrade and I know you won't answer the question? So, Ill ask it this way. One, what type of year-over-year growth did you see in your new patient adds? And two, is there any type of mix that you might share with us for a revenue component, of that roughly $15 million of durables? 70% of it was new patient versus upgrades, transmitters, receiver, I mean, its all those types of things?
Kevin Sayer: You are correct. The first time, we will not share the new patient changes about the guidance between upgrades and new patients. Certainly on the kit side, weve said in previous calls that we typically run into 70%, 30% ratio over time. It may fluctuate more on one quarter to another based on deductibles. I think this quarters really relatively typical of what weve seen in the past. The increase in the durable sales really relates to more transmitters than a shift in new patients and upgrades or anything like that.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: So, would that mean inside that durable number, kind of, whats the mix of new patients to the therapy, just to the therapy versus your existing customers, all they are upgrading so. It was $5 million of these transmitters and upgrades and what have you of the $15 million?
Terry Gregg:  What Kevin was saying was that again, there was a 70-30 split, consumable to durable. But what hes also saying that weve historically run close to the same split within new patients to upgrade patients. Some are between 20% to 30% of any quarter, is going to be upgrade patients. The durable revenue is going to be upgraded patients.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: So the change in the mix, this quarter were because of the increase in the replacement trend?
Terry Gregg: There was a bump up closer to 32% of durable revenue this quarter, was attributable to increase transmitter sales. Thats right.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Yeah. Its very helpful. Thank you very much. And last question if I may? Is just, have you seen any change in your attrition rate and anything you'd like to quantify with us and thats all I had? Thank you.
Kevin Sayer: No. The things are about the same as what we said at year end. The attrition rates certainly on the G4 PLATINUM system, is much better than it ever was on SEVEN PLUS and we continue to see good reorder patterns.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Good afternoon. Just following up on that same topic, if I was correcting on modeling, there was probably about $4 million of hardware replacement revenue in the fourth quarter, so the change in percentage of the totals this quarter would suggest something more like $6 million or $7 million of hardware replacement for existing patients. Is that in the ballpark?
Kevin Sayer: We are giving as much as we are going to give you.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. Thats fine. Well try something else. So lets talk about the SEVEN PLUS station who choose not to upgrade for whatever reason. Do you feel that at some point you will get another shot on goal with them, with the improved accuracy of the G4 or for whatever other reason?
Kevin Sayer: I think for some of them we will. One of the things -- one of the reasons some of the patients are not upgraded and again, weve seen this as we look at the various, eight segments of our population. There some eight segments that tends to drop-off more than other. And some of those who choose not to upgrade may have choose not to upgrade for other reasons and may come back. We see a lot of our patients who had dropped off SEVEN PLUS for years, when we launched Gen 4 come back to us and become patients again and we actually can pose as new patients because we had lost them for a couple years. And so, I think as we come out with our new technologies, again with more accuracy, with more connectivity with surface smaller, I think a lot of the patients we lost will come back.
Terry Gregg:  Yeah. I would just add to that in terms of the age demographics. Obviously, we continue to push at a level to get reimbursement from the Medicare system and some of these patients unfortunately have moved from having traditional third-party payer coverage to Medicare coverage and thats around fixed income. There's been some challenges there. But we always look forward to the opportunity to better serve them in the future as well as we push that agenda at the highest levels in CMS, as well as in Congress.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And then, Kevin, maybe talk a little bit about the gross margin sequentially. Obviously, you made a huge progress last year. The volumes in the first quarter we know would be lower. Where do you see that trajectory over the course of the year? Do we exit closer to that 70% range or can you give us some thoughts?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, we think we will move up from here, Ben. We were 66% in Q4, with the large revenue number that we hung up there and we are quite confident they will continue to go up over the course of the year. A lot of that is volume related, as we can apply more cost to more stuff that goes out the door. And as we get our other improvement programs in place, our target margins for our sensors has always been in the 70% to 75% range. And while we are running at 64% to 66% in the last two quarters, its pretty obvious our sensors are there within that range and we just need to look our ways to keep pushing on that. So weve been working on improvements. We are not going to see sequential 10-point improvements like we did last year. But we can see sequential improvements as we go over the course of the year.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And then last question for me. Can you give us some rough sense on what the margin is on hardware, as soon as we can backend to it if we use that range for sensors? Is it a 10-point or 15-point difference?
Kevin Sayer: Its closer to 50%, Ben, when all said and done.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Take care.
Kevin Sayer: I didnt know, my guys messed up. Im sorry.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: No worries. Thanks Kevin.
Operator: We have a question from Mike Weinstein from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Robbie Marcus - J.P. Morgan: Hi. This is Robbie Marcus in for Mike. Congrats on the quarter. Can you talk about -- I you touched on it briefly, but maybe just what you're seeing in terms of Medtronic competition with the 530G system and how were G4 sales transmitted in Medtronic pump users?
Kevin Sayer: We were 67% this quarter and that would speak to the strength of our business and how well we did. We certainly hear a lot of Medtronic 530G noise, but I think our 67% number supports itself. With respect to Medtronic pump users, should use G4 systems, there is a lot of them. It represents a significant piece of our pump patient base. Medtronic pump patients who use G4 sensors and they are very happy, so numbers speak for themselves.
Robbie Marcus - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Great. And maybe just a follow-up. Youve gotten some pretty good reimbursement on Type 2 patients recently. Can you talk about trends and what you are seeing there and although you are increasing as a percentage of your base and kind of, where are they right now?
Kevin Sayer: We attempt to get insulin -- any insulin using patient covered in all the contracts that we had entered and we have had some good success in getting that. Type 2s havent become a real large part of our business but it does continue to grow. I think the most encouraging thing about the Type 2 business that I have seen in my travels on the anecdotal stories weve heard, we have a huge impact on these patients because once they can see, if they are insulin using. Once they can see the effect of the diet and the activities and the other things they do on their glucose levels, they can make some pretty radical changes that have very immediate outcomes. I talked with people on the field who are seeing Type 2s go from an A1C of 10 down to 6.5 very rapidly, are just with changes in diet and activity. And then they get off someday or compounds. So we are very excited about the opportunity and it also provides. Its just going to take us while to grow it. But it is good. It will be a great market for us over time.
Terry Gregg:  And I would just add. Again, when we look at the number of new insulin start some 400,000 a year now, obviously the majority of those patients are Type 2 patients that have for whatever reason migrated either insulin in addition to oral agents who are gone directly to insulin because the oral agents were not sustaining, that gives us yet another bonus opportunity as we look at our product configuration and really build some products in the future directly, for patients with Type 2, particularly those on insulin. But we certainly wouldnt exclude and the data suggest that even if you are on oral agents with Type 2 you can benefit from CGM.
Robbie Marcus - J.P. Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: Hi, good afternoon. I wonder if I could ask couple questions. First on the operating expense lines, I think you did a fair job explaining about the heavier stock-based comp in the quarter. And Im curious about how we should think about the progression of expenses as we move through the year, particularly as I think consensus numbers have you guys getting on operational basis or at least I should say on earnings basis positive by the end of the year. Is that in keeping with what you guys are seeing?
Jess Roper: Last year, by the end of the year we were cash flow positive from operations when we dropped all the non-cash charges from our P&L. And our goal this year was to grow that cash-based net income significantly higher rate than we grow our top line. We achieved that in the first quarter going from almost $4 million loss in the first quarter of last year, net cash loss to $500,000 net cash loss in the first quarter of this year and we hope to see that improve over the course of the year. With a GAAP perspective, when you got a range of high end range of $225 million in revenue and 65% gross profit, with non-cash expenses in excess of $12 million a quarter, that profitability has not happened in this year, and thats not been our goal for a while. We would work towards heading 15. And again if the equity comp number continues to be so high, GAAP profitability maybe pushed out a bit, but we focused very heavily on that cash profitability number and make sure we are adding more to the bank account than we are spending and we saw that this quarter. So, its good.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: No, I dont know that I actually get that, just in terms of just making sure that we model it correctly. And I guess we do, and I think everybody does have or most people actually getting EPS profitable by fourth quarter on a GAAP basis. But if I am hearing you correctly, we shouldnt be assuming that given the non-cash expenses?
Jess Roper: Yes, if everything was a same non-cash-wise, I think we could be cost getting there, but with the significant increase in non-cash expenses that were experiencing again due to the stock price and...
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: No, I get you. Just couple on the product side, I think youve been increasingly talking about this product called share, which I guess is one of the features thats going to be on the G5. And I am curious if there is any updates on the timing of that, it sounds like its at the FDA. And then subsequent to that, if and when it does get approved, really any expectations around whether that could be as positive as a catalyst as weve seen in the G4 and some other advances?
Terry Gregg: It is at the FDA. And as we said in our comments, we think we are on a homestretch here not going with. We certainly wont give a data, speak to them. Again, the share system is our first venture in the mobile connectivity. Bearing the receiver inside a cradle with an Apple device and then sending data to secure servers that can be shared with people looking forward your glucose levels all the time. We think it will have a very good impact on our business, particularly in repeat patients where parents arent going to follow their children. We talked to a number of people over the past few months whose child has never been on a sleepover, but of course they dont dare while them leave their house without being able to watch them. Big uptake in that segment, we think it will help us. It will also help us really with anybody you travels or is away from somebody who is a caregiver. We see a very good use for that product. We are not looking for huge changes in our revenue model for this. That cradle itself is going to be about a $400 charge starting out of the gate. Our goal with this is to make a system that will greatly enhance our patients ability to manage their glucose, to better care if themselves. And from a business side, sell more sensors. So that is we are hoping to happen. It wont have the impact as G4 launch, I can quantify that, but it will -- we think it will help us. We have pretty high expectations here. We need to hit it pretty well. So we think it will be helpful.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: And just some clear, thats a feature, it will work with the current G4, so it, there is no upgrade on that transmitter, you just need it by the cradle and it all works?
Terry Gregg: Yes, by the cradle and help.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: And just lastly, and I know its in your partners hands, but any updates on timing on the combined products that use the tandem device?
Terry Gregg: As we talked about Raj a quarter or two ago, we are going to start deferring to the partners on timing. These filings are in their hands, and so I think we will let tandem and analysts speak to themselves.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Mimi Pham from ABR Health. Please go ahead.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health: Hi, good afternoon. What percent of the 800 USPD pediatric endocrinologists you talked about have prescribed the G4 since March and February versus April and February?
Terry Gregg: I couldnt quantify that and we dont have that.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health: Would be fair to say that our goal by year end is to get half of them could be in their first prescriptions or closer to majority of them just based on your comments about the little more measurable
Terry Gregg: So maybe I think we got to keep more as a percentage of the patient base as we build our models rather than just focusing on individual positions and we want to see the patient base over time of up to 30% of the overall patient base. We would expect the patient base to move from 10 this year up closer to 20 and then move up over to 2 years higher than that. I havent gone so far this year is to break it down by physician in the clinic.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health: Okay. And then in terms of the pediatric ramp, I know its still early, but do you get a sense as these are stickier patients just more likely to use CGM 24/7 periodically?
Terry Gregg: We think particularly those really young patients cared by their parents are extremely sticky. Thats also been a very good patient group for us even when the product was prescribed off-label. We know what teenagers. It doesnt matter what the device or the therapy or whatever you tell teenagers to do, sticky is kind of a difficult word, but we do well with them and they certainly do our system. So well just see how it works over time.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health: Thanks. And then last question to follow up, I think, Toms, question on the flash, can you just give us your thoughts on the additional data presented on Abbott Flash at the ATTD meeting back in summer. Does it seem like it might keep more folks long-term internationally just using for glucose meters?
Terry Gregg: I understand the flash is definitely not CGM. The flash doesnt provide the patient with real-time information, doesnt provide with hyperglycemia work, etcetera. So its not really a direct comparison to our product offering. I do think there could be an interesting application for flash, were watching it. With respect to the data, I think the latest data presented by Abbott frankly wasnt quite as good as the first round of data we saw, but we are keeping an eye on it. I think as we said in the past that if Abbott finds a niche for this product particularly and more of a diagnostic marketplace for perhaps for non-insulin using type 2 or something like that, its something it could be great to have Abbott help us, help build the category for once. We have done all the heavy lifting in this category for years and years and years. It would be great to have someone else coming in and help build the category that we could come in as a fast follower. So we are keeping an eye and we havent frankly -- I dont think anybody has seen much of the product itself yet. So its a little bit early to tell, theyve stated publicly that they expect to launch it in Europe in the second half of this year. Theyve have given no U.S. timeline for a launch or commercialization. So I think we are in a more by maybe by EASD this year in the latter half of the year.
Mimi Pham - ABR Health: Thank you very much.
Operator: We have a question from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners: Thanks so much. Good afternoon, guys. And thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping you could comment on utilization trend. So the last few quarters weve seen utilization trends. I wanted to see if they were persisting and how we think about utilizations trends evolving over the next few quarters as we got it at via pediatrics to, you would think based on the younger age group with use the sensor more frequently, share should contribute to utilization. So where can we get to utilization ultimately with all these products extended indication hit?
Terry Gregg: So you got to be careful Danielle when you talk about utilization trends because remember patients are probably wearing it longer than seven days. So there is plan which patients. Even if all patients wearing it all the time, you are still not going to have patients wearing 4 sensors per month. So what we said with G4 over the course of the last 18 months has been what weve seen as a combination of more patients wearing it all of the time and reduction in nutrition, but that doesnt necessarily mean that all patients are wearing, for example three sensors in a month or 3.5 sensors per month. So you got to be really careful about trying to expect utilization meaning sensors per months to go up in any meaningful fashion, patients what we do think is we moved the buckets of patients were before patient might wear it periodically might wear it one sensor a month and take a break, that patient maybe wearing 2 or 2.5 or 3 sensors a month because they are wearing all the time, but you cant expect utilization in that sense to keep rising because if the patient is wearing it all the time but extending the life, the utilization is not going to go ahead. What we said is that and Kevin said it in his remarks is that attrition trends remain very positive and patients are using continuing to utilize sensors and...
Kevin Sayer: The average as a whole sensors used per month per patient has gone up, but like Steve said that if we think its probably because patients are having a better experience overall, we have not seen a reduction in the amount of days people use it across the board. We know people extend to wear.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners: Okay, great. Thanks so much. I just wanted to ask you guys about ADA is coming up here, I guess next month. Im wondering if there is anything coming out at ADA from you guys or from the artificial pancreas side of things that we should be paying attention to.
Kevin Sayer:  Well, we have about that a poster presentation at AVA. Well be very busy. But and please come and take a look at on that, well keep that under reps. So we get there. With respect to the artificial pancreas, certainly there will a lot of discussions about that and again will be program were heavily involve with. With groups that are seeing tremendous result and measurement from our CGM to drive the success of those programs. So, there will be a lot, there will be very busy show for DexCom, youll hear a lot about us there.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Greg Chodaczek from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Greg Chodaczek - Sterne Agee: Hey, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. But just one quick one. Kevin, in terms of operating expense growth X or excluding non-cash equity, what was that growth -- those growth rates you recorded again?
Kevin Sayer: We said last year that it will be a 10% to 20% growth on the R&D side of the -- on the cash side and we said, we would -- well trying to keep SG&A around 20% on both cases and Ill be very kind with you, we look at opportunities to spend money, to find growth for the future. As you heard about the build-out of the commercial team over the past 12 months thats alone went to 20% increase. We manage to keep that down in the 20% range because we havent spent very much on the G&A side. But we will continue to make investments, where we think its going to grow our business or its going to grow our business where we need to. Net expenses growth we will stick to that guidance now. Well take a look at where we are in six months and give you a little bit of more -- a bit more. But if you just go back to Q4, the growth from Q4 is very much dialed into the expansion of the sales force for the full quarter and those efforts that we undertook. And on the R&D side, the growth of the R&D expense is very much tight, really just to the share-based compensation that was almost 70% of the sequential R&D growth. So, were looking at that and well probably give you a little more update on that spending once we get six months of the year.
Greg Chodaczek - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you for the clarification. And in terms of pediatrics, your long-term goal is roughly about 30% of your revenue is coming from pediatrics?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. It is.
Greg Chodaczek - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thats all I have. Thanks guys.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we have a question from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. I dont mean to be repetitive here, but just on the sequential jump in SG&A spending. It was a big number, Im just realized the $2.3 million in stock-based comp to 20 new reps? But did you increase your marketing efforts there or increase cost associated with the pediatric launch at all in the first quarter?
Kevin Sayer: Certainly, weve got that in there and again when you talk to sequential, youd be talking Q4 to Q1 versus Q1 of last year. Were going to compare Q1 of last year to Q1 of this year. You need to go back to my remarks. We have 48 reps in the field at the start of Q1 of 2013. We have almost 90 by the end of Q1 in 2014 and all those were in place early in the year. So you almost doubled feet on the street there. Weve more than doubled the size of our distribution channel management team with respect to payers, distributors and all the other things associated with getting pharmacy reimbursement overtime. We have built a marketing team up as well. Not to the significant rebuilt up the sales side of those expenses will probably come more over the course of the year as we do more marketing campaigns and as we run some clinical studies here towards positioning the product for better reimbursement overtime, which will be part of R&D. So as you're comparing to last year, think 48 to almost 90 reps, think double the number of people on the reimbursement side. That's where that growth comes from on the cash side. If you go from Q4 of last year to Q1, its probably 20 new reps and a few people on the other side and the growth isn't there as much. I think the issue with the OpEx as you compare this year last year. We are a lot bigger than we were a year ago. We just are, there is no other way to describe it.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James: Right. Okay. Okay. Thats helpful Kevin. I guess, the international strength, was it largely due to the entry of new countries or is same country sales growth tracking also tracking above U.S. growth level?
Kevin Sayer: You dont expose, we do very well and we have some core markets Germany, Italy Sweden, the Netherlands, we do extremely well in Europe and elsewhere and the other markets are growing as well. Those were kind of the backbone of our European business. On top of that, we got into Canada in late 13 and did very, very well in Q1 of 14 in Canada, both with our standalone CGM and system. So Canada is really been a very positive long trust.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James: Okay. And then lastly for me, just on the pediatric strategy, maybe getting into your sales comp structure here? But is the focus here on a portion of the pediatric endocrinologists up there and to go deep into those physicians or is it more of a blank approach where the goal is to, hey, lets touch them all by year end?
Kevin Sayer: Our focus with respect to compensation is to grow the business in total. We reward our team for -- we have obviously a model. The biggest reward in our compensation structure is adding new patient to the company. If our reps are achieving pediatric or adult patients, theyre compensated the same. We will watch and we will monitor and make sure those reps that we have out there are going into both areas. And if we see somebody not doing it adults or not doing ped, obviously, well go check on the territory but they are rewarded the same for both.  They have again very high numbers to meet our expectations. So I can tell you these guys are trying to get deep into everywhere they call and also call on a number of clinics. They are measured on both, the number of calls that they do and the number of physicians they call on and also how deep they go and our term for that is a DexCom Champion. How many champions do you have and how many can you create. And so all these guys are measured on a number of factors that really meet our overall company and business goals. Our goals are very congruent.
Jayson Bedford - Raymond James: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And next question is from William Plovanic from Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Great. Thanks for taking this. Just what was D&A and stock comp in the quarter? And my second question is the depreciation, amortization and stock comp overall for the quarter and because there is not a cash flow out?
Kevin Sayer: Bill, youre going to see that probably in about nearly five minutes when we file the Q. The share-based compensation was $8.7 million for the quarter. And then we had depreciation and amortization of $1.9 million. All non-cash charges remain for the quarter, which includes accretion change in fair value for some contingent liabilities we have for sweet spot et cetera. So the total non-cash expenses are 12.1.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And then just on the pediatric, youve provided your strategy kind of what you're doing, you said that you expect us to kind of ramp a little slower. When do you expect the peds to really gain momentum?
Terry Gregg: I think -- I think, we all believe that there is significant momentum. And I think Steve characterized it and Kevin as well that in the adult population, as an example, when we call on account, they are well informed, not only about CGM but particularly about G4 because weve been calling on them for the last several years as you go into a pediatric account. Number one is a new account for ourselves reps for the most part in terms of that they were co-located with an adult pediatric and adult practice and often times we know them but we never called on them. So there's a relationship management that has to be established as well as the technology understanding. So it is a bit of going back as I think Kevin said, not starting over but certainly not the same type of awareness that you have in an adult population. All that takes time, it lakes repeated business by the sales force to gain, quite frankly the trust of their physician population, which we in some cases, its a first time business. I mean, when weve been out in the field, lately from a management standpoint calling on pediatric clinics it's amazing. In fact because I have been doing this for so long and the most startling thing to me is its just like holy cow, they dont understand this.  We've got to be sure that they understand the basics of CGM at that level in order for them to be successful. So it is literally a step back in time but we do expect that to ramp up very quickly.
Kevin Sayer: Yeah. I think, the cautionary to the extend you read any cautionary language into our prepared remarks. Its really just making sure the street doesn't get ahead of itself and thinking it was just going to be a foot for switch launch and kind of within a month or two we were going to have 30% to 40% penetration into the peds market. Thats all, its ramping just fine.
William Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Perfect. Thats all I had. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Terry Gregg for final remarks.
Terry Gregg: Thank you and thanks for joining us today. Im mostly proud of what we have accomplished. You noticed during the course of the conversation, we said nothing about inclement weather having an impact on us. We blew through that obviously and overcame that even when offices were closed and still had a quarter to standby and very proud of the company. And I would say this again for DexCom, we say what were going to do and then we go out and execute it. And thats the best thing that I can say about a company performing at this level. So with that I'll close. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terrance H. Gregg - Chief Executive Officer Steven R. Pacelli - Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development Kevin Sayer - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts:  Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co. Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity Kimberly W. Gailun - JPMorgan Securities LLC Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann Michael Rich  Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Mimi Pham - ABR Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Joe and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you operator and thanks to everyone for joining DexCom for our fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. As usual I will ask Steve Pacelli to provide you with our Safe Harbor statement.
Steven R. Pacelli:  Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our other reports as filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating loss. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Our agenda for today's call is fairly typical. I will provide some introductory thoughts; Kevin will review our detailed fourth quarter 2013 financial results and provide our customary operations update and then I will offer some concluding thoughts. At the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference in January, we announced Q4 and full year 2013 product revenue of approximately $51 million and $157 million respectively. What we did not disclosed at JP Morgan that I am pleased to announce today is that for the second straight quarter and for all fiscal 2013 DexCom was cash flow positive. Before I turn the call over to Kevin I would like to update the investment community on my evolving role at DexCom. As you know I joined DexCom in 2005 as an Independent Member of the Board and came out of my then retirement in 2007 to become the President and CEO. As a management team we have grown the business over the past several years and enjoying a lead status in the med tech space.  In 2011, we added Kevin Sayer as our President and he assumed the title of Chief Operating Officer in 2012 with the expectation that he would mature into the role of Chief Executive Officer as my successor and I would move to position of Executive Chairman. As most of you are aware over the last several years my role has become increasing external. I have spent the vast majority of my time in the field being with clinicians and other key stakeholders in diabetes.  During that time, Kevin has been larger responsible for the day-to-day operations of DexCom and he has done a remarkable job as witnessed by our growth and success. So on behalf of the Board of Directors I am pleased to announce that effective January 1, 2015 Kevin will assume the title of President and Chief Executive Officer and I will transition in to my role as Executive Chairman remaining of course as an employee and active member of the senior management team.  With that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. I'll start off with our financial update. DexCom generated $51.3 million in product revenue for the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to $31.7 million for the same quarter in 2012, a $19.6 million or 62% increase. We are especially pleased with our year-over-year financial performance when you consider that we're comparing the fourth quarter of 2013 to a quarter in which we had very robust product sales in connection with our Q4 2012 launch of the G4 PLATINUM. Sequentially product revenue for Q4 of 2013 increased 21% from the prior quarter. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2013 was $51.7 million compared to $33.3 million during the same quarter in 2012. Our product gross profit totaled $34.1 million generating a product gross margin of 66% for the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to product gross profit of $17.2 million and a product gross margin of 54% for the same quarter in the prior year.  Sequentially product gross margin for Q4 2013 increased only slightly from the prior quarter. Although we are now achieving our gross margin targets of 70% to 75% on our sensor disposables and approximately 50% on our hardware going forward we will continue to see improved gross margins through increased volumes continued manufacturing improvements, the continued shift of the sales mix to more disposable revenue along with our future product designs.  Some final thoughts on our product revenue and gross profits. During Q4 we added more new patients and sold more sensors than any other previous quarter. Consumable and durable revenues both increased significantly from Q3, 2013. The improvements in patient retention and increased sensor utilization with the G4 PLATINUM system we spoke up during our last earnings call held steady during Q4.  Our mix between durable and consumable products is approximately 30% durable and 70% consumable, a mix we expect to remain fairly consistent going forward. ASP for sensor has stayed consistent at approximately $70 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware continued at approximately $850 per starter kit.  Finally our international business performance exceeded our expectations in 2013 as it was up approximately 80% year-over-year and represents approximately 8% of product revenue. Research and development expense totaled $12.6 million for Q4 of 2013 compared to $8.6 million in Q4 of 2012 with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related costs and expenses related to work on near term product pipeline. Sequentially R&D expense was up 7% with the increase primarily due to additional payroll cost and non-cash charges related to our SweetSpot acquisition and share based compensation expense. As we move forward into 2014 we expect that R&D expense for the full year will be up between 10% to 20% versus 2013. Some expenses such overhead and our share-based compensation expense will increase as a cost of doing business.  Additional increases will depend upon our development progress and regulatory timelines with respect to continued system performance improvements, development of our G5 and G6 systems, our mobile and cloud based data platforms and a variety of clinical trial opportunities we expect to explore during 2014.  Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $23.8 million in Q4 of 2013 compared to $17.3 million during the same quarter in 2012. The increase was primarily related to increased headcount in our sales organization and increased variable compensation for the sales team related to our robust product sales during the quarter.  The increase also included $1.1 million of additional non-cash share-based compensation. As we look to fiscal 2014, we expect an increase in SG&A expense of approximately 20% to support our growth driven primarily by increased share based compensation expense as well as investments in sales and marketing and infrastructure necessary to support growth.  Our net loss for the fourth quarter of 2013 totaled $2.6 million and included $9.3 million in non-cash expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these charges our net income would have been $6.7 million for Q4, 2013. Also absent our non-cash charges our net income for fiscal 2013 would have been $5.2 million. Compare this to an adjusted cash based net loss of $2.2 million for the same quarter last year and adjusted cash based net loss of $29.2 million for the full year in 2012.  If I could summarize our operating performance its pretty simple. During 2013 our product revenues increased by $64 million and our cash based operating results increased by $34 million so its an amazing accomplishment for our team. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.04. With respect to our balance sheet we ended the fourth quarter with $54.6 million in cash and marketable securities and debt availability of $28 million.  I would like to close the discussion of our financial results with some thoughts on the first quarter of 2014. While we do not give specific quarterly guidance as we discussed on numerous occasions the fourth quarter was typically the strongest in the year for those in the durable medical equipment business. As annual deductibles have generally been met and flexible spending account deadlines loom so patients who participate in this employer sponsor program most utilize any excess funds they save prior to year end.  Just as a point of reference our Q4 2013 product revenue exceeded our total product revenue for 2010 by over $10 million. Obviously our strong Q4 performance begs the question, what will our growth will be in 2014? As a reminder at the JP Morgan Healthcare Conference in January we issued guidance of estimated full year 2014 product revenue ranging from $205 million to $225 million and we remain comfortable with that guidance.  While we do not provide specific quarterly guidance I remind investors that the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter for our business as annual insurance deductibles reset and flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded. As a result, our patients typically purchase as much product as they can during the fourth quarter and 2013 was no exception.  We now have data to support that the average out of pocket expense for a patient during the first quarter of a given year is approximately 40% to 50 percent higher than the average out of pocket expense for a patient during the fourth quarter of the prior and that out of pocket expense decreases gradually through each quarter over the course of the year. I also remind investors that in past years including 2013 approximately 40% to 45% of our product revenue was generated in the first half of the year and 55% to 60% was generated in the second half and we do not view 2014 any differently.  Finally last year Q1 accounted for approximately 20% of our annual revenue and we would expect similar performance in the first quarter this year. I will move onto our business update. I am pleased to share that we have achieved another significant operational milestone. Just two weeks ago we received FDA approval of an expanded indication for our G4 PLATINIUM to include patients as young as two years of age. We began taking orders for our pediatric product immediately upon approval and we completed our initial shipments to patients within a matter of days.  I would like to acknowledge the hard work of the people at DexCom, especially our outstanding clinical regulatory and operations teams who have enabled DexCom to bring such an important technology to virtually all people with diabetes. We have several additional filings pending before the FDA including a PMA supplement seeking approval of the DexCom share systems and a PMA supplement seeking an expanding indication for G4 PLATINIUM for professional use. We continue to have active dialog with the agency regarding these important products.  Turning to our future CGM product offering we remain focused on increasing connectivity and convenience is a near-term goal and replacing finger sticks as our primary long-term objective and we continue to work on both Gen5 and Gen6 in an effort to achieve these goals. We continue to believe that simplicity, patient convenience and expanded connectivity paired with our superior technology will enable us to maintain our leadership position in the CGM market.  Shifting to our integration partnerships, both Animas and Tandem continue to press forward with final development, testing and regulatory matters with their respective sensor augmented pump systems and we continue to assist them in these endeavors when asked.  I would now like to turn the call over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terrance H. Gregg : Thanks Kevin. Well I'd like to start by highlighting our 2013 financial performance. Product revenues clearly exceeded our expectations, both in Q4 and for the full year but I am equally pleased by our operating performance. As you know our Board set a stretched goal for us to reach cash operating breakeven for full year 2013 and we achieved that goal. Needless to say am I excited by the long-term profitability profile we believe we can achieve here at DexCom.  Having just returned from the Annual ATTD Meeting in Europe we remain convinced that sensor accuracy is what matters most. And while the competition tries to confuse the issue in multiple independent studies our G4 PLATINUM sensor is significantly more accurate than Medtronics Enlite sensor. At this time most investors are aware of the work by Boston University where Dr. Steven Russell shared comparative data from patients simultaneously wearing the G4 PLATINUM and Medtronics Enlite with reported MARD of 10.8% for the G4 PLATINUM and 17.9% for the Enlite.  And during our last earnings call we discussed data presented by Hardwood Children's Hospital examining the use of CGM in critically ill infants and reporting an MARD for the Enlite of 17.8% and an MARD of 11.7% for the G4 PLATINUM. Well earlier this month an ATTD data from SPACE-2 study was presented. SPACE-2 is yet another independent head-to-head study and this time the data showed an MARD range of 12.2% to 13.6% for the G4 PLATINUM and 16.6% to 19.9% for the Enlite. This data also showed particularly poor hypoglycemia performance for the Enlite.  Yet again it seems that no independent investigator can reproduce the Medtronic data. And while we continue to see some distraction in the field by and large we have not seen much of an impact to our business as a result for the 530G launch.  As I close this conference call I would like to add some additional color on my transition to Executive Chairman at the end of this year. One of my key personal goals was to help the company achieve positive cash flow and as we presented today we have achieved that for the full year in 2013, a year earlier than predicted. I remain passionate about DexCom. My wife has often referred to DexCom as my mistress. As Executive Chairman I will continue to provide DexCom with vision and strategy as we continue to lead the category with superior technology and outstanding execution. But Kevin and his leadership team must continue to focus on our core business.  The growth opportunity for CGM in both the type 1 and type 2 diabetes population is tremendous. We had over 7,000 unique prescribers in 2013 and yet we called on only approximately 2,000 prescribers with our sales force. It is clear that patients are pulling the product to the channel as we predicted and we need to expand our efforts to reach this growing population.  I will remain intimately involved with Kevin and his leadership team in driving our core business but I also believe our technology is expandable for other markets. As an example I mentioned the above study involving 900 critically infants with diabetes utilizing our G4 PLATINUM CGM and the ICU at Hardwood Children's Hospital. The results were remarkable and convinced us once again that glucose is a vital sign in this environment along with the more traditional vital sign measurement.  We also know that there is tremendous benefit to non-insulin using Type 2 patients utilizing CGM as a diagnostic behavior modification tool. I am excited to explore these and other opportunities in greater depth. Just last summer we used our G5 system to monitor 30 cyclists remotely from San Diego for over 13 days during a race from Brussels to Barcelona. I want to accelerate that capability on a global basis and we are exploring opportunities with broadband carriers as part of that effort.  For the last several seasons of the reality show The Biggest Loser, our CGM technology has been utilized as a part of this weight loss program. I believe CGM can play a very important role in the obesity market, particularly with behavior modification. These are all areas I will focus as an Executive Chairman and I will be actively involved in helping DexCom develop programs to address these markets as our product evolve along a well-planned developmental pipeline. I have been called a dreamer at times, but many of my dreams have come true. Over the last three years I have been involved in several companies that have grown to some $15 billion of market cap. It is rare when a CEO has the opportunity to handshake his successor, work with him to build a world class organization and hand the rains over with complete confidence in his leadership skills and his vision for the company.  I also remind the audience, that I remain the largest individual shareholder of DexCom stock, so I have a significant incentive to remain engaged to see that DexCom continues to be highly successful. I am not retiring, I am just graduating. Thank you. And now, I will turn it over to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question here is from Mr. Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead, sir.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co.: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask a little bit on two topics. First is peds ramp and Terry do I have some sense of what percentage of clinics are reflexively prescribing CGM on diagnosis at this point, you got some high performance examples? Is that becoming more commonplace?
Terrance H. Gregg: Obviously, I will take the second question and turn the first question back over to Kevin. I mean obviously when you look at the large number of prescribers we don't call on, it's clear to us that, there is an opportunity there to grow that market and I think it's reflective of the tools that we need to develop from electronic activity as well to reach out and expand that capability.
Kevin Sayer: With respect to the peds ramp Ben as we said earlier, currently our patient base is between 8% and 10% pediatric patients and we expect it to grow to be about 30%. That ramp will take some time as we begin to call on these pediatric endocrinologists we haven't called on before. We will build trust with a few patients on the system. We expect it to take-off from there, but it will take a little bit of time.  Our team is focused on calling on these clinics. They made initial calls as we look at our daily reads that come in, we are seeing a lot of pediatric patients. But it's not widely disproportionate to our regular patients. It is growing and it's growing gradually and it's growing very nicely.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co.:   So Kevin, 30% of your users will be just a little bit pretty close to overall type one population. So, is that -- and what happened in the year, I mean are you talking two, three, four years in your view, two to three? 
Kevin Sayer: Yeah.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then as we think about again this notion of utilization and retention remain remaining steady I think what you comment in the commentary, was that remained in the fourth quarter specifically so was flattish you I didn't see deliver the revenue growth without seeing increase in utilization or retention versus Q3?
Kevin Sayer:  The trends are consistent over time, Ben. Our point is we are certainly we're certainly not better than we were a year ago as far as specific percentage increase. Things look very good if anything patients bought more sensors in Q4 than they did in Q3 so if we were to look at that raw data from an individual point and time it would look higher just of volumes but I wouldn't skew that because the year-end purchases. So we'll look this over time and things sort of things are very good to what we want to do.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co.: Okay great. And then last question is you mentioned that on the progress with G5 and G6 anything in particular on the timing of those or when we might see a regulatory submission or studies? Thanks. 
Kevin Sayer:   We run early phase studies on our technologies before we go to publication we are running early phase studies on several different versions of these products in the pipeline now. But as far as timing when I need to get share approved first and that is really our first foray into the Gen5 market that will be our first cloud-based mobile application where you can share your data with others. I think once we get that approval that will trigger a lot of efforts and a lot of thoughts on our partners to how we think accelerate things and how fast we can go. So now those product lines are both in pretty heavy development right now.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co.: Thank you. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Mr. Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go head.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Great, thanks good evening. A couple of questions gentlemen first just can you separate out the specifics of G5 like what exactly will be the benefit G5 over G4 and then the same for G6? And I have one follow up question. 
Kevin Sayer:  G5 is going to be focused largely on connectivity, mobility and convenience. And it will come out more than likely as a series of launches rather than one big launch with the end goal of G5 being a simplified application system at the end, combined with connectivity to a phone in addition to be in connected to your receiver and cloud-based data. We'll go there in a series of steps. That system will use the Gen4 sensors currently configure but with new algorithms that we've developed over the course of the past few years that will improve accuracy and reliability.  With respect to the Gen6 system that's our first step towards doing a couple of three things, culminating some of the calibrations, getting the replacement claim or dosing claim so you can dose insulin and then ultimately eliminating finger sticks altogether.  As far as accuracy we'll see how much better we can get I mean as you heard comparing on the clinical data we've had on for example at ATTD Steven Russell where he did 10 which is pretty close to our meters anyway and lab instruments are the whole lot better than that. So we will continue to \pick up accuracy points.  The other thing that we know with Gen6 in the future is we'll eliminate the interference that we have some contraindications for and this goes along with what Terry said as we get to Gen6 sensor we can go to these other markets, we can go to the hospital because that sensor will block the effect of all the compounds that those patients are taking.  We can also go to may be a type two market as you would need necessarily all to calibration and if we get advanced enough as we talk about eliminating and that becomes a very simple system for some of the type 2 diabetes from type 2 diagnostics. So as far as timing we're going to keep that pretty much under wraps for now. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And then my second question is just to talk on disposable manufacturing. You are obviously printing a lot of disposables at this point probably somewhere near 0.5 million a quarter you probably sold may be a little more than that. And the question is what is correct capacity per quarter and what do you need to do to extend that? Thank you. 
Kevin Sayer: Bill we're not even on two shifts yet and our capacity is certainly above what we disclosed as 0.5 million a quarter. The manufacturing processes have begun much more robust and much more standard we've got plenty of space. We can replicate any of these equipment lines quite quickly. We grew 69% of our share on an operating plan that was 40% and we never missed the shipment. I don't think if -- flexible in this one so we are not concerned about that. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Genuity: Excellent thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Kim Gailun with JPMorgan. Please go head.
Kimberly W. Gailun - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great thanks and congratulations to you both Kevin and Terry on today's announcement.  So I guess first question, I just wanted to follow up on the commentary around the attrition and the utilization. So in my model Ive got attrition and I know you don't call it out, but Ive got the attrition trending down pretty consistent recent saw on G4, and then the census for patients actually picking out modestly from third quarter to fourth quarter. So I guess, does that seem about right to you and just as we think about 14, understanding the comments you made on the first quarter and the seasonality do you think that these two trends continue to improve or do you think youve reached a kind of stable working point.
Steven R. Pacelli: So Kim this is Steve. Ill take that one. So on the first point on you had attrition kind of trending down. Im not sure that's actually the right way to look at it. I think what we saw is a pretty dramatic shift starting with the launch of the G4 PLATINUM and attrition becoming into a much more what I would call normalized world. And I think what weve talked about publicly before were not to about again giving specific numbers. Kind of what the game here saw [inaudible] something that we are just more comfortable with, certainly attrition on the SEVEN PLUS was much worse potentially even than we expected as we converted the base over.  On the utilization side, the way you need to look at utilization at a point and I think you have been over that, the question is utilization continuing to improve, there is gone be a point at which we know not all patients are gone use sensors all the time. We think most patients or much greater number of patients are using sensors and virtually all of the time now as opposed to SEVEN PLUS where it was much more sporadic. But if you know today, patient can still extend the life.  So youre never going to see a point where patients are using, where all patients or a vast majority are using four sensors a month. I think we used to quote kind a 2 to 2.5 sensors a month on average. And thats probably bumped up, but I dont think we expect going forward I dont think we expect utilization per se to pick up dramatically. But whats important is we continue to add new patients to the base and those patients continue to use sensors virtually all the time. So in essence utilization continues to be very robust. Does that make sense?
Kimberly W. Gailun - JPMorgan Securities LLC:   Yes, thats helpful. So I mean the implication is that yes there is a little bit of room for improvement. 
Steven R. Pacelli:  Yeah. I mean look at some point patients are gone continue to extend the life of the sensors. So there is no -- I mean I guess we can improve utilization by putting them. 
Terrance H. Gregg: Anecdotally we ask about almost every patient we meet how long do you wear your sensors. And we very seldom hear I swap it out every seven days.
Steven R. Pacelli: Yes theyre wearing it 10 days or 10 or so days thats what three sensors a month and 14 days is two sensors a month. So its somewhere in between that. 
Kimberly W. Gailun - JPMorgan Securities LLC:   Yes, okay. And just a follow up I dont know if you guys updated your expectations for the timing of buys in the U.S. 
Terrance H. Gregg:  No we didnt. I mean they are still working diligently. I would kind a point you one of things we made the decision publicly not to speak on behalf of our partners. I mean I would kind of defer you to Animas and Tandem for specifics on timing, particularly Tandem as a newly public company we dont want to step on their toes. So I would defer you to the partner. 
Kimberly W. Gailun - JPMorgan Securities LLC:   Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question here comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Partners. Please go ahead. 
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann:  Thank you so much and thanks guys for taking the question. Congrats to you Terry on graduating and Kevin on your upcoming new role, thats great. So I wanted to follow up on Animas 5 and Tandem. I understand you can't talk about timing. But how do we think about progression through the year on, I guess maybe not in 2014, but in 2015 and beyond. How do we think about the impact in new patient adds from both of those products?
Steven R. Pacelli: So I think we said when we gave our guidance at JP Morgan we were pretty clear that we dont have any contribution from our pump partners domestically in our guidance for 14. There is some contribution obviously from Animas, it's been commercial in Europe for several years now. I think weve said this on multiple conferences, I think the relative importance of our pump partners sitting within where we are in 2014 and going forward is frankly its just less than it used to be.  Back in 2008, 2009 we were a much smaller organization with a much smaller sales force. Today we out man Animas probably is close to two to one in field. And Tandem is doing a great job of growing their sales force. So I think Tandem could certainly be more additive there. But I think the way I would really look at the pump partnerships going forward is they are kind of additive. I cant give you specifics on how additive in terms of specific numbers of patients. I think you need to look and extrapolate what Tandem is going to give in terms of guidance and to the extent you can get information from Animas.  You know I think we look at additive they are certainly not transformative to us and I think particularly as we look to Gen5 and we move to the phone we believe patients are going to more than likely prefer to use their iPhone as the means of display and interaction with their CGM data than pulling out their pump. We even have some data that suggests in Europe patients who have been purchasing the [vial] can actually purchase a separate DexCom G4 PLATINUM receiver because often times patients try to hide their pump and its easier just to pull a G4 PLATINUM receiver out of their pockets.  So as we move to the phone I think thats really as Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks the convenience and connectivity of the phone is really where our future lies. 
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann:   Great and then the next question is so obviously Medtronic is pursuing a [inaudible] or sustained role as sort of the next step towards the artificial pancreas. Just curious so now that you guys are working on integrating with pump companies what your view is as it relates to the next step to the artificial pancreas. Do you guys pursue a sort of low glucose type technology or whats next with the integrated system?
Terrance H. Gregg:  This is Terry. You know as we have said it before we are obviously the premier sensor component the overwhelming majority of artificial pancreas programs that are in place around the world, most of these are academic-based and they use a wide variety of different insulin delivery devices.  Certainly Tandem, [Insulot] is in that group, Roche is in that group, Animas is also in that group and in many ways we are somewhat agnostic from that perspective so any ultimate commercialization of a technology that within this classification of artificial pancreas will it be driven by the commercialization partner, not by DexCom we are happy to support those efforts or happy to lend our expertise but the reality of what our mission statement is and thats to replace finger sticks.  And so we never lose sight of that, each and every day we look at the global market and the increase in total number of patients either having diabetes over the next 10-20 years developing diabetes what we do really well is we develop advanced technology in censor capability and thats what we will continue to focus our energies on. 
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann:   All right, thank you so much guys.
Terrance H. Gregg:   Sure.
Operator:  Our next question here comes from Mr. Jason Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Michael Rich  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Hi, guys this is Mike Rich calling for Jason. Can you hear me okay?
Terrance H. Gregg: Absolutely. 
Michael Rich  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Since your gross margins were a highlight of 2013, its overlooked. I was wondering if you can give us an idea where you think that can exit 2014 and then maybe now that you think you can trend above that previous 75% range do you have a longer term goal?
Kevin Sayer: You know Terry and I have made the statement before as evolve into next generation of sensors we think we can get closer to 80% and that will require some changes in the fundamental assembly process and some moldings, some tooling so theres a lot thats got to go on there and we are working on all those things. One of the things that is just kind of an easy base hit for us the fact is being in San Diego with our overhead rates volume increases do a lot to help us on the censor manufacturing side.  So as we continue to grow it at very healthy percentages we pick up margin points there, we get more efficient. So right now we think as we look at 14 we move to the higher end of our 70% to 75% range and over time we would have targets to go from 75% to 80% again assuming pricing remains the same and we have got plans to do that. Theres no question our guys are working on that and very cognizant of that on a daily basis. 
Michael Rich  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great thats helpful and then just as a house-keeping item. Kevin, can you give us an idea what percent of your hardware revenue in the quarter went to new patients?
Michael Rich  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: You know we gave the number at JP Morgan that we sold 60,000 G4 kits since the launch of the product in 2012 and that's kind of what we are and we gave 10% of those were the patients who already have one G4 system. So, that's where we stand with that. Obviously, as we sell more transmitters and have more patients buy a second transmitter because the first one runs out. Those numbers become even more cloudy for us internally. So, start with 60,000 G4 kit number we gave out in early January and can work back from there.
Michael Rich  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Mimi Pham from ABR HealthCo. Please go ahead.
Mimi Pham - ABR:  Hi. Good afternoon and congratulations Kevin and Terry. Just regarding Medtronic comment on their quarterly call about taking four points of sequential share in the pump and CGM market. Can you address that, is that somewhat consistent with your commentary, are they talking about perhaps some centers beyond your focused 2000?
Terrance H. Gregg:  Mimi it's Terry, thank you. It's always good to graduate. A couple of comments, and the first one, it's always difficult when you hear somebody from Medtronic speak at how they calculate anything and it always reminds me of Pinocchio quite frankly when I hear a Medtronic person speak. So it's very difficult for me to, as I mentioned three independent investigators have far different numbers than Medtronic have assigned. So I don't know what they are talking about. I mean I read their transcript it said that pump CGM for percentage points.  We obviously didn't see $251 million quarter, we saw more patients than we ever seeing before. We are not feeling I mean we do channel checks to our customers. We still have a lot of Medtronic patients. They may have tried it because Medtronic force them to buy sensor component so may be some of that calculated into their numbers. We will see I think the recurring obviously a lot of Medtronic patients who tried to steal our patients because they actually want an accurate sensor. And so I think from that standpoint, the time will tell, time will tell. Mimi Pham - ABR Just regarding also going to the ATTD, do you see any data or hear any feedback on they talk about their NextGen enhanced CGM, can you talk on that?
Terrance H. Gregg:  No. I mean quite frankly we listen to whatever they have to say and we saw nothing they said they've launched in five or six countries. We haven't seen any from our international group anybody commenting on it, looked at whatever data they presented. They didn't appear to be all that different than the Enlite one. So I am not sure, again experience alone will determine what is truth and what is fiction.
Mimi Pham - ABR:  And then last, you talked more about your CGM first strategy at the ADE can you talk about how that having any impact or any centers that might be implementing that more?
Terrance H. Gregg: Yes. I think obviously by our number it's been pretty successful. I think we have impacted and in face and it take some of largest sensors in the United States in particular where now it is the standard operating procedure to put a patient in CGN well in advance pump and let the patient ultimately decide on what method of delivery that they want that pumps are in fact a secondary lifestyle choice not necessarily a need that when you talking about glycemic variability you have to know about your glycemic variability in order to do something about it.  Our pumps are convenience and so I think that is finally resonating. We have it at now over a year since we started messaging and again $157 million for the year I think we are pretty successful versus a little under $100 million in 2013.
Mimi Pham - ABR:  Thank you so much.
Operator:  And our next question here comes from Mr. Anthony Petrone with Jefferies Group. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: Thanks gentlemen and congratulations again on the new appointments. May be just a little bit on the headcount need for pediatrics on approval in the U.S. 800 to 1,000 pediatric endocrinologist so just wondering how should we thinking about SG&A specifically leverage you are looking to 2014 based on the needs to extend the sales force there a bit. And may be just a comment on utilization And then maybe just a comment on utilization specifically within the pediatric market and where is that today within that 8% of total sensor volumes today and just seems to me if that would be extrapolated throughout the pediatric user base as that expands. And then one quick follow-up on potential Gen5 and Gen6 products. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Well with respect to the sales force expansion we took care of that Q4. We added literally 30% more field bodies than we had before and that expansion was for intents complete by mid-Jan just a couple left to hire in early January and those have been hired. We have expanded as far as  at least today for 2013 and that expansion wasn't just really pediatric driven it was driven by all of our business territories and all of our reps who sell pediatric and regular patients. But our territories have been redone, our new reps are on the ground and doing very well, so the expansion has occurred with respect to utilization in pediatric patients.  We don't have separate data broken out anecdotally that I can speak and Terry or Kevin can add. In a very young pediatric patient you have a parent that's driving therapy, so a parent is going to make the decision to have the child use the sensor all the time as the pediatric patients get older particularly in their teenage years that utilization becomes little bit different as kids don't want to have everything connected to their bodies all the time. But our utilization should be at least equal to if not better than it is for adults in the pediatric market particularly as you look at the younger segment. 
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: That's helpful. And then just the follow-ups on G5 and G6 maybe that's a little premature. You had the sensor ASP around $70 overall today on the G4 and I am just curious just a thought on pricing G5 and then G6 were beyond potentially when we do move away completely from finger sticks where you envision sensor pricing can go overall? Thanks. 
Steven R. Pacelli: Well sensor prices are computed on a per day reimbursement rate with our payers and that $70 reflects an average of about $10 a day for our sensor-ware. As we go out further overtime our best chance for price increases is probably extending the wear more days versus 7 days and getting a price increase that way. On a per day basis possibly if we made calibrations we could get some of that but ultimately we are committed to the fact that this therapy is going to have to save money in our current healthcare environment if it's going to continue to grow and be successful.  So we are running our business planning on driving our cost down, being as efficient as possible and being able to deal with whatever pricing scenario comes our way. If we can replace finger sticks and have a sub 10 MARD with our sensor it might be feasible that we go ask for more pricing but we are not focused on that today, we need to get there first. 
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: So maybe just if I could just add one in there about gross margin and it seems you like have pretty good sort of volume coverage to reduce overhead in the factory. Some -- maybe just a little bit more detail on gross margin again for maybe sensor specifically and where potentially how do you get from the level today to where the vision is for potentially 80% gross margins on sensors is if it's not necessarily price driven?
Steven R. Pacelli: And then again we have never had our margin -- we never as we talked about margins going up driven them up based on increased prices. It's always been on improvement in our processes. The key word there is automation. A lot of the things that we do today we still assemble applicators and there is still a lot of manual processes in the things that we do. We have plans to automate a lot of those things overtime that are largely dependent how quickly we go with our future product generations.  Another thing that will help margins overtime, just margins as a percentage when we go to the cell phone model of Gen5 the receiver won't be as intricate. We may lose a few dollars on the revenue side with respect to selling fewer receivers that will pick up or as we add more customers and sell more sensors to those customers. So you would see a mix shift in the sales of our disposable products. But automation gets us there, on our future product designs we don't design anything without it being cost effective and more cost effective that what it's replacing.  So these guys have been innovating for a number of years, in fact we kind of joke about it. We've got everything stacked, we've got five years of innovation stacked right on top of each other. But we need to get out the door and get through the agency. These designs are lot more cost effective than what we do today. 
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: Helpful, thanks again. 
Operator: And our next question here comes from [Ken Wald] from Benchmark Company. Please go head. 
Unidentified Analyst : Good afternoon and congratulations on the quarter and congratulations on promotions and all that things. I may be the last to wish you, I guess I have a couple of questions a lot questions have already been asked but it seems to be that the revenue versus OpEx has well you have a nice ratio there 64 in sales, 30 in OpEx, something around those line, should we see continued improvement in that and if so how are you going to try to specially the OpEx side of that ratio? 
Kevin Sayer: That's a very good question. As we look at going forward as Terry's graduated and I am just starting school I guess would be the best way to describe it we have to balance three things. This continued accelerated revenue growth, our goal is always to grow the bottom line faster than the top and we will run the business that way. But the third piece of that is getting this innovation out to the market and how much do we spend to get these new products out and how much do we spend to expand our field efforts and get this get more people aware of our technology. So we are always balancing those three things. Our ratios have clearly improved in 2013 we would hope to continue in 2014 and certainly that's our plan. That being said as we look at our innovation opportunities as we look at clinical studies we plan to do as we look at possibly additional field expansion of things go very well, we'll kind of wait and see how those ratios shake out for next year. We really feel the need to keep going fast and go faster. And so that's how we look at it day-to-day. Okay. 
Unidentified Analyst :  And just may be question on the European markets how do you -- what's going to be your approach for expansion there how are you going to attract those markets? 
Kevin Sayer: What our biggest win there over the past few months is we're starting to gain traction to get reimbursement from the reimbursement authorities for CGM as a standalone. Couple of countries Switzerland and Slovenia have now approved CGM for patients and there are efforts ongoing in several of the larger countries as well because they see the benefit of that. Right now our European business is to a large extent cash pay from patients or also physicians who uses diagnostic they are not getting reimbursed by insurance as we get reimbursement and the European companies that will be our biggest driver in those other markets. 
Unidentified Analyst :  Thank you very much and congratulations again. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you.
Operator:  And the next question here comes from Tao Levy from Wedbush. 
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities & Co.: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of quick questions I think in prior calls you've talked about the penetration of CGM in the type 1 diabetes in the U.S. market kind of in the upper or single-digits kind of close to 10% and assuming you are splitting share with Medtronic we're kind of still at that level, were your guestimates may be off last year may be the penetration was lower than you thought or was it just a lot of attrition of CGM patients in prior years? 
Steven R. Pacelli: I don't think our estimates were off per say I do think we had a bigger attrition policy here is the other factors. We don't have great visibility in the Medtronic numbers we know what our numbers are and look pretty comfortable at what percentage penetration we have into the type 1 market in the U.S. And I think while our attrition on SEVEN PLUS may be have been little bit worse than we had initially anticipated as we converted.  I think we remain very comfortable with our prior statements where we were and particularly over the course of this past year and 2013 and where we're very growing it's hard sometime I think to compare apples-to-apples between our numbers and the numbers that Medtronic puts out because our patients go on CGM and they continue to use CGM on a go forward basis.  We believe that Medtronic numbers are a number of things patients who made private sensor may fall off to sensor but also they record revenues in sensor utilization for a completely different product for their iPro product which is really just a diagnostic product.  If they lump that into kind of patients using CGM it's not really apples-to-apples because these are not patients who are using CGM on real time basis going forward. These are patients who might use it once a quarter or once or twice a year. So it's hard to characterize those in my opinion as real time CGM users. So it gets really tough to quantify when we dont have great visibility into their numbers as to have what the overall CGM penetration into the type one spaces.
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities & Co.: Okay. And so basically I mean it's the mass and how youre seeing the attrition now for G4. Penetration rate should necessarily move higher. 
Steven R. Pacelli:  Weve gave the guidance thats obviously and that guidance assumes a pretty healthy new patient add rate. And over the course of the year and were talked about our reduced attrition rate et cetera. So yes, I mean we assume that we at DexCom are going to continue to penetrate and grow our share of the type I space in the US for sure. 
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities & Co.:   Great and just one big picture question. So as more providers start entering into accountable care type arrangements rent and potentially share some of those cost savings type 2 patient achieving certain A1C levels. There is a discussion with the doctors start to revolve around the use of CGM, their ability to get their patients levels down and for doctors and return, obviously they paid more from insurance company and patients do well obviously DexCom as well. Are we there or is it still is it too early on the conversations?
Steven R. Pacelli: Well, its not too early for the conversation, it is too early for the implementation. But we have long been of the position that we are quite willing to go at risk with the payer opportunity, to say to the payers set forth to your strategy the patient group that you would like as to address. And we are willing I said go at risk. And along with that in the end if we save the payer system money we want to share in the savings. So I think that's what is eventually going to happen and are going to first see that physician level from payment. Theyre going to get paid for success.  But Im not of the belief personally that the industry that is addressing this population are also going to have to have some skin in the game in the future as part of this whole payment structure. And I do believe and its pretty clear that to use A12 as the criteria, every -- that youve ever seen to my knowledge thats not probably met analysis but in direct studies demonstrate a significant reduction in A1C depending upon the patient entering baseline, but reduction in A1C with the utilization of CGM versus any other technology within the diabetes space.  So I do see that as something coming forward. And were happy being part of that question. I think its a great opportunity for us than to really showcase what we can do at that environment, but its literally at a discussion stage not in an implementation stage. That said, I will diverge just for a second and that is in the hospital market. And why I get so excited about G4 is good enough to be in the hospital and some of the attributes that Kevin talked about will drive it even further.  That market is clearly one in which if there is [recidivism] of a patient than the hospital doesnt get paid. So they already are experienced that pushback from the government. And there is a lot of dialog thats going on at the endocrinology level about trying to achieve a certain level not only of A1C, but actual recording of average glucose levels in order to keep them between a certain bandwidth where they started to allow that to ease up to around 180. And then on some of the criterias as we want these patients back closer to 140. And so there is -- as how do you get them to 140 without starving them basically while theyre in the hospital.  And that is actually a very active dialog that is being communicated amongst endocrinology population. And thats what we sit in quite easily. I mean there is better way to get a patient to 140. Keep them north of 80 to below 140 and what CGM. And then you have to really worry about whats the reading and last thing you want to do is start the patient in a hospital setting just to achieve some artificial level of glycemic control. 
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities & Co.:   Thank you for the colors.  
Operator:  And at this time, Im showing no further questions. 
Terrance H. Gregg:   Well thanks everyone. Obviously an exciting call for us and I always have this kind of reflection as a transition to this new role so here is my reflection for today so look at statistics and today 1 in 10 adults in US has diabetes and its projected that one in three will have diabetes by the year 2015. So according to the pharmaceutical research and manufacturers of America Association US biopharmaceutical research companies are currently developing 180 new medicines for diabetes.  The cost to bring a new medicine from concept to reality is well over billion dollars and yet today here is DexCom with tools in the field that improve here again glycemic variability with only drugs we already do it. So we feel that we are extremely well placed to expand in our opportunities and as Kevin mentioned in his comments you hear has talk about how accurate we are today, you hear us talk about the ability to expand connectivity and convenience and thats driving right into the sweet spot of this expansion of diabetes care but we have tools and are developing tools not research so much but as developmental tools because we have already done the research to get a highly accurate sensor. Now we can expand on that to make things simple to use by much larger audience. So I am thrilled about the prospects.  Obviously we have to get to cash flow positive and ultimately to profitable but until that day arrives and we are certainly at a pace we now have the leverage to expand our capability to a much larger market. So with that I will sign off and say thank you.
Operator:  And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terrance H. Gregg  Chief Executive Officer Kevin Sayer  President and Chief Operating Officer Steven R. Pacelli  Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
Analysts: Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity Ben Andrew  William Blair Kim W. Gailun  JPMorgan Securities LLC Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann Jason Bedford  Raymond James Jan Walsh  Benchmark Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Atreen and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded.  Ill now turn the call over to Terry Gregg, CEO. Terry Gregg, you may begin.
Terrance H. Gregg:  Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. We will kick it off with Steve Pacelli and reading our Safe Harbor statement. Steve? 
Steven R. Pacelli:  Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof.  These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports as filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason.  Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating loss. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terrance H. Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. I assume by now most of you have seen our earnings press release. Our financial results speak for themselves. During the third quarter we achieved record sales, record margins and we were cash flow positive. Before I turn the call over to Kevin to review our financial results in greater detail and provide a brief operations update, Id like to update the investment community with some exciting news regarding a new addition to our Board of Directors, it is no secret that we have a tremendous amount of work in front of ourselves, our system evolves into display on a smart phone paired with robust data management tools. To that end we are pleased to announce the addition of Steve Altman, Vice Chairman of Qualcomm and long time diabetes advocate to our Board. Steve brings unique and diversified expertise to an already dynamic board of directors, Steve has served on Qualcomms executive committee for nearly 15 years providing direction and guidance on key initiatives across all areas of the business as well as on overall Qualcomm vision and strategy, he joined Qualcomm in 1989 and his leadership roles have included General Counsel, President of Qualcomm Technology Licensing, President of Qualcomm and most recently as Vice Chairman of Qualcomm. Throughout his 24 year tenure Steves contributions help to enable the successful growth, evolution and expansion of Qualcomm into a world leading mobile technology innovator and we are pleased to welcome him to the board. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. Ill start with the financial update, DexCom generated $42.5 million in product revenue for the third quarter of 2013 compared to $21.1 million for the same quarter and 2012 a $21.4 million or 101% increase, we remind investors that in the third quarter of 2012 we reserved $1.2 million for sales returns relating to our 30 day money back guarantee on SEVEN PLUS hardware in anticipation of the G4 PLATINUM launch. Absent that increase in returns reserve our year-over-year product revenue growth would have been 91%, we also remind investors that we believe third quarter 2012 product revenues are somewhat suppressed because purchase decisions during Q3, 2012 are deferred as patients and healthcare providers anticipated the G4 PLATINUM introduction. Sequentially product revenue for Q3 of 2013 increased 20% from the prior quarter and we know that if you back out the impact of approximately $1.3 million and higher than expected Q2, 2013 revenue attributed to Animas royalties and GlucoClear sensor sales our sequential improvement in product revenue would have been 24%. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2013 was $42.9 million compared to $23.1 million during the same quarter in 2012. Our product gross profit totaled $27.7 million generating a product gross margin of 65% for the third quarter compared to product gross profit of $7.7 million and a product gross margin of 36% for the same quarter in the prior year. As a reminder our product gross margin was artificially low in Q3, 2012 based on a number of one time charges and reserves we took in connection with our transition from the SEVEN PLUS G4 PLATINUM. Sequentially product gross margin for Q3 of 2013 increased four margin points from the prior quarter primarily the result of increased sensor volumes combined with continued improved operational performance. Some final thoughts on our product revenues and our gross profits are in Q3. During Q3 we added more new patients and sold more sensors than in any prior quarter. Consumable and durable revenues both increased significantly from Q2, 2013 although sensor sales grew at a much faster rate than durable sales. We continue to see increased patient retention combined with increased sensor utilization with the G4 PLATINUM system compared to the SEVEN PLUS resulting in a very favorable impact upon gross margins and gross profits for the quarter, with respect to the split between consumable and durable revenues our mix is naturally shifted more towards consumable products and its now closer to 25% durable and 75% consumable. ASP [ph] for sensors stayed consistent and approximately $70 per sensors and the ASP for our hardware continued at approximately $850 per starter kit. Our international business performance continued to exceed our expectations in Q3 as well as it was up approximately 100% year-over-year and continues to represent close to 10% product revenue. Research and development expense totaled $11.8 million for Q3 of 2013, compared to $10.3 million in Q3 of 2012 with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related cost, that expenses related to work on our near term product pipeline. Sequentially, R&D expense was up 6% with the increase due primarily to non-cash charges related to our SweetSpot acquisition and share based compensation. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $21.6 million in Q3 of 2013, compared to $15.4 million during the same quarter in 2012. The increase was primarily related to selling in information technology expenses necessary to support growth, the increased also included $900,000 of additional non-cash share based compensation. Our net loss for the third quarter of 2013 totaled $6 million and included $9.5 million in non-cash expenses centered in share based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these non-cash charges, our net income would have been $3.5 million for Q3 2013 compare this to an adjusted cash based net loss of $9.7 million for the same quarter last year. We would also like to point out that year-to-date our cash operating loss is $1.5 million compared to a cash operating loss of $27 million before the first three quarters of last year. Another way to look on our year-to-date performance our product revenues have increased by $44.6 million or 73% resulting in a gross profit increase of $37.6 million thats more than doubled. The gross margin percentage on these additional revenues is actually an excess of 80%. Even with our robust investment in sales expansion and our continues investment in our R&D pipeline more than $25 million of these gross profits have fallen to our bottom line and into the bank. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.08 with respect to our balance sheet we ended the third quarter with $47.6 million in cash and marketable securities and increased the $1.2 million from the end of Q2, 2013 and we note that our cash and marketable securities balance at the end of Q3 is roughly where we started the year. With our cash on hand at the end of Q3, our debt availability of $28 million and most importantly our operating performance improvement through three quarters of 2013 we remain very comfortable with our commitment not to raise additional equity funds in the near term. I would like to close the discussion of our financial results with some thoughts on Q4, while we are not formally adjusting our full-year guidance at this time, we are confident that well exceed the top end of our current range of $140 million in product revenue that being status we look to the balance of the year there are a number of factors, some positive and some negative that will impact Q4 revenue growth. Obviously, you are all aware that in September Medtronic received approval of its 530G insulin pump with thresholds to expand and is currently commercializing its system. While it remains to be seen whether this product will have a meaningful clinical impact over time, we expect Medtronic to aggressively market just of ice over the next several quarters as the first artificial pancreas; more to come on that from Terry. This can impact the rate at which we are able to add new patients to our installed base, as clinicians and patients take time to evaluate this product its also important to remember that we sold an extraordinary amount of hardware during Q4 2012 in connection with the launch of G4 PLATINUM. So for our year-over-year comparison in Q4 2013, we will be comparing against a quarter in which we launched our first new product into a years. We exceeded in Q3 what most analysts expected us to do in Q4. However I remind investors that we never suggested that we were continue to go at 65% year-over-year as we did in Q2 and certainly not the 100% that we experienced this quarter. So for Q4 2013, given the comparison to our first quarter, G4 PLATINUM sales in Q4 2012, we expect our product revenue growth to begin to normalize a closer to 40% year-over-year as weve guided previously and we do not expect to exceed 50% year-over-year growth in Q4 2013. With respect to operating expenses in the fourth quarter, we expect to increase our spending in a couple of very important commercial areas. As many of you know last year an early this year, we added approximately 20 sales territories to our U.S. sales force. Before the end of this year, we plan to add an additional 20 territories bringing our total U.S. field sales force to approximately 90 reps. Were also commencing a number of clinical studies designed to demonstrate both the clinical and economical benefits of CGM as a front-line therapy to support our physician that CGM is the most important and cost effective tool on the intensive management of insulin dependent diabetes. Finally we note that our historical cash usage has always been high in Q4 as accounts receivable increase due to late Q4 sales and we pay on a number of recruit liabilities before year-end. Adding to factors this year inventories may increase in Q4 depending upon the timing of the approvals of our three pending FDA filings. Now on to the business update; turning to our regulatory activities, I am very pleased to report that during Q3 we filed the PMA supplement with the FDA seeking and expanded indication for G4 PLATINUM for professional use. Professional CGM&A enables clinicians to gain better insight into their patience glycemic profiles. Devices are owned by the healthcare professional and can be used either in blinded mode for simple collection in retrospective review of glucose stated by the clinician or in unblinded mode which allows the patient to experience the full benefits a real time CGM are still providing the doctor with an opportunity to review glucose data retrospectively with the patients. Clinicians can use the insights gain from a professional CGM session to adjust therapy and to educate and motivate patients to modify their behavior after viewing the effects of specific foods, exercised stress and medications have on their glucose levels. With respect to our pediatric indication, we continue to have regular open dialog with the FDA concerning our U.S. pediatric submission, our discussions continue to center on appropriate billing at the products specifically for children. And we remain optimistic that we will receive approval prior to year-end. Finally with respect to our share filing, we have received written feedback from the FDA and we are currently preparing our responses to the questions post to us. These questions required some simple clarification and a bit more testing of the system and we expect our responses will be submitted to the FDA within a couple of weeks. Turning to our future CGM product offerings, we remain focused on replacing finger sticks as our primary long-term objective and we continue to work on both Gen5 and Gen6 in an effort to achieve this goal. We continue to believe that simplicity, patient convenience and expanded connectivity paired with our superior sensor technology will enable us to maintain our leadership position in the CGM market. Shifting to our integration partnerships, Animas continues to work with the FDA on its PMA submission seeking approval of Animas 5 system in the U.S. Animas is currently completing additional verification and validation testing and additional human factors testing requested by the FDA and expected to have all additional testing done in response to submitted to the FDA by the end of January. We continue to work diligently with Tandem Diabetes Care to incorporate the G4 PLATINUM into a next generation version of Tandems GSwim. Tandems PMA application has not yet been filed with the FDA, while the integrated system remains a top development and regulatory priority for them as were approaching year-end, we do not anticipate Tandem will file this quarter. Although Tandem management is currently highly engaged in their IPO process, we continue to work closely with the Tandem team to complete verification and validation testing and submit of PMA application with the FDA as soon as possible. Id now like to turn the call over to Terry for some concluding remarks.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thanks Kevin. The third quarter was a record breaking quarter for DexCom, as we continue to execute on all aspects of our business via commercial, clinical, regulatory or with our R&D efforts. Further evidence that our business model is scalable and is evolving the way we always said it would. There has been a lot of buzz in the diabetes community of late with Medtronics announcement in September of approval of the 530G. Id like to briefly share my thoughts on this approval and its impact on DexCom. While a system that just spends into one when our local [indiscernible] holders breached is considered a first step to achieve a closed-loop or bionic pancreas. I do not believe the 530G adequately achieved that first step due to its four sensor accuracy and reliability. In fact in my opinion the pursuit of an artificial pancreas has unfortunately been dealt a substantial blow with the introduction of this product. The diabetes community has already complaining that after seven years and hundreds of millions of dollars stepped is this the best industry could come up with, I share their frustration. Patients deserve better. Since our accuracy is what matters and multiple independent studies, our G4 PLATINUM sensors anywhere from 40% to 70% more accurate than the new Medtronics sensor. At this point most investors are aware of the work done out of Boston, represented at the ADA Scientific Session meeting last summer where Dr. Steven Russell shared competitive data from patient simultaneously wearing the G4 PLATINUM and Medtronics Enlite and reported an MARD of 10.8% for the G4 PLATINUM and 17.9% for the Enlite. And just lastly, at the Diabetes Technology Meeting in San Francisco, Dr. Gary Steil presented competitive sensor data, as part of the study examining the use of CGM in critically ill infants reporting an MARD for the in light of 17.8%, and an extremely high 81% early failure rate. By comparison Dr. Gary Steil reported an MARD of only 11.7% for the G4 PLATINUM with no early failures. We expect additional studies with similar results will follow. Medtronics sight several different accuracy metrics in their labeling. But unfortunately it seems that no independent investigator can reproduce the Medtronic data and we believe the sensors poor performance will be obvious to patients who try the device, furthermore while Medtronics data raises a number of questions, we believe that to achieve any reasonable level of accuracy with this particular product patients will need to take up to four finger sticks calibrations per day, we know from our own market research that reducing or eliminating calibration is extremely important to patients. Weve also heard initial reports from patients that a considerable number of 530G alerts are false which is in line with one of the in light data tables where Medtronic discloses that more than 50% of the in light to alerts that 70 milligrams per deciliter within a 15 minute window are false as we learned with several of our prior products repeated in accurate or false alarms underlying a patient stress and state them as CGM system and our key factor in patients electing to quit using CGMs. We are very prepared with our messaging in the field particularly around the benefits of CGM first but we are also cognizant of the fact that the Medtronic marketing machine is out in full force, as a result we do expect some impact to our new patient additions over the next several quarters as clinicians and healthcare providers evaluate this new product. Diabetes is a burden, it is a burden for the patient 24/7/365 there are no holidays, there are no vacations, it is a life sentence and is challenging as it for patients loved ones, friends and colleagues are all impacted by diabetes. Our mission remains steadfast, replace finger sticks and in the process eliminate one of the most cumbersome and painful requirements of managing diabetes successfully. For DexCom the future is about simplicity, patient convenience and con activity. Our goal is to continuing manicurize the footprint on the body to make the patient experience as minimally invasive as possible. Our goal is to enable the patient to interact with their glucose data directly on a smartphone which will not only add to the overall patient experience but will enable parents to receive their glucose information during the night time. During the school day from as a child while the parent is at work will allow the spouse to monitor a loved one while at work or when traveling. As I routinely tell our employees stay the course but there is substantially larger appeal presence, we expect our competition or attempt to create confusion in the marketplace with regards to sensor performance. But we are committed to compete toe to toe in marketing the superiority of our system in the end by presenting performance data that is truthful and accurate we will continue to win the hearts and minds and royalty of patients and healthcare providers. Thank you and well open it for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). And we have Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray in line with the question. Please go ahead.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Hi, everybody so Ill will be quick Terry and crew Kevin, number lets see where do I want to go with this Terry on the Vibe and the PMA that J&J is doing has there been any correlation any changes in it and how you think that product is going to be launched given the reorg of the diabetes business at J&J?
Terrance H. Gregg: Tom Im actually going to ask Steve and Steve heads our Steering Committee relationship with Animas and he would be better suited to answer that.
Steven Pacelli: Yes I think look the Vibe remains a critical priority, I mean they still talk about the Vibe not just at the diabetes franchise level but we here mention of the Vibe at all the way up to corporate chain, I think the real challenge right now for the diabetes franchise is being dragged down frankly by their finger sticks business as a lot of moving parts in that organization. But I think first and foremost priority is to get the Vibe out, we are working and that is largely being driven by J&J, we are working on a more advanced system without disclosing too many details, there has been some limited data published but its certainly a more advanced product than the 530G, I cant give you any specific timelines on that product because truly a J&J product remained not to disclose those yet, but yes J&J I think frankly that the launch of the 530G has reinvigorated particularly the Animas side of the diabetes franchise.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Thanks. And then Kevin you guys held back so long on earning reps and all of the sudden you are on quite a ramp here, can you help me understand or clarify of those 20 that you plan on adding before the end of the year 20 reps by the end but those commission generating sales guys territories calling on unique customers?
Kevin Sayer: Thats exactly what they are Tom, weve gone through a very detailed process of analyzing our demographics and where are current sales are coming from where physicians and patients are located based on the [indiscernible] reports and everything and weve again divided the country backup and added 20 more reps.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Thanks.
Terrance H. Gregg:  So that is exactly what they are more commission based sales people.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Terrific. And then last really quick question you repeated the Pediatric FDA clearance approved order clearance by the end of the year? Are you prepared for an early 2014 launch of pediatric?
Terrance H. Gregg: Yeah we will be approved pediatric date and then we get the approval..
Kevin Sayer: It only took us three weeks to launch Gen4 Platinum last time we will get the thing out as absolutely quickly as possible.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Okay thanks guys.
Operator: And we have Bill Plovanic from Canaccord on line with the question. Please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity: Great guys, good evening, congratulations gentlemen.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you, Bill.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity: So as we kind of pass through the numbers here, it wasnt a loss. I mean I just want to get clarification if its the 75/25 mix your durable revenues growth is accelerating and your utilization went up significantly. Are my numbers that off or is that what were actually seeing?
Kevin Sayer:  Im not looking at your numbers. But what were seeing is our durable revenues went up, and our sensor revenues went up faster. So utilization and retention are doing very well for us right now.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity: Are there any metrics you can share with us maybe even just sequentially like is your utilization going, improving X amount of sensors, a quarter or a percentage or just anything you can share to help to quantify. So we can understand because in my model looks like utilization metrics are going up, something like a 30% improvement on a quarter-on-quarter basis and that it seems a little high. But Im just trying to get a clarification on drivers?
Kevin Sayer: Im not sure that youre that high though, I think again we have imperfect data, we share data with a lot of independent distributors and while they give us tracings. Were still consolidating as best we can. What we reviewed earlier this week we sat down and went through all the data that we could come up with. We see patients using more sensors, one category that really struck me and Terry is there appeared to be a much higher number of patients for example who are purchasing enough sensors to wear a new sensor every seven days. And if patients are wearing a new sensor every seven days, you can do the economics for that model thats a very, very strong piece of evidence for us and as we have stratified our user base from those who use very few sensors to those who dont even who buy the first kit and then dont buy anything else. What our goal all along was is to move everybody up the food chain to get everybody utilizing more sensors and thats whats happening everybody is moving up a notch and purchasing more. So this product is being utilized very regularly by the patients who have it and even our distributors had confirmed for us, because these guys they live to sell diabetes supplies, they are call centers, they track every to every call they make, every purchase made, our distributors have come back to us and told us the retention rate on this product is fabulous. So were not just coming up with that with our own numbers. Were coming up that with our large distributors I verified that fact as well.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And then again kind of more in the weeds, but as I look at the past couple of quarters you benefited from upgrades of patients I think last quarter you mentioned maybe a third of the patients were upgrades as you look at this quarter, is there any metric around that you are willing to share?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, I can tell you upgrades are down. We added more new patients in this quarter than any quarter weve ever had. Weve swapped out almost all of the SEVEN PLUS patient base at this point in time that is active, so upgrades as a percentage came down this quarter versus going up, this is a quarter of new patient growth more than upgrades.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And then my last question and I will jump back into queue. But you generate cash in the quarter, you lose money only because you have a big DNA in stock comp. Do you know as you think about the business going forward is strategy to drive revenues and just keep the cash flow neutral, because revenues is what youre valued on at the end of the day or do you expect that you would actually drive bigger positive cash flow and earnings, I mean what is the focus to management at this point?
Kevin Sayer:  Yeah. Theyll all take a crack at it, Im sure Terry can add weve been through this exercise before and we want to grow that top line as fast as we can. That will require significant investment on both the commercial side of the business and then our product pipeline. That being said weve been at this for a long time. Its time to make some money. So we will manage our top line growth and work to manage our bottom line as well and try and keep a balance. And ultimately over the next few years wed expect our bottom-line to grow faster than the top line. But we will never ignore the reinvestment back into that business. We need to garner as much market share as we possibly can, over the next two year to three year period and get as many people on CGM as we can support within our system. So it will be balancing act but we are getting down to the bottom-line. Once we get here I dont think there is a lot of turn back.
Terrance H. Gregg:  No, you cant go back. And obviously on the cash flow weve made comments about the full year 2014 and our Board as always maintained that the direction that we should go and then look at GAAP positive in 2015 and beyond. So it is always going to be an incremental goal to continue to make this business more profitable, but echoing Kevins comments not at the expense of having a robust R&D pipeline, not at the expense of achieving our goal of replacing fingers tips which I look on the horizon and see how close. We think we are with some of the technology that we are currently developing and it would be a shame, I think it would be a  its our moral obligation to pursue this for people with diabetes.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Genuity: Great, thank you. And congratulations on a unbelievable quarter.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thanks.
Operator: And we have Ben Andrew from William Blair on the line with questions. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew  William Blair:  Not sure how to follow that prayers of sequence but I will do my best guys. Terry if you think about the productivity and the sales force could you add anybody in the third quarter that we are in terms of staffing or it is just a significant improvements in productivity by the reps. And so its usually extrapolate forward with the 20 ads. Can we again that multiplier sect in terms of the easy and patience on at this point with this new product?
Terrance H. Gregg:  Ben its a combination of things. So number one, and the answer to your question. No we didnt hire the additions in the third quarter that shows this difference. But I would like to contrast it by. We hired better reps and in terms of our attractiveness to the people that we hire. And the next 20 I am sure we are not lacking opportunities to hire some of the best particularly as we get some contraction in the diabetes world as a result of economic impact. We get to kind of pick who we choose and I think thats a implant that what that translates into is that they are more active, more successful more quickly. So you dont have that long traditional and four to six month learning curve that new reps particularly those that are coming from outside of the CGM business tend to take in order to get them up to speed. I think the second plan and my seals business contracts that the same docs that I called on a year ago that I called back on today and right along just that attitude towards CGM first has driven so many cases the product is selling itself. And the rep is certainly out promoting that thats one of the reasons that Kevin and the team are made the decision to expand the sales force again. Because we are not completely serving the entire diabetes population that we should and now were enough awareness about the G4 PLATINUM that now is the time to drive that message to our larger group of physicians and prescribers.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you, Terry. And then as you think about Kevin maybe the hardware components in the quarter you obviously gave us some insight into the mix of new patients and upgrade as SEVEN PLUS. Where do you think the steady state if there is one will be in terms of hardware for new patients and equipment upgrades for existing patients after SEVEN PLUS. So the transmitters and handful things like that?
Kevin Sayer:  And thats a very complex question with the G4 PLATINUM and I can give you one variable, when we launched G4 system one of the things that we get us we warranted the transmitter for six months building in an estimated shelf life, and then selling to approximately to distributor where there be another month shelf life and then to a patients. So weve given a six months guaranty. The translators we shift last October by larger still working. And so we havent been enable to predict when the translator sales are going to come back and we were thinking originally we get two transmitters a year, our products works too well, good for the patient, little tough for us to model. I think over time then on the hardware cycle, it probably wont be every year with the receiver maybe SEVEN PLUS, because I think this hardware will become more realizable. On the flip side of that, weve got a lot of hardware innovation coming like the share system that we will launch again as soon as to prove thats more hardware sales. I dont know what that does to receiver and the transmitter revenues, but it could have a very positive impact and thats we look out over time with another transmitter when we talk to a phone or additional improvements we have our hardware cycle may become little more traditional based on multiple product launches versus waiting three years for a new system. So for now our percentage we win 30% last quarter durable, creeping down closer towards 25 this quarter with huge sensor sale increases or just kind of play it by year.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Okay. So the new patient revenue, its over 50% of the handheld revenues or is that 75% within that?
Kevin Sayer: We never broke it out, but its high, its higher than this another quarters.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Okay, great. And then the last question and this is another kind of once I guess why would somebody take out at this sensor seven days, and you just surprised by that with the comfort or is it just kind of routine that get into? Thanks
Steven R. Pacelli: What I suspected is, I think new patients coming into the system that are different than the patients originally where the earlier adapters and high technology people they actually read the labeled instructions and use it according to indicated you. So I think theyre just following the instructions appropriately. And they havent gone to the back, because we do actually at the end of the session, we get them advanced notice that the session is ending at this other group earlier adapters that figured that ways to trick the system to allow longer use. So I think there is a population that is behaving appropriately according the indications for use.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we have Kim Gailun from JPMorgan will have the question. Please go ahead.
Kim W. Gailun  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. And congrats on the quarter, this is a nice one for me coming on board for my first quarter, so nice works there. And I guess the first question is for Kevin, just looking your comments for your full year outlook and kind of no formal change, but certainly exceeding the top end of the $140 million on product revenue. I think that you also said in the fourth quarter you look to normalize toward the 40% growth in product revenues and not at the 50%. So are you essentially seeing then for the fourth quarter just based on those growth rate $44 million to $48 million and then for the full-year in product revenues that gives you $150 million to $153 million?
Kevin Sayer:  Weve created a frame that you can pay it anywhere you would like, yeah.
Kim W. Gailun  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, but those number, I heard those numbers correctly?
Kevin Sayer: Yes, you heard the 40% and that exceeding 50% thats correct.
Kim W. Gailun  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, fantastic. And, how do you think that plays out as we go into 2014, I know broadly you said that 40% to 50% is kind of the right number for 2014 and how do you think about the Medtronics impact, I guess next year, as we move through the year?
Kevin Sayer:  Its little early to talk in, but weve been committed to 35% and 40% growth for next year for long-time here and we knew this product was coming. So its not like were completely got and aware, driving our growth next year obviously PEDs indication its going to be very helpful. We believe our share system combined with the PEDs indication gives parents on opportunity to monitor their children life long and even when they go to school, when they take it with them. It will also be based on our market research use very extensively with spouses and other that will help drive revenue and combined that with possibly in J&J launch. We have a lot things in our favor that are good, good growth drivers for next year. Bottom line as we look to start next year, with this patient based buying a lot more sensors, weve got a pretty good start.
Kim W. Gailun  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, okay. And then just the follow-up on the gross margin, which was obviously also very strong in the quarter, was there anything onetime in there or is that kind of the level with the mix of business youre seeing the that kind of level we should expect to grow offer going-forward.
Kevin Sayer: There were no one-time advance in there that had a material effect on margins. weve little one-time things every quarter. Weve often set our margin target for our sensors within the 70% to 75% range in this. As you guys do the math and figure out hardware versus sensor sales does not too hard to reduced that weve got there. So again, weve achieved what we set were going to due primary margin perspective and we look to go forward from here.
Kim W. Gailun  JPMorgan Securities LLC:  Okay, its great. Thanks guys.
Operator:  And, we have [indiscernible] question. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon. I appreciate on a top 10 in late, could you talked about margins sometime end of October, have you actually seeing them in your account base?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, weve actually got fortune, I have screen shots that have been sent to me from patients showing the highly inaccurate in light sensor and direct screen shot with their own meter and our sensor and its alarming and I dont mean that as a tongue and cheek tone, but the reports are the excessive alarms are remarkable. Yeah, weve seen about that. And I think thats in my comments are attributed to that type of information. The blogs are already populated with this thing as Im working way Medtronic and IP net. And I think thats disservice to the artificial bankers consortium they tries to get this out and pursue this. Like I said, I think weve taken those of our sort of active in the AP world and suddenly learn 17 projects around the world, I think this over hyping by Medtronic is going to blow back on them, number one and I think number two its going to cause AP projects and patient efficacy groups to take us back in the lockout, where we come weve spend all of this money the patient efficacy groups like JDRF and others I think there is a question in everybodys mind that this is the best we can do this is certainly dismal in my opinion.
Unidentified Analyst:  And for patients looking for pump CGM integration how much can you say about the pending Vibe in the U.S. now I am assuming not?
Terrance H. Gregg:  Yeah, I have to look at the use the international experience of the proxy, so the deals just come which is the 530G in European launch and its been there for about three years now, has not grown particularly the Vibe has taken share in every country that they are in I think the physicians recognize the lack of utility of that low glucose suspend over there low threshold here that when you are only suspending for an average of 11 minutes and overnight and that suspension represents probably less than a couple of units of insulin that you are, really not doing much. So I dont think it would necessarily harm a patient but all its going to do is just drive them crazy where alarms they wake up do a confirmatory finger stick recognized that and neon light sensor is wrong and so I think as more that happened the more frustrated and more alarms of session that patients engage in and thats all going to come back to the blogs and give to healthcare providers.
Unidentified Analyst: I think and then
Kevin Sayer:  I think the Vibe well wants, wants share well take share.
Unidentified Analyst: And should we be updating our model for Vibe to reflect more of a mid-2014? Launch next?
Terrance H. Gregg: Steve, I thought Steve had a great answer to that? This is driven by JNJ and although we are helping them every step of the way, its really their filing until that actually goes in and theyve responded appropriately they would be inappropriate for us to comment on timing.
Unidentified Analyst: And then on this perhaps just a comment about the sales productivity increasing, have you reached the max sales productivity or just there lot more upside?
Terrance H. Gregg: There is a lot more upside I mean when you look at data that says where we are at has a penetration in a category we clearly mostly everybody things weve got more than 50% share in the U.S. and I dont know whether thats true or not true but as the category approaching 10% if you look pumps they are not quite at 30% so I would say our target has to be in order to pump so weve got a lot of runway get in front of us to achieve much better results.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And we have [indiscernible] line at the question. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, hi good afternoon.
Kevin Sayer: Ted, so just to be clear then so in the current quarter  in the third quarter you really didnt have much in terms of incremental six months transmitter type revenues.
Terrance H. Gregg: Not much.
Kevin Sayer: No. We have some but not a lot.
Unidentified Analyst: I mean you take that has it start hitting here in the fourth quarter?
Terrance H. Gregg: Its started picking up a little bit in September and its gone a little faster here in October, November its still has the floodgates havent opened yet.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you okay, and then have you closed down the old sensor manufacturing 7?
Terrance H. Gregg: Yes, we have we dont manufacture SEVEN PLUS sensors anymore, weve got a safety stock of inventory build primarily to service our professionally used patients until the G4 PLATINUM professional used system is approved and occasional one-off shipments to our patients were in the middle of implementing some very aggressive upgrade programs for the remainder of the SEVEN PLUS patients to get them switched over and those will be going out shortly. Well push pretty hard over the next six weeks.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. So it was in the Q3s gross margin number that still includes some of the deal manufacturing
Kevin Sayer: Yeah so it does.
Unidentified Analyst:
 :
Kevin Sayer: Sure.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just lastly anything on GlucoClear if there is any updates there. Thanks.
Kevin Sayer: I can go ahead what theyre marketing it commercially on a limited basis in Europe and they appear as we hear comments in their calls in such to be very bullish on the product and we didnt have much on the revenue side there. So it all appears to be going well.
Unidentified Analyst: And feedback  clinical feedback thats all trending in the right direction?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. As far as we can tell we have to Mike [indiscernible] certainly has that as a key growth driver in his comments and I know they committed a lot of resources to launch the product in the European sector in a very limited way the goal is not only from the accuracy that which is exclusive, we are down laboratory reference accuracy with the sensor technology. But there is other factor that they believe is important and that is changing behavior in the ICU to allow to be more functional by the nursing staff and the ICU staff and thats what theyre trying to look at behavior modifications or the intensive anesthesiologist and how stacking and how they use it in an effective way, because it is quite a change for the behavior in that environment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: And we have Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Swann in line of the question. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Thanks, so much. Good afternoon guys and congrats on another great quarter, I just wanted to touch on the full-year guidance a little bit appreciating sort of the numbers that you gave but could you talk a little bit about in more detail about the variables driving the fact that youre not sort of raising guidance when the numbers you provided would sort of imply a $10 million beat on the top line for the product revenue. So I guess whats keeping you from just going out and raising the guidance is it just conservatism against the Medtronic launch now were already sort of six weeks in I guess so could you give a little bit more color about your thinking there?
Kevin Sayer: This is a conservatism against the Medtronic launch this is just a look at our business and where we are and what we would anticipate for the fourth quarter. We typically in the past have never upgraded our year-end guidance in the fourth quarter and were going to stick with that policy because we do upgrade it specifically then we end up changing that year-end guidance and we dont feel the need to do that, we feel weve given you enough of a frame and enough information to figure out where we think our numbers will be in thats where we are.
Terrance H. Gregg: And the other impact not just we were transparent but if we gave you Q4 year outlook, Q1 2014 and thats not what we want to do, we dont want to give quarterly guidance.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Okay, got it thank you. And then as far as the Medronic launch does go a good number of your sensor wearers are Medtronic pump users. What are you seeing  and I actually not sure if you would disclose that number. If you could give us that number, but what are you seeing of those patients are you still managing to hold on to those patients are you seeing some of those patients switch over to Medtronic because Medtronic sometimes automatically upgrades patients I know, so not sure how that is playing out.
Terrance H. Gregg:  Well I mean I will tell you, its been too early on their launch to really good optics on what its going to turn out to be that is why in Kevins comment, two to three quarters, you cant come up building a standpoint got some issues to the individual component parts, transmitters and so forth that our patients have already been reimbursed for. So Medtronic has built for some of those things. I think its a very complicated scenario and I would expect that even in those that have upgraded and get to their own competitive analysis between the G4 PLATINUM and then light sensor, I worry less about the attrition of those based on few but weve received as I mentioned I get screenshots from patients making their own comparison and I think we will see more and more of that. So Im not as concerned I believe as maybe some others are.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann:  Okay thanks. Okay thanks so much.
Operator: And we have [indiscernible] of Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys congrats on the triple digit quarter for an acquisition just going back to the J&J integrated launches, can you guys just speak around some color of how you guys see those two partners kind of supporting the launch whether they will be going after kind of their new patients versus converting their existing patient base and just kind of some color would be helpful?
Terrance H. Gregg: Yes, Steve I cant speak with specifics for Tandem because we havent frankly, I havent talked to the Tandem business folks as to their specific launch plans but absolutely with Animas and with the Vibe product, their expectation is to go straight after the Medtronic installed base, I mean look it is not that the vast majority of pump patients in the U.S. were Medtronic pump, they probably have 65 plus percent market share. So every year the number of pumps sold in the U.S. is probably I would mentioned we have got those more pumps sold through to existing patients than our new patients through pump therapy. So the lowest of the low hanging fruit is the patient who has already chosen to wear a pump but has just moved in just part of the upgrade cycle. So absolutely that will the Animas primary target then I know my guess is that Tandem will probably do the same, we have heard business publicly shared from Tandem that they have done a nice job in adding the patients they have added to-date in converting Medtronic patients. So I assume the Tandem would probably take the same approach.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that is really helpful and then just on pediatrics, can you guys just provide me color down how you kind of do that coming onboard and how quickly  next year you do the comment?
Terrance H. Gregg: Well again we continue to have discussions with the FDA the discussion center or labeling of products specifically for pediatric patients and they are requiring specific pediatric patent offering and a specific period patient product offering. We are discussing those features with the agency and coming to where they want us to be as far as how that comes on Board again I go back to our past history, we announced G4 PLATINUM I believe on October 7 to 8 last year and were shipping October 20, we expect the same from our team here again and then once it comes onboard we can directly market to the pediatric endocrinologists and we believe over time that segment of our patient base will grow up from 8% to 10% than it is now three more reflective of the general diabetes population in the 20% and 30% range. So its a wonderful growth opportunity for us and with our accuracy of our product, with the connectivity and convenience in the communications feature we are about to offer we think its a wonderful area for us to go.
Unidentified Analyst: Great and then last one from me in terms of that the share product have you guys given or could you guys provide some color around how you expect the price that will be like a monthly, quarterly or how you guys are looking at that?
Terrance H. Gregg: To start with were going to  we have got some pricing models build, I rather or not disclosed now I need what my marketing team figure the way through that I can tell you our goal in this product is not to launch a product that people look at and go on, I cant afford that, we want people to buy this and use it and buy more sensors, so it will be very economically feasible for the patients it will add some to our bottom line but ultimately our goal here is to sell more sensors and thats what were choosing for.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks and congrats again.
Operator: And we have Jason Bedford from Raymond James in line with the question. Please go ahead.
Jason Bedford  Raymond James: Good afternoon thanks fort squeezing me in. Ill be quick here but you mentioned increased retention is kind of one of the factors in the growth here is there any way to quantify the improvement in retention meaning is 5% or 10% higher than what you were seeing with SEVEN PLUS?
Terrance H. Gregg: Weve never given a retention or attrition percentage in detail to anybody, its a lot better obviously when it had, it is a very significant improvement overall settle it for it.
Jason Bedford  Raymond James: Okay, internationally I think you talked in the past about adding 10 new countries I guess I realized its a small piece of the pie right now but are you seeing any contribution from these new countries there the growth that youre seeing from kind of countries youre already selling into?
Terrance H. Gregg: Lots of the growth this year has been in our core countries as the news countries come on board they will slow, but we are making progress in adding those 10 new countries by the end of the year we are confident well approved in pretty much once we look to add and then we would expect those to account for decent piece of our international revenues next year. So we will finish that up. Every country is important and every one of these add is important to us total, we will build that business over time, so our team is doing exactly what we asked so.
Jason Bedford  Raymond James: Okay. And then just lastly on gross margin, I may have missed out but did you say that gross margin on the G4 PLATINUM sensor was 70% to 75% in the quarter?
Terrance H. Gregg: I said that its always been our target and then one can do is looking at 65% overall margins with the hardware and sensor mixed that were there well with in that target range.
Jason Bedford  Raymond James: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And we have Jan Walsh from Benchmark  in the question. Please go ahead.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: Good afternoon everyone and congratulation on the quarter it is exceptional. I just have a couple of quick questions most of the questions that I had were answered but one is just to make sure on the share submission the questions you are getting are benign right there is nothing untold or getting in a way of a smooth answer and response.
Terrance H. Gregg: We dont see anything is major, but we also never see anything from the agency as benign either. So were giving them due diligence. They didnt ask us anything we cant answer. How is that?
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: Thats a good answer. I guess another question I had is, are there any updates on the clinical studies you have ongoing or planned? They seem to be important to your marketing strategy and Im just wondering where they are?
Terrance H. Gregg: Were going to give more color on that next year, once few things get rolling. I think were in a phase. In the fourth quarter, were running some pilot studies. Were doing a lot of trial design and consultation. I think next year as we go forward, youll hear a lot more on these studies. But right now its a little early to tell you anything.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: Okay. And just in terms of your sales force, you have 90 reps now, you had a 20.
Terrance H. Gregg: No.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: How do we see the
Kevin Sayer: No, well have  when we get
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: When we had 20 or 90?
Kevin Sayer: Yeah.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: Okay, sorry. How do you see the sales force growing over the next couple of years? Are you there and ready with the leverage or a lot more territories and lot more leverage opportunities even if you had?
Terrance H. Gregg: Well, as pointed out earlier, these guys were putting leverage this quarter as we didnt add any bodies that are up 24% when comparing to the quarter before. I think were getting more leverage out of this group all the time particularly as we continue again to some more sensors. But I also dont see it stopping or expansion either. There will be at some point in time, well get to the right mix and more of the like would be done. But the time is not now, its certainly not next year and we probably dont see it being through 2016. We think we can continue to grow. And internationally we use distributors everywhere. Weve got a pretty small effective international step right now. There is investments to be made in that area as well.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: So if youre thinking about the sales force additions over time, we should just kind of considered what youre doing now as what we should see over the next year to two years?
Terrance H. Gregg: As we look at our spending and its a good question. We spend a whole bunch of years before, 2010 investing a whole bunch and trying to give product developed and product right. And what were doing right now to a large extent, even though we continue to spend on a product front. Its now time for the commercial side of our business to catch up, not only youre going to see continued investment in the sales force as we grow it. But we had become a marketing company due and there will be not only investing in sales. But you asked about the clinical studies. Weve never run a clinical study other than the product approvals. We got to do things that support the value and again support our fundament beliefs as CGM is the most important technology in diabetes. And its the most important thing for anybody will take so independent diabetes to manage their condition. And so some of those studies were going to do, its different than what weve done before. Weve done a best on things like than addition to salespeople. So as you look at where we grow our dollar spending wise, we will more than likely grow dollars as much of not more on the commercial side then we will be others over the next few years, while we get to kind of an equilibrium and then well see where we are after that.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: Well, and that goes back to previous discussion. I think where you were talking growing the top line, but also recognizing now that you going to have to return some earnings sooner than later, probably by 2015. So I guess this going to affect, which going to be able to add to the bottom line. How do you see that going in the next year to two years?
Kevin Sayer: I see that just being its a bouncing act and weve got some great people here to manage it, and you know Jerry and I have bee through this a few times before as I have many of the people on this team and we any project we take on, we look at the payback, we look at the return, and we sometimes learned to say no. We do.
Jan Walsh  Benchmark: All right, well thank you very much and again congratulations on the quarter.
Kevin Sayer: You bet.
Operator: And we have Raj Denhoy from Jefferies in line with the question. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: Hi good afternoon, Im just curious about some of the trends we are seeing with the launch of the G4 and things like higher sensor utilization, the low attrition rates and then curious how that compares back to the experience in the launch of the SEVEN PLUS and in particular is there a concern that some of those very robust trends may slow as patients get more experience with the device or it move beyond kind of initial, mid initial launch here?
Kevin Sayer: You know I will speak. I think its exactly the opposite, sensor satisfaction and satisfaction with the product I guess is determined very quickly and patients find this product reliable, informative had a tool to manage their lives if they are happy they stay on. And so early usage is probably the more important indicator versus long-term with something like CGM or pumps or anything like that and so in this case the early history of the Gen4 launch where it has performance better than SEVEN PLUS did in the beginning. With retention sensor realization and those trends is truly a positive trend for us. I dont know Terry if you have anything?
Terrance H. Gregg: I agree with Kevin as were getting moving beyond the early adopters, so means we are also on CGM 1 with physicians and patients coming in nave to technology and its becoming a part of the fabric of their diabetes armamentarium, so they dont know any different and that fact that theyve never been on CGM and the first one they go on G4 extremely happy if they have been on SEVEN PLUS and theyve moved to G4 theyre even happier because they have a benchmark for which to compare as they have been on anybody elses sensor then they are even happier to come to G4 because they have yet another wonderful experience. All of that goes to reduction of attrition and continued use on a more sensors per month basis were seeing. So I dont think any headwinds associated with that quite the contrary.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: The trends you are seeing are being experienced in both the brand new patients but in also the upgrade patients in terms of these metrics?
Terrance H. Gregg: I dont think we have [indiscernible] answer that adequately to say absolutely and then comments that we have from the metrics are overall we havent dug down into see which patients are using the sensors more frequently and nave patients are muted Gen4 versus SEVEN PLUS upgrade. We dont have that data.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have Hugh Littman from Oppenheimer online with the question. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys its [indiscernible] for Steve. Can you hear me okay.
Terrance H. Gregg:  Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for squeezing me and just quickly on the Tandem PMA filing can you elaborate on the type of validation testing that is being done in generally how long do you think this testing would take?
Terrance H. Gregg: No I cant give any more specifics other than we talked previously about talk about this Tandem and Animas remember the moving from 510K environment to a PMA environment and the level of systems testing required of a PMA company versus a 510K is substantially greater. So there is just a lot of work to do and I think both unanimous previously and December on tandem probably under estimates the magnitude of the work that has to be done in order to complete an adequate PMA to submit to the FDA. So I can go to the specifics of the detail that has to be embraced lets just say they are very attentive and we were hopped on, on everywhere we can to get to the following deficit as possible.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fair enough and Terry can you talk a little more about the opportunity for G4 and professional use I mean how much more of an opportunity is G4 versus SEVEN PLUS in this professional U.S. market?
Terrance H. Gregg: Well, I think there is a tremendous opportunity for G4 and professional use physicians enjoy the opportunity to put patients on the sensor we have the opportunity to do it either on a blinded or unblinded manner we prefer unblinded I think the majority of and College of Physicians today use the unblinded way as a preference because that allows both the physician and the patient to experience the levels of glycemic variability and a get better understanding and I would remind physicians who want to have such control that they only see their patients at best four times a year. And so the patient has left to be responsible for their own diabetes the 361 days here if they dont see a physician and so its better to have more information than less information with the health and education from the healthcare professional but having that technology available to them will enable them to get more patients start who may in fact be hesitant to go on CGM and this is kind of causes crossing the cross threshold and realize how valuable the information as they migrate into their own personal system.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thanks for the color.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Terry Gregg.
Terrance H. Gregg: Thank you and thanks for joining us. Obviously, this was as I think one of you maybe Bill Plovanic allow. We agree Bill love. So weve been everything we said we were going to do and then some. This technology is the most exquisite and the management team is the best that Ive ever been associated with and I my last team was pretty good. We know we are being chased by others who want to be the lead doc because if you are not the lead doc the view never changes well those who chase us should perdue or flatten my accuracy for example weve already said our sights and are busily engaged in therapeutic accuracy followed by reduced or factory calibrated sensors. So to the $350 million people with diabetes today help is on the way and it will have a DexCom label. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - CEO Steve Pacelli - EVP, Strategy & Corporate Development Kevin Sayer - President & COO Jess Roper - CFO
Analysts: Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Ben Andrew - William Blair Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann Jason Bedford - Raymond James Rosemary Liu - Oppenheimer Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Richard and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you, Richard and thanks to the audience for joining us today for our second quarter 2013 investor conference call. I'm going to have Steve Pacelli read our Safe Harbor statement. Steve?
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports as filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating loss. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Well joining me today is Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. Before I turn the call over to Kevin for a customary financial review and operations update, I'd like to comment briefly on our Q2 performance, and a couple of exciting, operating milestones reached during the quarter. Obviously the commercial introduction of G4 Platinum continues to exceed our expectations. Our pipeline of new patient opportunities remains very robust and our sensory orders are stronger than ever. Our financial results speak for themselves. During the second quarter, we achieved record sales, record margins, and our best operating results ever. From an operations perspective, I'm pleased to report that in late July, we filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration seeking approval of our DexCom Share System, a remote monitoring system developed to address the unique challenges faced by caregivers in assisting people with type I diabetes. As a reminder, the DexCom Share System is a docking station for the G4 Platinum receiver, which enables wireless transmission of glucose information such as the patient's trend graph and alert notifications from the G4 Platinum to designated recipients, allowing the recipient to view the patient's data on their smartphone. We view DexCom Share as the first of many steps in bringing CGM to mobile devices and couldn't be more excited about this opportunity. We are also pleased to announce that just last week we were awarded a $4 million grant from The Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust to accelerate the development of our Gen6 sensor technology. A goal of the Helmsley Charitable Trust is to advance the accuracy and reliability of CGM devices and develop artificial pancreas systems for people with type I diabetes. The funding is milestone based and is contingent on our meeting specific development milestones over the next several years. The grant has been structured to allow the trust to recoup and redeploy a portion of any eventual proceeds from the successful commercialization of the Gen6 sensor. To that end, we have agreed with the trust that on successful commercialization of our Gen6 sensor in the U.S., we will pay a royalty of up to $2 million per year for four years or at our option a one-time payment of $6 million. We are extremely excited to engage in this collaboration, as it provides us with the opportunity to accelerate the development of more accurate, effective sensor technologies, to improve the outcomes and quality of life of people with diabetes. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin for a financial and operational update.
Kevin Sayer:  Thanks, Terry. I'll start with the financial update. DexCom generated $35.5 million in product revenue for the second quarter of 2013, compared to $21.5 million for the same quarter in 2012, a $14 million or 65% increase. Sequentially, product revenue for Q2 of 2013 increased 28% from the prior quarter. We know that in the second quarter, we recognized approximately $1.3 million in higher than expected revenue attributed to royalties from sales of Animas 5 system in Europe and revenues related to our first product sales of GlucoClear sensors to Edwards Lifesciences. We do not expect this level of Animas royalty or GlucoClear sensor sales in subsequent 2013 quarters. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2013 was $35.8 million, compared to $23.4 million during the same quarter in 2012. Our product gross profit totaled $21.8 million, generating a product gross margin of 61% for the second quarter, compared to product gross profit of $10.6 million, and a product gross margin of 49% for the same quarter in the prior year. Some final thoughts on our product revenues and our gross profits during Q2. Our split between consumable and durable revenues was again slightly more heavily weighted to durables in Q2, due primarily to existing patients upgraded to the G4 Platinum, with approximately 30% of our product revenues generated by sales of G4 Platinum hardware, and approximately 70% generated by the sales of sensors, primarily G4 Platinum. ASP for sensors has stayed consistent at approximately $70 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware continued at approximately $800 to $850 for starter kit. Our international business performed very well remaining consistent in Q2 and continues to represent between 5% and 10% of our total product revenue. Research and development expense totaled $11.1 million for Q2 of 2013, which was up by $1.1 million compared to 2Q of 2012, with the increase due primarily to additional payroll related cost, completion of our work on DexCom Share, and other near term product launches. Sequentially, R&D expense was up 19% with the increase related to the same factors. We expect that R&D expense for the full year will be slightly up versus 2012. Selling, general administrative expense totaled $20.7 million in Q2 of 2013, compared to $15.9 million during the same quarter in 2012. Of the $4.8 million increase, $900,000 is non-cash share-based compensation. The remaining increase was primarily related to expanded head count in our sales organization and other growth related expenses. We will always consider adjusting our spending to take advantage of strategic development opportunities. Couple of examples, one important opportunity for us is clinical data. It has become obvious to us that we need more clinical data and we are nearly planning phases for studies that we believe will unequivocally support our position of CGM first from both the clinical and an economic perspective. Another important opportunity is advanced technology development. As Terry mentioned in his introductory remarks, we are very pleased to be working with the Helmsley Charitable Trust to accelerate development on our Gen6 sensor. With the $4 million Helmsley grant, we will increase our internal spend on the Gen6 project, as well in order to accelerate commercialization of this transformative technology. To paraphrase commentary by a member of senior management from another diabetes company during a recent presentation at a conference, the recent DexCom sensors are so good as that sensors are the only thing they do. We couldn't agree more and we intend to retain our position as the leader in sensor technology. Our net loss for the second quarter of 2013 totaled $10.1 million, and included $9 million in non-cash expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation, and amortization. Absent these charges, our net loss would have been $11.1 million for Q2, 2013, compare this to a net loss of $7.6 million for Q2, 2012. In other words the $14 million increase in 2Q sale year-over-year, $6.5 million or close to 50% is dropped through to our cash phase financial results. Our business model continues to mature very nicely. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.14. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with $4.6 million in cash and marketable securities, an increase of $1.1 million from the end of Q1, 2013. We note that we received $2.3 million in proceeds related to the exercised employee stock options during the quarter slightly higher than in previous quarters. We also had a very strong quarter in terms of working capital performance. Our DSOs were less than 45 days, and inventory levels are approximately the same as they were at the end of Q2, 2012, all this during a period of 65% growth with no periods of product backorder. One last balance sheet note. Last year, we entered into a term loan and a revolving line of credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank and other terms of the original agreement. We will require to draw the remaining $13 million under the term loan during a three month window commencing June 1st, 2013. Silicon Valley Bank has agreed to move our drawdown window to the three month period commencing January 1st, 2014. The combination of cash available under the term loan, and under our receivables based line of credit, offer the company approximately $28 million in additional available capital. With approximately $40 million in cash on hand at the end of Q2, our debt availability, and most importantly our operating performance improvements for the first half of 2013, we remain very comfortable with our commitment not to raise additional equity funds in the near term. Finally we'll take the opportunity to update our product revenue guidance for 2013 from a range of $120 million to $130 million, to an expected range of $130 million to $140 million. I note that, consistent with our prior practices in issuing product revenue guidance we will target the midpoint of our range. I also note that historically sequential product revenue growth from the second to third quarter is much more modest than the sequential growth from the first to the second quarter, rarely exceeding 10% Now, for the business update, because we mentioned during our previous earnings call, during Q1 we filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration seeking a pediatric indication for the G4 Platinum. With respect to our U.S. pediatric submission similar to our previous filings, we continue to have a regular open dialogue with the FDA. At this point, our discussions with the FDA for the pediatric indication sensor on appropriate labeling of the product specifically for children. By way of background, we performed the clinical study requested by the FDA for the indicated use in patients ranging from 2 to 17 years of age. Due to the wide age range of these patients the pediatric study was not designed or powered to produce data comparable to our adult G4 Platinum clinical study. While the FDA has indicated that the study we performed includes enough data for approval, due to labeling nuances we believe that we will be required to create a separate pediatric product offering with labeling specific to children. We will be prepared to launch this product at the soonest possible date and remain hopeful that we'll receive approval prior to year-end. We remain extremely excited about the prospects of the pediatric indications, as it not only significantly expands the number of endocrinologists we can call on in the U.S., we expect to be able to recommend this product to a wide range of patients all the way down to two years of age. We continue to make progress with respect to our reimbursement and distribution model, and have had two significant wins since our last conference call. First, we have been awarded a position on Express Scripts National Preferred Prescription Drug Formulary. DexCom is the only CGM on this formulary. The contract will allow us to offer DexCom CGM as a pharmacy benefit to all ESI plans. Over 40% of prescriptions filled in the United States are processed through Express Scripts and payors who process through Express Scripts will now have the opportunity to treat DexCom CGM as a pharmacy benefit enabling them to better track utilization outcomes and costs. While we don't expect an immediate impact to our business, overtime this relationship has the potential to increase accessibility of CGM to more patients in the diabetes community, and create a much more efficient distribution model for DexCom. Second, we are pleased to report that Humana a payer covering approximately 6.7 million lives has expanded their existing CGM policy to include coverage for all insulin using type 2 patients. As we stated many times in our prior calls over 98% of type 1 patients with private insurance have access to CGM, with much more limited coverage for type 2 patients. So, we are very pleased to see Humana's leadership in opening up CGM access to such an important patient group. Turning to our future CGM product offerings, we remain focused on replacing finger sticks as our primary long-term objective. In the near term to achieve that goal we will focus on four things, improve sensor performance, patient convenience, expanded connectivity, and cost improvement. DexCom Share is the first step in what will be a number of innovative steps accumulating on what we call our Gen5 system. Gen5 is actually a series of system innovations that will include a new transmitter, new applicator, mobile platform user interface, combined with continued algorithm evolution. We are not currently planning any changes to the sensor and related membranes for Gen5. We expect this Gen5 system will be rolled out in several stages over the next two years. As Terry mentioned in his opening remarks, with the funding from the Helmsley Charitable Trust we will also accelerate our work on the Gen6 system. The primary goal with Gen6 is to achieve labeling as a replacement for finger sticks and we will do this primarily through enhanced membrane and algorithm development. Shifting to our integration partnerships, as mentioned during our last conference call, Animas has filed a PMA with the FDA seeking approval of the Animas 5 system in the U.S. Animas very recently received written questions from the FDA regarding the Vibe and the Animas regulatory team is currently in the process of evaluating those questions and formulating a response. We continue to work diligently with Tandem Diabetes Care to incorporate the G4 Platinum into the next generation version of Tandem's GSwim and we remain on track to assist Tandem in filing a PMA with the Food and Drug Administration before the end of this year. I would now like to turn the call back over to Terry for some concluding remarks.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. Well the second quarter was obviously a great quarter for DexCom. We continue to execute on all aspects of our business and our message of CGM first is resonating well beyond the endocrinology specialists, as we routinely see prescriptions for the G4 Platinum system from primary care physicians. We've been referred to in the past as a one product company, but you can see from our discussion today, the Intel Inside philosophy is on the cusp of reaping huge benefits from our own internal programs and products as well as our partnerships. I would like to acknowledge the hard work of our DexCom team, who all worked tirelessly to grow this category each and every day and bring us another step closer to establishing DexCom CGM as the standard of care for all people with diabetes. Our future remains very, very bright. And with that, I'll turn it over for question-and-answers.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question on line comes from Mr. Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: I guess the patients like Gen4.
Terry Gregg: Yeah.
Steve Pacelli: Yeah.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: So what's next, what's next is may be pediatric may be Share questions on both. On Share help us handicap what you're looking for from the FDA. I'm assuming no claims but this is just a broadcast of information through another medium and there isn't really anything there to do except check accuracy of that transfer is that close?
Terry Gregg: Tom, we very deliberately structured the Share product to make sure that the receiver remains the primary medical device, and the phone is a secondary, and display on the receiver, so that's exactly as you described it. We did some rather large filing that shows we did all the validation and verification of the software necessary to make sure that signal gets through it and is pushed through on a timely basis and warnings and what they claim to be. The alarms on our Share system the people you share your signal with, can set their own alarms. They don't have to follow the alarms on the receiver. So, we've to show that all of those features work. But we took this as a very deliberate step so we can get something that we can approve a basic infrastructure that we can use in all our future product offerings hereafter.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And then, okay --
Terry Gregg: Go ahead, Tom.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Yeah on pediatric I think I get this but is, in my view a separate product would be a different package may be with a fixture of a kit on it and different insert but the actual sensor and receiver would be essentially the same is that right?
Terry Gregg: It will certainly be the same hardware. The final product configuration of packaging and IFU, and all those things are still in the middle of being determined.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Right but you don't have to have separate warning, the seller part?
Terry Gregg: No, no separate manufacturing line at all no.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And then last question and that is I assume you're in Philadelphia can you tell us any local color as far as AADE and how the educators were looking at the products?
Terry Gregg: We're in San Diego today. Our Philadelphia team has told us that we again receive the same response on G4 Platinum is what we're receiving from the investors on this call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question online comes from Mr. Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Great. Thanks. Good evening. Can you hear me okay?
Terry Gregg: Yeah, fine Bill.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Congratulations on a phenomenal quarter. I'm not allowed to ask. I'm just going to try to drill down a little. You mentioned a couple of things one that your durable consumable mix was 70, it was 30/40 with obviously the durable much whether you're at 30 or above 30. And then, when you give that, I'm sorry go ahead.
Steve Pacelli: It's in the -- it's 30% durable, 70% disposables.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then do you include that $1.3 million that you picked up from Edwards and international in that number?
Steve Pacelli: Its Edwards came from the royalties and no that's not in our, but it's in product revenues thats not in that 70/30 mix that would be a separate calculation.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And I know, I'm splitting revenues here, but is there any upgrade revenues in the quarter anything I know you've kind of picked some up over the last couple of quarters if I'm curious if that contributed?
Steve Pacelli: We were talking about that before we met. Our upgrade percentages is a percentage of hardware sales is probably around a third or close to that, that number has come down steadily since the fourth quarter of last year. That number and where we're today is really not a whole lot different than what we used to have for SEVEN PLUS. So, business remains pretty consistent as far as new patients versus upgraded. And I also understand Bill my data is a bit limited because if somebody bought their first receiver from a distributor and their second receiver from us or vice versa we don't have everything but those are our approximations as we sit here today.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And given that the total revenues were up the 65% year-over-year. Can you we assume that what's your new patients were at year-over-year. I think that's and that's what I'm trying to get at because I mean all the four awarded model is built on the new patients and if your new patients were up 65% I think that's well passed expectations. So, I'm just trying to get a mix between that and kind of what might have been utilization creeping backup or any of that and that's really what I'm trying to get at? Thanks.
Terry Gregg: You know what Bill I think it's a combination of all of it. Sensory utilization is clearly up. Based on our internal metrics, what we're seeing is patients are buying and using more sensors both existing patients and new patients as they signup. New patient growth is good. But when you look at the dollar growth in the models 70%, 30% so the sensor numbers are pretty staggering even if we add a bunch of new patients. So, it's really a combination of both.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: I want to talk a little bit about the Express Scripts relationship Terry first over what timeframe do you think that starts to move the needle in terms of patient access if it's not a near term event?
Terry Gregg: Well I think it's going to take at least another 18 to 24 months as other payor systems look at that and begin to have opportunities to utilize the Express Scripts. Our number one priority from a managed care going forward has been to move the disposal, at least the disposable component into the pharmacy benefit out of DME. There is a lot of benefit on both sides of the equation, transactional costs so on and so forth, from a patient standpoint greater access. I think it just takes time. These organizations tend to be built in silos and so each one DME silo, pharmacy benefit silo have to be addressed. But this is the first time that we can begin to move the needle in that but it's -- it's not going to happen overnight.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And I've got kind of mismatch the questions but the Helmsley grant maybe that's a question may be more for Jess but is that really an offset to the expense, which is why you took this on other than $4 billion bucks is $4 billion bucks. But you don't really need the money per se unless it helps you to offset it on the P&L is that fair?
Jess Roper: Well there is a business reason, which Terry can go into or Kevin but really in terms of the accounting for it, it's not a collaboration agreement like in Edwards, where we would record development grant revenue and then the expense it would be a net offset to the P&L. So, as we get milestone payments let's say $1 million, we put down in the balance sheet as liability and we would offset the current period R&D expense just related to the work as its outlined in the agreement. For this year, we would expect basically the P&L would be offset, it would be neutral.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And then Terry, what's the business reason if you would, may be detail your thoughts on that?
Terry Gregg: Well sure. We, our goal is to get profitable. And so we've had this Gen6 technology as part of our long-term expectation in an R&D pipeline. We chatted obviously in numerous times with the Helmsley Charitable Trust. They have seen what we've been able to do with Gen4 Platinum in the AP programs, which I'll tell you although regulatorily our labeling says our MARD or in absolute relative difference is 13.2% in the well we're seeing reports of some 11% MARD with the G4 Platinum today. Obviously they see that. They are very tuned to that. When we recognize what we can do with the Gen6, they came to us and asked us what they could do to help us accelerate that in our project schedule. They analyzed the $4 million grant to put a dedicated team focused on accelerating that development of that new sensor technology.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And then started change gears yet again but on the PED side I mean, it's kind of a six month delay in terms of expectations on the approval if it's really a labeling issue and packaging is that really the lead time for you all to prepare that the packaging as well as the insert or is there something else FDA wants that sort of dragging this process out?
Terry Gregg: Well first of all it's not a six month delay. We've always said that it was at the very least 180 day review, which will sell within that timeframe, since we submitted it. So, I at least characterize it appropriately. From the standpoint, right now look at the landscape of diabetes, and I would just from a FDA is doing everything in their power to ensure that products produced across the spectrum of diabetes be it a pumps everybody is pretty much had a pump recall the glucose monitoring all the meter companies they have had some degree of recall. So you can understand there is heightened scrutiny from the FDA on to ensure because people are making life decisions based on some of this technology. I think therefore heightened sensors part of this. We get the pivotal trial in adults and we were able to have patients come back for an extended period of time on three different days and we actually decreased their level of glucose by giving them insulin we can't do that with the two year old. And so the study really is fundamentally different and although we would like to have everything matchup from two years of age beyond all the way into adults, we've got a segment fees into different buckets. And I think that's where the discussion comes in and it really gets down that was in the details obviously but how you look at alert charts and various things and labeling that are very, very distinct. But we're both sides are trying to understand and of course we look at even site-to-site differences in the clinical trial and all of that just have to be gone through. I think Kevin outlined the critical point that we certainly don't need to do anymore clinical trial work it's now about how we characterize the results and put it in a proper format for an instructions for use as part of the package.
Jess Roper: And Ben, just from a historical perspective, we got planning approval on the Gen4 Platinum labeling October 5th of last year and we're shipping October 21. We will be ready.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. All right so I mean you would file the PMA supplement on PEDs was it in February you're saying?
Jess Roper: We didn't identify the actual month but it was towards the end of the quarter.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: I thought I had it my head a little bit earlier in Q1. Okay. And then finally, the Edwards and the Animas royalties can, may be detail a little bit more what exactly that was coming out of Animas and why this won't occur but may be just give us a little bit more flavor on that?
Kevin Sayer: No, well we basically been what we said as we had about $1.3 million -- we had $1.3 million more than we expect to recur in future period. So as you look at the total product revenue for the quarter, and as you guys try and model going forward there are some recurring revenues that we don't expect to come back. There is a base level of Animas royalty revenues that we received the number we can't disclose due to our relationship with Animas and our number was far beyond the base and you combine that with the sensors that we sold to Edwards and those are numbers we wouldn't want you guys to build into your models going forward that's why we gave you that number.
Terry Gregg: Yeah and let me just give the little bit of color on the Edwards they as Mike has said from the Edwards side, they initiated this early market introduction of the GlucoClear product so they need a product in order to do that, but that's part of a clinical experience as they introduced this in limited fashion in Europe and they will continue to enroll these patients through the end of this year and then look for a more formal launch in 2014. So that's not going to be a repetitive type of build and use for the remainder of the next two quarters.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Mr. Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann: Hi, good afternoon guys, can you hear me okay?
Terry Gregg: We can.
Steve Pacelli: Absolutely.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann: Okay, great, congrats on a very awesome quarter, well done. And I just wanted to talk about what changed this quarter versus last but you had stronger past quarter but the quarter -- the growth this quarter was phenomenal I'm just wondering if you could give some color on where the growth is coming from, are you getting into new vendors prescribing the size, is it just existing your patients wearing more sensors per month, can you give a little bit of the breakdown on where the growth acceleration is coming from?
Terry Gregg: Well Danielle let's start with the physicians. It's a combination of everything, we monitor our high priced -- high prescribing physicians on a regular basis and what we would consider high prescriber this year we'll have more than twofold this year than we had last year. There are physicians who have really adopted Gen4 and our CGM first philosophy with their patients. So we got more high prescribers but that isn't where it stops. There are many thousand of physicians and healthcare professionals who prescribed G4 Platinum systems so we're seeing a broader usage as well in the physician community which means where you've got somebody who is prescribing a G4 Platinum for the first time, chances are some patients heard through word of mouth that we have to have this and they go and ask for and they get it. With respect to patient numbers, every of piece of it is growing and we're getting all the percentage of upgrade versus new patient is a little higher but not tremendously higher than it's been in the past. We're getting hardware revenue from both segments new patients and patients who upgrade and we're getting more sensory utilization from everybody. Our internal statistics would show that we've a much greater base of patients, who are wearing these things 24X7 and not taking them off and that's where we've always wanted the model to go, so accuracy matters, and people trust this product and they use it to manage their life. So, the growth is occurring in every single piece of the business internationally I didn't say it on the call. Internationally well still 5% to 10% of our revenues our international business doubled this quarter.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann: So, it's really, it's really not bigger.
Terry Gregg: Very broad base.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann: And then I was hoping Jess actually you could help us with 2014 a little bit tougher comps obviously year-over-year but hopefully has pediatric in the IMS side. How do you think about 2014 growth and that's it from me? Thanks so much.
Jess Roper: We've been pretty consistent so that Steve and Terry smile at me. We've been pretty consistent over time saying it's our goal to grow this business 40% a year. And if we grow 40% a year we double every two years and there is a certain amount of growth of business is getting handled in a very efficient manner. We expect to stick with our plans from compounded 40% annual growth with Animas and PEDs next year possibly the Tandem approval with the Tandem filing late this year. With a Share approval next year we see many opportunities to achieve that growth in 2014, and keep going, and then and move on from there. So, 40% target internal number and we're going to stick to that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question on line comes from Mr. Jason Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jason Bedford - Raymond James: Just a few here. In terms of the new reps added or converted earlier this year where are they in terms of productivity meaning are they 60%, 70% of the more tenured rep and I guess when will they be at parity?
Terry Gregg: Well some of them were actually in our top 10 reps so. They're all throughout the Board. I think if you looked at our rep rankings you wouldn't be able to just pick out the new ones in any of the quartiles either spread all the way throughout. A lot of them had incredible success. We hired some very, very good people and we believe they are getting up to speed and growing their businesses very well. But there are certain territories where only new reps are just blowing it out and some of those are our internal people, who we converted from our educational specialist to be sales reps. They've done a phenomenal job so they're all doing very well.
Jason Bedford  Raymond James: And the incentive for the or the focus for these reps is it getting more in those on board here and just going wider or is it more deeper into existing accounts?
Kevin Sayer: Our reps today are compensated on the kits they place with patients and they are selling on hitting quarters of kits they place and it's up to them to develop their territory in a way to place the most possible kits. And what we've seen from the reps is largely what I described earlier we've seen many of them get deeper into some very good practices. We've also seen a broad smattering of more prescriptions as well by people, who are not prescribed earlier. So, their incentive to place kits and they manage the territories and we track them very closely.
Terry Gregg: I think the key metric is if we look at what we call champions and these are prescribing physicians, who hit a certain threshold I won't tell you what the threshold is but its significant. If we look at the number this year in contrast and this is just through the first six months of the year in contrast to all of last year the number of champions already reaching the goal is probably three or four times greater this year than last year. So, they are obviously going deeper within the accounts that they currently call. And I think the other interesting statistic and Kevin mentioned it in terms of going outside of endocrinology I would tell you that the total number of prescribers in the first six months are --there is about 3,000 active clinical endocrinologists that actually see patients on a daily or weekly basis in the United States. The number of physicians that actually prescribe product of CGM DexCom G4 in the first half of this year was closer to 6,000 total prescribers and some of those are nurse practitioners or physicians assistance that have the right and the license to prescribe. But obviously more than a handful are also either internal medicine, primary care, general type physician. So, we are seeing that expansion now obviously they are not at the champion level or anywhere close but they are being introduced to the product, which we believe is they are being introduced by patients certainly not by our sales force.
Jason Bedford  Raymond James: Terry you mentioned that 6,000 number do you have any idea of what that number was last year?
Terry Gregg: I'd say that number was probably not even close to half of that.
Jason Bedford - Raymond James: In terms of the new algorithm what's the timing on filing the supplement for that?
Terry Gregg: We're working on that as we speak. Our primary goal with the FDA is to get our PED labeling strained out and get that product out as soon as possible. Pediatric indication for the new algorithm weighs directly into any clinical study we have to do for it. So, we're going to sequentially take these steps to execute our plan in a most efficient order possible. So we're kind of waiting on that for right now.
Jason Bedford - Raymond James: Just last one from me and then I'll let someone else have a shot. You mentioned doing more studies earlier in the call what do you have in the work so these are more comparative versus other products out there these economic studies what do you think you need to produce here to keep this growth up?
Terry Gregg: Sure. I think the most compelling study that we've before outside of those that are required for regulatory submission. So, one in particular and we've been very, very successful with CGM first changing behavior patterns of physicians, who naturally migrate to some other technology first so. But based on that what we really want to do is a combination of both the role of CGM and economic component to it and using CGM first and be it with injection therapy, which still represents about 70% of the population in the U.S. that receive insulin through cell through injections versus pump. And we think that CGM first with injections can be a very effective tool and both from a clinical outcome standpoint obviously there has never been any study to demonstrate that its not as effective as pumping CGM. So, thats number one demonstrate for once and for all the path is just. And then, secondly, from an economic benefit to the payor system, CGM first will cost that system a lot less, and as we look at going forward in the healthcare challenges, the economic challenges we believe that thats going to have a play in all of this as payors look to utilize the most effective tools and those that are cost effective as well.
Operator: Our next question on line comes from Mr. Steven Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rosemary Liu  Oppenheimer: Hi, guys. This is Rosemary in for Steve. Can you hear me okay?
Terry Gregg: Yes.
Rosemary Liu  Oppenheimer: Okay, great. Just a quick question on the FDA update with Vibe. Based on these most recent questions and then speaking with Animas, do you guys still think Vibe is still on track for approval around yearend time frame?
Terry Gregg: We had initially said kind of year end will be best case for the first part of next year. Were still getting these questions just came in from the FDA and were collectively still in the process of reviewing them. So, depending on how quickly we can turn the responses its really an Animas cohort to turn the responses most of the questions as weve seen really relate to the pumping side of the system not the CGM aspect of the system. So, when someone can comment upon Animas to respond I mean, any doctor keep in mind that the larger, the diabetes franchises if youll J&J, Roche and finger stick guys they are all reeling right now. I mean were seeing reports of headcount reductions across Roche across J&J and et cetera. These guys are really, they are all really struggling internally. So, we know Animas as a separate company is really remaining focused on this but I can tell you all their businesses are struggling right now.
Rosemary Liu  Oppenheimer: Also I noticed your sensor ASP is a little bit stronger this quarter at around 70% versus I think you guys said 65% to 70% last quarter. Is this a good price to assume going forward and is there further upside from here?
Kevin Sayer: Yes. 70 is -- thats an approximation. These contracts weve with payers on our centers are set for quite some period of time so 70 is a good number to model. We dont see it growing up significantly in the near term.
Rosemary Liu  Oppenheimer: And finally from me, can you just quickly update an update on where you are in China and thats it. Thanks guys.
Terry Gregg: Yeah I mean were still evaluating the path of entering both China and Japan. Quite frankly its really turning in both countries for different reasons on regulatory the appropriate regulatory pathway. In China, in particular, one of the key challenges is when you -- you need to have an approval FDA approval before you file a particular product in China. And then once you file that triggers somewhere between 2 to 2.5 half year regulatory review cycle. So, youve seen over the past several years how quickly it even as we mentioned some of the product reiterations on this call how quickly reiterates the product the key question for us internally is at what point do we need kind of pencil down and file the appropriate approved product in the U.S. So, were still evaluating that. Its still something thats very important on the radar over the next several years, but Id wouldnt characterize it as a near term source of new revenue for us.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Mr. Anthony Petrone from the Jefferies Group. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: Thanks, gentlemen. Anthony in for Raj. Just a couple of questions. One on Animas and Tandem as those products are rolled out eventually as we look into 2014, 2015 just wondering how that plays out in the model is it you are selling inventory to those companies and they are manufacturing the integrated product and then handling all marketing just kind of want to get that how those relationships will play out over time?
Steve Pacelli:  Id tell you its a work in progress. We dont currently have the commercial framework put in place for Tandem. We do have a commercial framework put in place with Animas, but as weve said on a couple of prior calls, were looking to potentially modify that. The current structure with Animas would have Animas manufacturing and selling the Vibe system and then handing the patient off to us to process and supply transmitter and sensors to that patient. Were looking at modifying that to make it more seamless to the patient. We dont really want to comment further until we get something put in writing with Animas. But assuming were successful putting that framework in place with Animas my guess is Tandem would fall in line into the same, same sort of business model.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: Okay and marketing?
Steve Pacelli: The marketing for the system will be done primarily by the pump partner. Our sales force will not be carrying the pump and again weve multiple partners. Weve to remain somewhat neutral in terms of recommending one pump versus another pump. Our machine is to be, as Terry mentioned in his concluding remarks, the Intel Inside. So, were going to provide pump partners with best-in-class CGM technology to enable and frankly to compete more effectively with Medtronic. But our sales force will have to the extent Animas or Tandem provide us with marketing literature for example that we could handoff to the endocrinologist, we would be certainly happy to help on that front but you wont see that DexCom sales force carrying an insulin pump in the bag.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies Group: Great, great. And then couple of follow-ups. So, just is there any and it doesnt seem certainly your business not directly impacted by this but any high level comments on the new CMS rates for home diabetic supplies how that plays out?
Terry Gregg: Yeah, really it doesnt impact us. Number one, were class three medical device so were not subject to competitive bidding. Were not -- we have no actual technology assessment by CMS. As Kevin said more than 98% of our patients have some form of insurance coverage that 1.5% or 2% that dont tend to be those patients unfortunately that are Medicare so they have to pay out of pocket. So, I dont see those being impactful other than downstream when well replace finger sticks entirely is what our stated goal has been as a company but outside of that I dont see anything.
Operator: And at this time, I see, we have no further questions. Please continue with any final remarks.
Terry Gregg: Sure. Well, the fact of it is unfortunately growing at a unprecedented rates both in the type I and the type II population and although billons are being spent trying to correct that and curate and trying to do all these things its a insurmountable task at this point. Obviously the G4 Platinum consist of is extremely effective and Id just close this with you the audience you know somebody in your family, your sphere of influence that has diabetes and you owe it to them to introduce the CGM and introduce some to the DexCom G4. You will certainly improve the quality of their life and you may in fact say it, and Ill close with that.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Terry Gregg  CEO Steve Pacelli  EVP, Strategy and Corporate Development Kevin Sayer  President and COO
Analysts:  Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray Ben Andrew  William Blair Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Jayson Bedford  Raymond James Mimi Pham  ABR Healthco Suraj Kalia  Northland Securities Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann Robert Marcus  Leerink Swann Greg Simpson  Wunderlich Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom 2013 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is John and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you, operator, and thanks for joining us for this first quarter 2013 conference call. Im going to ask Steve Pacelli to go read our Safe Harbor statement. Steve?
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under the section Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publically or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating loss. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results or superior to results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thank you, Steve and joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Pacelli, whom youve just heard from, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. As we just held our Q4 2012 earnings call in late February, todays call will be largely a financial update with Kevin reviewing our first quarter 2013 financial results providing a brief operations update. I will then follow with some concluding thoughts. Kevin?
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. I will start with the financial update. DexCom generated $27.8 million in product revenue for the first quarter of 2013 compared to $18.6 million for the same quarter in 2012, a $9.2 million or 49% increase. Sequentially, product revenue for Q1 of 2013 decreased 12% from the prior quarter, which is consistent with the 11% decrease we experienced from Q4 2011 to Q1 2012. The seasonality is not unexpected, as annual insurance deductibles reset and flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded in Q1 requiring patient to spend more out of pocket dollars to obtain our products. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2013 was $29.6 million compared to $20.1 million during the same quarter in 2012. Our product gross profit totaled $15.4 million, generating a product gross margin of 55% for Q1 2013 compared to a product gross profit of $9.0 million and a product gross margin of 49% for the same quarter in the prior year. As a reminder, product gross margin continues to be affected by a number of factors related our G4 Platinum launch, including the impact of our $399 in-warranty upgrade program which expired at the end of January, continued manufacturing scale-up activities for G4 Platinum, and the continued support of our SEVEN PLUS sensor manufacturing operations. Some final thoughts on our product revenues and our gross profits during Q1. Our split between consumable and durable revenues was again slightly more heavily weighted to durables in Q1 due to existing patients upgrading to the G4 Platinum. With approximately 30% of our product revenues generated by sales of G4 Platinum hardware and approximately 70% generated by sales of both SEVEN PLUS and G4 Platinum sensors. ASP for sensors has increased slightly to a range of approximately $65 to $70 per sensor and the ASP for our hardware continued at approximately $800 to $850 for starter kit. Our international business performance remained consistent in Q1 and continues to represent between 5% and 10% of product revenue, but remained somewhat overshadowed by our strong domestic growth. Research and development expense totaled $9.3 million for Q1 of 2013 which would slight compared to $9.4 million in Q1 of 2012. Sequentially, R&D expense was up 7% as a result of increased spending on the development of our mobile platforms. We continue to expect R&D expense for the full  we continue to expect that R&D expense for the full year would be relatively flat versus 2012. However, we will always consider adjusting our R&D spend to take advantage of near term opportunities such as advanced integrated pump CGM systems, mobile and cloud base data platforms, system performance improvements, all of the elements of our GEN5 system and continued research on our G6 sensor platform. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $18.1 million in Q1 of 2013 compared to $15.4 million during the same quarter in 2012. The increased primarily related to sales, administrative, and IT cost to support revenue growth. Of the $2.7 million increase, $400,000 of it is centered in non-cash share-based compensation. The remaining increase was primarily related to investments on the sales and marketing side of the business. In particular, the re-organization of our U.S. field team and expanded head count in our sales organization. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2013 totaled $11.1 million and included $7.2 million in non-cash expense, expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. Absent these non-cash charges, our operating loss for Q1 2013 would have been $3.7 million, compared this cash operating loss of $3.7 million to our cash operating loss of $9.7 million in Q1 2012. We are pleased with our progress in driving the company to profitability. Let me say it another way. Of the $9.2 million increase in sales from Q1 2012 to Q1 2013, $6 million dropped to the bottom line on a cash basis. Im able to say were excited about the long term profitability profile we believe were going to achieve here at DexCom. The business model is maturing as we planned. Our net loss per share for the quarter was $0.16. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the first quarter with $45.3 million in cash and marketable securities, down only $3.4 million from the end of 2012. Finally, we will reiterate our product revenue guidance for 2013 of $120 million to $130 million. Now, Ill give you a business update. Turning to our business, we continue to be extremely pleased with the commercial launch of the G4 Platinum system. With its significantly improved accuracy, convenience and reliability, we believe that the G4 Platinum fulfills the potential of CGM as the first and most essential tool in treatment of diabetes. Patient testimonials and blog postings regarding the performance of the system have been nothing short of remarkable. With G4 Platinum, we believe we have finally achieved the promise of CGM. As we mentioned during our earnings call late in February during the first quarter, we filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration seeking a pediatric indication for the G4 Platinum. We have also received CE Mark approval for pediatric patients and have begun marketing to pediatric patients in Europe. With respect to our U.S. pediatric submission, similar to our previous filings. We continue to have a regular, open dialog with the FDA. We remained excited about the prospects of a pediatric indication as it not only significantly expand the number of endocrinologists we can call on in the United States, we expect to be able to recommend our technology to patients as young as two years old which will be a first for CGM. Many of our future generation products, particularly our mobile and cloud-based products will be very applicable to this market segment. In particular, we continue to make considerable progress on the DexCom share system, a remote monitoring system developed to address the unique challenges faced by caregivers in assisting people with type 1 diabetes. As a reminder, the DexCom share system is a docking station for the G4 Platinum receiver enabling wireless transmission and glucose information such as the patients trend graph and alert notifications from the G4 Platinum to designated recipients, allowing the recipient to view the patients data on a smartphone. For example, a parent could receive their childs glucose information during the nighttime while they sleep in another room, or during the school day while the parent is at work. It will also have non-pediatric applications such as for a spouse while at work or when traveling. We expect to file the DexCom Share System with the FDA in the third quarter of this year. On the international front, we are pleased to report that we have received approval from Health Canada to begin marketing the G4 system in Canada. Our initial approval is for adults only. However, we expect to file supplements seeking pediatric approval later this quarter. Our distributor in Canada expects to commence a limited launch at the beginning of Q3 with the full launch commencing before the end of Q3. We also continue to explore opportunities in China, Japan, and other Asian geographies during the first quarter and we had a number of productive meetings with potential business partners in both China and Japan. We are currently evaluating potential partners and better educating ourselves on the most prudent regulatory path into these countries. By the end of the year, we expect to be commercial in up to 30 countries worldwide compared to approximately 20 at the end of 2012. We continue development on the Gen5 system, working on an improved applicator combined with a mobile phone interface. The FDA has been very cooperative with us regarding our efforts to develop a mobile CGM platform. The path is becoming more clearer with each and every step we take. For example, the share product in this data platform represents a very well thought out and delivered approach for our first connected product offering. Shifting to our integration partnerships, we are pleased to report that Animas has filed a PMA with the FDA seeking approval of the Animas 5 system in the U.S. Animas continues to commercialize the Animas 5 system in Europe and has reported strong success where the product is launched. We continue to work diligently with Tandem diabetes care to incorporate the G4 Platinum into a next-generation version of Tandems GSwim. We expect to be in a position to assist Tandem in filing a PMA with the Food and Drug Administration before the end of this year. Finally on the Edwards front, to quote Edwards CEO Michael Mussallem, We remain enthusiastic about the significant opportunity represented by GlucoClear system. As we mentioned during our Q4 earnings call, we dont expect significant sales for GlucoClear this year, however, Edwards management expect 2013 to be a pivotal year as Edwards complete traditional studies in Europe and gains greater clarity on the path towards U.S. approval. We remain enthusiastic about the significant opportunity represented by this technology. I look forward to supporting Edwards as they bring our best-in-class sensor technology to the critical care setting. I would now like to turn the call over to Terry for some concluding remarks. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. As I reflect upon the six months after our launch of the G4 platinum. We have learned a number of important things. Accuracy is everything. Data demonstrates that the sensor is 20% more accurate in the 40 to 400 range and 30% more accurate below 70 milligrams per deciliter which is a especially important to detect hypoglycemia. While we believe accuracy is essential, we have also learned that the overall patient experience is what really matters. We believe that our best-in-class accuracy and reliability empowers people to take control of their diabetes. G4 Platinum has had a new standard by which all future sensor technologies will be measured. In fact, just a few weeks ago at the National Institute of Health sponsored meeting on the development of an artificial pancreas, investigators from Boston University and Mass General Hospital reported the results of a 24-patient comparative study between Medtronic Enlite sensor, the Abbott Navigator sensor and the DexCom G4 Platinum. The researchers reported an MARD or main aptitude relative difference of 17.9% for the Enlite, a 12.5% MARD for the Navigator, and a 10.8% MARD for the G4 Platinum, a 10.8% MARD for G4. The researchers are currently completing a small outpatient study of an artificial pancreas system using the G4 Platinum and have received IDE approval for a larger follow-up study to be conducted at two New England Diabetes camps this summer. But we are certainly not stopping here. Prior to the G4 Platinum launch, we went several years without a new product introduction. That will not happen again. As Kevin highlighted, just this year, we have filed for pediatric indication, we supported Animas in filing the Animas Vibe system. We have committed to filing the DexCom share system in Q3 and assisting Tandem in filing a sensor pump combination system before year-end. Im also pleased to report that we have completed development of a next generation algorithm for the G4 Platinum to further improve our sensor performance, and we expect to file a PMA supplement for the new algorithm late this year or early next. So we have the potential for up to five new product introductions in the next 12 to 18 months. All of these introductions are incremental steps towards our ultimate goal of replacing finger sticks. We entered 2013 with our principal message in the diabetes community of CGM first targeted to both patients and professionals, simply stated CGM should be the first tool you use when treating diabetes. CGM is the best tool to determine a patients glycemic variability and the best tool to understand the action of insulin and other anti-diabetes agents in improving glucose control independent of how these agents are delivered. Our field team has been very effective in delivering that message. And while largely anecdotal, we believe a number of physicians are beginning to embrace the G4 Platinum as a frontline tool in large part because of its convenience and simplicity in addition to its exquisite accuracy. Our second goal this year is to improve our outreach about the benefits of the G4 Platinum. A recent survey of approximately 300 patients indicated that for about 70% of the 7-plus respondents, their physician was the most influential driver in choosing CGM. And only 15% of the G4 Platinum respondents cited that their physician has the driving factor. This is supports our belief that we are experiencing an increase in patient-to-patient communication as a key factor in the uptick of CGM adoption. Finally a brief comment on type 2 patients in CGM use. When I mentioned glycemic variability earlier, I was not restricting my comments to only type 1 patients. Excessive glycemic variability occurs in both type 1 and type 2 patients. And likely, excessive glycemic variability is getting a lot of negative recognition in the literature with reduction of glycemic variability cited as potentially more impactful than reduction of A1c to improve diabetes management. Several studies have linked excessive glycemic variability to adverse health outcomes including diminished cognitive functions, retinopathy, and increased cardiovascular disease. While we know that chronic elevated glucose contribute to the adverse clinical outcomes associated with diabetes including both micro and macro vascular conditions that acute daily glycemic variability is now being identified as causing oxidative stress believed to be the underlying cause of these long term complications. And we have seen an increase in the number of private payers covering insulin using type 2 patients. And just last year, 12 payers of approximately 20 million covered lives have amended their policies to provide coverage for type 2 patients and this is an addition to both Cigna and Anthem who have had policy in place. CGM is the only tool to determine the level of glycemic variability in order to take corrective actions to improve glucose control. We believe our future is very bright. Thank you and we will now open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Hi, good afternoon everybody.
Terry Gregg: Hey, Tom.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: So just a quick clarification on the last part, Terry, I think you said 20 million covered lives for the 12 payers in T2, thats in addition to whatever covered lives you have for Cigna or Aetna are including?
Terry Gregg: No. Thats in addition to. Thats just in the last 12 months, Tom.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Got it.
Terry Gregg: So youve seen that improve obviously, we knew that Cigna that we had established coverage, but this is new, this is primarily the responsibility of our managed care group and theyve done an outstanding job of improving that policy coverage.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: And I know these are difficult, if not impossible to count, but do you want to venture a guess as to what percentage of your sales is going to type 2?
Terry Gregg: At this point still in my opinion de minimis.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then maybe one of you could talk about how the change in the sales build force is going to re-org, and the expanded head count, that clinical associates being shifted over to territory people, give us one more color on that if you could.
Kevin Sayer: Yes Tom, this is Kevin. Ill take that. We have with the exception of just a couple thoughts, weve built the entire organization, the additional 20 territories that we had outlined our sales reps who have converted over are all doing extremely well. The talent available to us with our business and our product has been outstanding. Weve added some absolute value of people who have hit the ground running. Most all of our territories are performing the way we expected them to. We were off to the races. With respect to the clinical aspect, our patient care team is what we have put together in essence, to replace those clinical specialists in the field. We have expanded that from 4 to 12 people who worked the phones continually and have a very, very structured program with respect to contacting our new patients, and sometimes taking educational calls from those whove been patient for a longer period of time versus our normal tech services group which responds to product issues. And I can tell you that group is fully staffed and doing very well also. So everythings quick in the way we wanted it to.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Got it and then my last question, Ill let some others. As ADA is always off in June, and yet we wont have one of these calls until after that, are there any highlights or things we should look for at ADA that would be interesting to DexCom investors?
Terry Gregg: Its interesting question, Tom. And I would just say I think the influence of the artificial pancreas group certainly will be on the podium talking about their experiences. As you know, in that environment, everything is kind of geared towards the artificial pancreas arena from the scientific community. So that for us, will probably be the highlight especially given, were in 22 out of approximately 25 artificial pancreas programs around the world. And so that would be the highlight for us. Outside of that, Im not aware of anything in particular, that you should be looking for.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Good afternoon, can you hear me?
Terry Gregg: Hey, Ben.
Kevin Sayer: Yes.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Hey guys. So, a few questions from me, please. First, Terry you talked a little bit about the peds who are allowed and I think 15% to 20% of your installed base is peds, what should that be say in a year from now?
Terry Gregg: 30%.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Okay. And what does it take to get there? Is it just getting in front the DexCom and those are products that just need detail? Does it take staffing? What sort of movements on the part DexCom does that require?
Terry Gregg: Well, first of all, to get an approval and second beyond that just get in front them. I mean luckily, that it is a rare situation in which there is a solo practitioner with a pediatric endocrinology practice there generally grouped with young adults and adults or in at least close proximity. So that wont require adding new bodies to our group beyond what weve done in the re-org, so were not going to be looking at substantial windshield time by the sales group. Its just the ability to go call on them on a routine basis and talk about the benefits of the G4 Platinum. Many of them know it already but like anything, I mean the more shots on goal, the more packs go in kind of attitude and so this will be the first time that weve been able to call on that sector.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Okay. And that Terry, any information or content that in the sequence and the launch about utilization trends your patient retention from G4 other than anecdotal commentary?
Terry Gregg: No, not really. I think we need at least a quarter or two to truly understand. We have stated earlier and it has been truly anecdotal the feeling, it looks like theyre using it. Theyre being patient using the product more frequently. And I cant attribute directly as that more patients is using it without taking a holiday. We certainly read in the blogs and that is the best metric we have right now. Theres a great regularization from that standpoint. Greater confidence in the product, but beyond that, its hard to come up with qualitative or quantitative metrics on that then.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Okay. And then finally, can you talk a little bit about the next generation algorithm for the G4? What does that bring you in the order of magnitude improvement of M ARD or other feature? Thank you.
Terry Gregg: Yes, I can tell you that overall, its going to improve the MARD by about two points from the 40 to 400 and day one through day seven. Thats important because if you look at what the folks at Boston University and Mass General, theyre at 10.8. We certainly think that we can get and what we published with the FDA was 13% in ARD. So if we could get down into that overall range of around 11, we would be sub-10 at some point during the week because as you know DexCom sensors get better over time. So day four is better than day one and day seven is usually as good as day four if not better. So were excited about that opportunity to improve the outcome of that.
Ben Andrew  William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Hey, great. Thanks. Good evening and congratulations on a solid quarter.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Bill.
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Bill.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Just  Id like to whoever answered Bens question there, so as you look at G4, youve talked about kind of new product launches, we talked about. When would we expect this new algorithm to come? I think I missed that in the prepared remarks.
Terry Gregg: We hope to file it certainly like fourth quarter or late in 2014 and it would come sometime after that. And as Terry said earlier, that is really an accuracy enhancement for us. So we dont have any real launch plans to share with you on that but that will come out and be approved sometime next year.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: And is that what the hardware  the study, the 24-patient study that you referenced Terry, is that what they used?
Kevin Sayer: No.
Terry Gregg: Theyre just used in G4 Platinum. We originally, we developed the part of this algorithm is part of an AP project and then like everything else we do, we expanded that. If its good enough for that project and we get comfortable with it, its certainly something we want to incorporate for everybody. So thats how it kind of evolved over time and we got excited.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Okay. And then youve gone through the G4 upgrade, how many of the customers are left to upgrade and did you have a lot of the $399s this quarter?
Kevin Sayer: We had a good number. It wasnt unexpectedly high or low. It was a piece of it. It had a little bit of a negative impact on margins but not a whole lot. What weve seen, Bill, is quite a few have upgraded but weve also seen is a lot of them are waiting until theyre out of warranty because they want insurance to cover that purchase of the new system. So, while the $399 upgrade is appealing to a number of people, there are a lot of people who manage their diabetes dollars very closely and theyre waiting to where they can get the upgrade. What weve also noticed with those customers on the SEVEN PLUS side is theyre pleading through every sensor they have in their closet and everything they have on their shelf and their reorder numbers are actually lower than what weve experienced historically because they dont want to upgrade with any SEVEN PLUS sensors sitting on the shelf. So what were seeing is a rapid conversion in our sales numbers to GEN4 sensors probably faster than weve converted on a hardware side as people are using the stock that they have.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Okay. And then I got a ton of questions but Ill ask one more and let it slide. As you look at gross margins, do you still think the peak on the disposable of 70%, 75% by the end of this year and then where are the controller receiver, transmitter receiver margins today and where do you think those can go? Thats my question. Thanks.
Terry Gregg: Were never going to have fabulous electronic site margins under transmitter and receiver. We dont build enough of them at this point in time. Weve had a lot of discussions with some of the cell phone manufacturers and one of them called us. They designed a SKU. They built 55 million of them and they shut down the line, they never build it again. We dont  we cant quite do that and get those kinds of efficiencies. Were very convinced that we can get our GEN4 sensor margins up in the 70% to 75% range and we can even go better than that as volumes permit us over time. And the hardware margins will be what they are. Theyre there less than those, they will never get to 75%.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Should we, as we think about them, always kind of float around maybe a 50% range?
Terry Gregg: Yes, thats fair.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson Bedford  Raymond James: Good afternoon, thanks for taking the questions. Any way you can talk about growth and shipments to new patients in the quarter?
Terry Gregg: The new patient pattern is consistent with what we had during most of Q4. We do have upgrades, weve always had upgrades and theyve always been a reasonable part of our sales, but when you have a lot of new patients coming on as well, we really dont have any numbers to share today. Its been very strong.
Jayson Bedford  Raymond James: Right, and then in terms of the sales force re-org there, have the reps either been able to go deeper into existing accounts, or youre finding the reps being to able to open up new accounts, and I guess its a way of asking the installed base
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Ill take it
Jayson Bedford  Raymond James: Sure.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, Ill take it first and then Terrys been out in the field also. What Ive seen in the times Ive seen that our guys are going a lot deeper into a lot of accounts where theyve been before because of the performance and the acceptance of this product by the patients, that a lot of our long time physicians are seeing, is they prescribe GEN4, the reaction theyre getting is oh my gosh, this thing is wonderful and they are prescribing a lot more. Were getting broader coverage as well, but my observation again anecdotally, I dont have numbers sitting here, is were going a lot deeper with our existing physician base. Terry, you want to add to that?
Terry Gregg: Yes, certainly. With the  each year, we target a particular message, as I indicated in my prepared remarks. CGM first is the message of 2013 and then outreach patient-to-patient communication. But within the CGM first, we are beginning to see traction. Ive mentioned there was anecdotal as we get information back on the field force. But certainly, theyre spending much more time in each office than they historically have because the physicians are willing to give them more patients. Historically, it is always been much of a  unfortunately, a pump-centric type of environment in which they had to operate. And were moving the needle on that. We havent moved it dramatically, but we are moving the needle. So as a result of that, they are spending more time and as Kevin said, that means that theyre going deeper into each of those accounts. And again, in many of these accounts, there are multiple endocrinologists who would be sufficient to say that not every single endocrinologist in a particular group practice would necessarily be prescribing any technology for that matter, let alone CGM. So they are broadening even within a group practice of endocrinology to call on more physicians. And of course then in relationships with our partners, we oftentimes  they call on, in some cases, high insulin prescribing physicians who are not endocrinologists. You could certainly think that they were diabetologists, but were beginning to see scripts coming from those as well and thats a little hard to make a judgment how much is coming in from patient-to-patient or how much is coming in from our referral from either a Tandem or an Animas, or even Roche partner.
Jayson Bedford  Raymond James: Thats helpful. Just last one for me and Ill jump back in queue. Just to clarify the comment on utilization, is it fair to assume that its stable? Its not going down or up at least on G4, its largely stable from what youve seen?
Kevin Sayer: At the very least, it is stable.
Jayson Bedford  Raymond James: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mimi Pham from ABR Healthco. Please go ahead.
Mimi Pham  ABR Healthco: Hi, good afternoon. Just I guess a different way of asking the prior question. Last quarter, you said 60% to 65% of your startup kit sales were to new patients. To this quarter, was it same or higher?
Terry Gregg: You know what? I dont have that number with me. I think patterns are pretty consistent, so Id say its probably cost the same but Mimi, we dont have that numbers sitting here.
Mimi Pham  ABR Healthco: And then for reimbursement for type 2 CGM with the pipelines, you obviously had the help from the JDRF. Is there a society or the ADA or any kind of other independent group that could help drive CGM reimbursement for type 2s that your managed care group could get help from?
Terry Gregg: Well, no. I mean, we look to the ADA from that standpoint because remember ADA is not only type 1 in terms of their care commitment and cure mentality that as a professional organization all about the inclusive of both type 1 and type 2 or JDRF historically has been more towards the type 1. And a lot of that has come from that organization. You have to understand, heres an interesting dynamic, so and I have stated this number before but Ill state it again. Every day in the United States 10,000 Americans turn age 65. So you can say well, 65 is the new 55 and what does that mean? Well, it means that weve got a lot more patients that are living longer and therefore developing type 2 diabetes. As a result of that, that is something that ADA recognizes and has to embrace. It used to be that the update 65 type 2 diabetes or even type 1 youre lucky and you certainly would have all of the challenges. I dont think thats the situation whatsoever anymore. So, it is a something that they recognized if theres got to be intervention. And so theyre helping drive that. I think if you now look at some of the things Ive talked about glycemic variability. The amount of information thats being published in the literature about the role of excessive hyperglycemia in particular that is impacting and creating some of these economic costs that the payer system is looking to ways in which to reduce that. Theyve made all of the connect-the-dot assessments from that standpoint. So I dont know I think we need a particular driver I think more than anything we need more peer review independent-type studies and those are ongoing and they will all be published over time and well be able to track them.
Mimi Pham  ABR Healthco: And if we see Vibe approved in September or October timeframe, would there be any reason that they would delay that rollout until next year. Just want to clarify if what the filling now in if the fourth quarter approval could mean a fourth quarter launch Vibe?
Terry Gregg: It could, but again this is a decision that need to made by Animas and just like weve commented in the past where we would potentially choose not to launch a product in the fourth quarter with a fourth quarter approval. The fourth quarter for Animas or for any of the pump company is just like DexCom is the biggest quarter. So, I would guess if that approval came late third quarter or very, very early fourth quarter they would probably launch it, but to be honest if it comes in the middle or latter half of the fourth quarter. My guess is they would not want to call their people out of the field and not want to disrupt their selling efforts in Q4 and well probably defer to Q1 to launch it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suraj Kalia from Northland Securities. Please go ahead.
Suraj Kalia  Northland Securities: Hi, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Suraj.
Kevin Sayer: Thank you.
Suraj Kalia  Northland Securities: Terry, let me just ask some macro level questions. A lot company-specific had been asked. Hopefully, you can shed some light here. Where do you all see your current CGM share in the U.S.?
Terry Gregg: I dont have any answer. Part of the problem is, we dont publish our numbers. The other company doesnt publish their numbers. If we look at independent surveys, if you look at the Q&A as an example from close concerns has a sum of 65% share in the U.S. I dont believe that for a second. I think that the responders to that particular survey, yes, we probably  theyre what we call super users and yes, we probably have that kind of share but thats not the broader group. I think theres another bank that has published data based on a survey and again puts us a little over 50% share. Again, I really dont. Its a tough question and our people see that and I always caution them, put your filters on because surveys are, like anything else, it depends upon the body of the responders. But its somewhere in that neck of the woods.
Kevin Sayer: Yes, hi. This is Kevin. Its certainly between and 40% and 60%. That is close as we can get it.
Suraj Kalia  Northland Securities: And, Terry, the last one I guess I know this might be a little unfair question, but any thoughts on Medtronics PreciSense, the dual sensing CGM that they were developing. Are you all hearing about it in the marketplace, is it dead, is it moribund? If its still  do you all see on the competitive landscape? Any thought would be great.
Terry Gregg: Yes, I dont really know a lot about it. Id certainly dont think its dead. I think that they presented some data about their long term intent with it, to use that as part of a redundancy for an artificial pancreas. I dont know where its at developmentally, outside of that, they were at the NIH meeting as well and so, well see. But dont know where theyre at with that.
Suraj Kalia  Northland Securities: Fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord, please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Great, thanks. A couple of follow ups here. One was on Toms question earlier, just on distribution, youve added 20, kind of where do you stand now in terms of your reps? And where do you plan to be by year end?
Terry Gregg: Were done adding for the year, when we had the first quarter call, we said we were going to go from 48 to 68 territories and 68 is where were going to stop through the end of the year, barring some incredible growth spurt but thats our plan as we sit here right now, so thats where we are today and thats where well stand.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Okay, and then as youve been scaling the manufacturing on the G4, are you able to make it, are you running in to any problems, just in general how is that going?
Kevin Sayer: Bill, its going fabulously. Our manufacturing team has just done an incredible job with this launch. You heard Terry laughing. My favorite email to send them every week is my yield report, these guys are doing a great job with sensor yields. Its been super.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Perfect. And then on the 10-day label was something that get bantered about a while ago. I was just wondering if thats something that could still be out there with the 10-day label or shut off, or what do you think about that these days?
Kevin Sayer: It is still out there and I can tell you in many studies that we do particularly the ones we do internally, we are running them all now to 10 or 14 days even if we just type the data and cut it off at seven. Were running them longer so we can get a sense of how the sensor will perform from a physiology perspective within our patients and when that cut-off point would be. I think over time and as we discussed this as a team with respect to shut off, the way we would plan on doing that would we been shut the sensor off based on the signal from the electrode on the sensor when we can see that its not up to standard, we would have it shut off that way versus having a fixed shut off at a point in time. And thats what we think is the best ultimate long-term solution and we will look at that probably not as part  certainly not as part of the current Gen4 system and not in the next gen that well file. Well take a look at it after that.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: So maybe in G5 is what youre saying?
Kevin Sayer: G5 or G6, well see.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: And then before going to the next question, time line on the G5?
Terry Gregg: The FDA has been working with this very diligently to define how we can get to a mobile platform and identifying all the risks and all the things we have to do to mitigate those risks and this is very much an ongoing process. Weve heard from the agency and a number of friends that theyre very comfortable with the device making a jump straight to a phone without something in between or without a medical device around it, without the mitigating factors. So were working with them to better understand it. You know, Bill, thats the beauty of share system. Were going to have a practice round that is not going to be lights out, all of our patient to turning it on at exactly the same time but well have the server structure built. Well learn how to receive the data. Well learn to display the data back on the phone. The receiver is still the primary medical device, so with respect to an approval path, thats something that the FDA can comprehend and that weve made them comfortable with. So were excited for our first foray there and well see how it goes. With respect to the applicator and the other elements of Gen5, we have made the decision, were going to keep manufacturing the same sensor when we go the Gen5 platform. We dont need to change the sensor at all. And with respect to the other hardware element, well pick the right time when we call of those into manufacturing. So, while we dont have a timeline, as Terry said, weve go about five enhancements and different indications to launch over the next 12 to 18 months. That will keep us very busy. Gen5 will come after that.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Definitely. Actually one of my questions was to help me understand the benefit of this shared platform. So really its almost a baby step through your Gen5 in terms of getting to the mobile platform eventually. Is it how we should think about it?
Terry Gregg: Absolutely. From an operations and internal perspective, yes. I can tell you from a customer perspective, its much more than that. I was discussing it with a physician this morning the physicians reaction was a huge wow. I mean, I guess were going to be able to take this to school and plug it in the back of the classroom, for example, and data can go to the parent all day long and they can watch them. It can also go to the school nurse. This will be big wow for our patients for the traveling spouse whos on the road all the time who has type 1 diabetes. The other spouse can watch the data at home and make sure nothing happens. The sense of comfort there is something thats going to be a big deal and in our minds, as we I walk around here say all at the time, thats going to sell more sensors.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Yes, I do not know if Id want my wife to see my glucose levels when I travel.
Terry Gregg: You can take the receiver out of the cradle, though. There is just a way.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: And then lastly, its just does J&J issues with the OneTouch Ultra have any immediate impact on the SAP device, because if they  I think they recall. Im not exactly sure, but I think theyve had challenges on the OneTouch and if theyve got something going the FDA, can they get a PMA approved?
Terry Gregg: Its a different division. Thats the Verio of the LifeScan division. Animas is actually a separate operating company. So they have  they operate somewhat together as a diabetes franchise, but theyre two distinct companies. So the warning letter on Verio went to LifeScan, not to Animas.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Okay. So the government FDA doesnt look at J&J as one big company. They break them up into their operating companies.
Terry Gregg: No. No. No. Its operating company  at the operating company level.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord: Okay. Thank you very much.
Terry Gregg: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Swann. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Hi, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Terry Gregg: Sure. We can.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Okay. Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was hoping you could  so Kevin, you mentioned this between hardware and sensor. I was wondering if you could give us any color on the split within sensor revenue of SEVENPLUS versus Gen4?
Terry Gregg: No. Other than the Gen4, it was substantially more.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Okay. Well thats helpful. And then my second question, as you know, if you speak to your competitor, Medtronic, they claim to be making progress with FDA on the Enlite sensor. I was just hoping to get a sense from you guys of what youre hearing in the marketplace in anticipation of the Enlite sensor with the (inaudible) device because the way they talk about it, they actually say that they think its negatively impacting their diabetes business now because patients are waiting for this device to be approved. So if you have any senses of at least what you guys are seeing in the marketplace on that front because that would imply obviously that theres a volume of patients waiting to go on this device. Just wondering if you had any comment there?
Terry Gregg: Well, I look at whats going on in Europe where the device is available and certainly Animas and Johnson & Johnson have made public comments that theyre growing 30% to 50% in markets in Europe where the Vibe has launched indirect head-to-head competition with the Verio system. So they dont seem to be too worried about it. I think here in the U.S. when we talk to the folks both J&J and certainly Tandem, theyve seen to be cannibalizing the installed base. Im not sure patients quote, are waiting to go to this other system. The challenges and heres part of our, I call it, a conundrum for a lack of better term. So last year, our Medical Director David Price got up and spoke and talked about all the ways you can manipulate data from a glucose standpoint and that we never do that. We always only do prospective analysis and were trying to get out of that same meeting and said that the Enlite was about 13% MARD. We just had the heck out of it. We couldnt get it to perform that way and then Dr. Russell and Dr. Damiano presented results and said they couldnt get it to perform that way either, but closer to 18% and 13% and then fast forward to ATDD earlier this year. Medtronic is up and says what Enlite is on a prospective basis closer to 18% which is consistent with what were our experience with it is and actually out in the field experience. Now, I think from an FDA standpoint, youve got a product thats been in before the FDA. Theyve seen our data, which is part of our strategy and now theyre looking at something that can have an MARD for a sensor in order to shut off insulin delivery of somewhere close to 18%. Its a conundrum. Its a conundrum for the agency to say what are we going to do here. Now, most recently, youre hearing from Medtronic talk about Enlite 2 and other things predictive, so I dont know. I dont think the market reaction that theres a huge pent-up demand. I know theyre suffering, but I dont think its related to waiting for the Verio system.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Right. Okay, thank you so much. Thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Marcus from Leerink Swann. Please go ahead
Robert Marcus  Leerink Swann: Thank you. My questions have been answered.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Simpson from Wunderlich Securities, please go ahead.
Greg Simpson  Wunderlich Securities: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon guys. Let me add my congratulations on a great quarter. Terry, you kind of answered it in response to Bills question. I had two questions. My first question, you kind of answered. But I was wondering with the new algorithm for the G4, how does that affect kind of your pacing on the pipeline and kind of the progression to the G5 in other different animals but does it affect your thinking? In other words  Im sorry, do you do more on the G5 and make them out with G5.5 kind of like you did on G4 because of the FDA process?
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. Ill take that. One of the things we believe were successfully and its kind of segmenting some of the improvements in our product and not linking everything together. One of the issues we had with Gen4 in launching it, as you just said, it became Gen4.5 because we took the membrane from the Gen5 system and moved them back when it took so long to file. Were going to do our improvements in smaller increments and file them and not necessarily interlink them. So well file the algorithm and certainly we will run it with Gen4 and it may in fact be the algorithm we launched Gen5 with. I dont have the answer to that yet. But we can file the algorithm and then we can launch it anytime that were ready. And thats how we look at it and thats how were going to treat this. And all these things, were trying not to link them altogether. We want to do them in the order that best meets our business needs. So it isnt tied with that. There could be Gen5.5 algorithm but in all reality, that will depend upon the timing of the Gen6 sensor. If a Gen6 sensor comes, then algorithm would be completely different anyway. So we dont want to do things that arent going to lead to increased profitability. And this algorithm, we believe, will lead to increased profitability because again it makes the system more accurate and more reliable for our customers.
Greg Simpson  Wunderlich Securities: So, okay. So a pipeline of growth, thats a nice problem to have. Kevin, let me  you mentioned profitability. So I feel compelled to ask this question. So weve seen the growing number of companies for easy money, this question has been answered or asked of you guys on past conference calls. Do you feel and youre making obviously from a non-cash standpoint your progress towards profitability, can you talk about that in general and just kind of how you feel comfortable with the balance sheet and where you feel like you sit right there?
Kevin Sayer: Its funny. If somebody were to ask me my favorite numbers that I recited in, in all these numbers, it would be 6. That would be the $6 million drop to the bottom line on $9.2 million in increased sales. Our operating income cash loss was only $3.7 million this quarter compared to number closer to $10 million a year ago and our working capital progressed exactly the way we wanted it to. We have that capacity of close to $30 million that we can take down later this if we needed cash and weve made a commitment internally to ourselves, to our management team and to our investors that were not going to go raise more equity money. Were going to turn this thing where it needs to be and with growth like we believe we can do it. So thats our plan today.
Greg Simpson  Wunderlich Securities: Awesome. All right, thanks very much.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Terry Gregg: Okay, Id like to wrap it and I got a few 35,000 foot level kind of comments, so in March of this year, the American Diabetes Association released new data which estimates the total cost of diabetes in United States has risen to $245 billion per year in 2012 from $174 billion per year in 2007. Thats a 41% increase over just a five year period. Today, nearly 26 million adults and children are living with the disease in United States; an additional 79 million are estimated to have pre-diabetes. Direct medical costs totaled $176 billion last year for hospital and emergency care, office visits, and medications. Indirect medical costs including absenteeism, reduced productivity, and employment cost by diabetes related to disability and loss productivity due to early mortality totaled $69 billion last year. So we have gone from 12.1 million people diagnosed with diabetes in the U.S. in 2002, to 17.5 million in 2007 to nearly 26 million people with diabetes in United States in 2012. The high cost of complications has increased the economic burden over $70 billion annually in just the last five years. And yes we know that CGM can improve outcomes and delay or perhaps even prevent the onset of many of these complications. Theres absolutely no wonder why Im so excited about the current and future prospects of DexCom. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - CEO Kevin Sayer - President and COO  Steve Pacelli - EVP, Strategic and Corporate Development  Jess Roper - VP and CFO
Analysts:  Ben Andrew - William Blair Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Chris Cooley - Stephens Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann Mimi Pham - ABR Healthco Stephen Lichtman - Oppenheimer
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to Terry Gregg. You may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you, operator, and thanks for joining us today for our Q4 and full year 2012 conference call. Im going to ask Steve Pacelli to go through the Safe Harbor statement. Steve?
Steve Pacelli: Sure, thanks Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties.  A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual repost on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on our Form 10-Q, and other reports filed at SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with GAAP with respect to our cash operating loss. This non-GAAP information is provided to enhance your overall understanding of our current financial performance. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for results or superior results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our president and chief operating officer; Jess Roper, our chief financial officer; and you just heard from Steve Pacelli, our executive vice president of strategy and corporate development. Our agenda for todays call is fairly typical. I will provide a brief update on our G4 PLATINUM launch activities, Kevin will review our detailed fourth quarter 2012 financial results and provide our customary operations update, and then I will offer some concluding thoughts. As we discussed during our third quarter 2012 earnings call, on October 5, 2012 we received approval from the Food and Drug Administration to begin commercially marketing our fourth-generation CGM system, the DexCom G4 PLATINUM continuous glucose monitoring system. The U.S. launch of G4 PLATINUM has generated a higher level of excitement among patients, partners, and physicians than any of our previous commercial launches. We began taking orders for G4 PLATINUM immediately upon approval, and we completed our initial G4 PLATINUM shipments to patients before the end of October 2012. While our initial focus was on processing orders for new patients, we also successfully upgraded a fair number of existing SEVEN Plus users to the G4 PLATINUM in Q4.  Also during Q4, approximately 60-65% of PLATINUM starter kits shipped went to new patients, while the balance went to existing SEVEN Plus patients, including patients who took advantage of our $399 in warranty upgrade promotion; patients who purchased the SEVEN Plus in September 2012, who were entitled to a free upgrade; and SEVEN Plus patients who were out of warranty and were processed through normal reimbursement channels. To add some color to the new patients, I note that we had a 50% increase in kits shipped to new patients in Q4 2012, versus Q4 2011. And we sold more kits to new patients in the U.S. alone in Q4 2012 than the total number of kits we sold in Q4 2011. The commercial introduction of G4 PLATINUM continues to exceed our expectations. Our pipeline of new patient opportunities remains robust. Call volumes into customer service remain strong, and in spite of typical first quarter seasonality, first quarter sales through late February have been solid.  More than ever, we believe G4 PLATINUM sets a new standard for sensor performance. It is the most accurate and reliable continuous glucose sensor ever commercialized, and we believe this system will accelerate category adoption of CGM. Now, before Ill turn the call over to Kevin Sayer, Im pleased to share that we have yet again delivered on a significant operational milestone at DexCom. Just this week, we received approval of an expanded indication for our CE mark to include pediatric patients and expect to update our product labeling and begin marketing to pediatric patients in Europe before the end of Q1. Additionally, as promised, we have filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration seeking a pediatric indication for the G4 PLATINUM here in the U.S.. I would like to acknowledge the hard work of the people at DexCom, particularly our outstanding clinical and regulatory teams who have taken us one step closer to enabling DexCom to care for all people with diabetes. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. Ill start with the financial updates. DexCom generated $31.7 million in product revenue from the first quarter of 2012 compared to $20.9 million for the same quarter in 2011, a $10.8 million, or 52%, increase. We note the product revenue for Q4 includes a $1.2 million reversal of a sales returns reserve we recorded in Q3 relating to our 30-day money-back guarantee on DexCom hardware, or the so-called September patients. Sequentially, product revenue for Q4 of 2012 increased 50% from the prior quarter. As we stated in the G4 PLATINUM approval call we held in October 2012, we believe that many purchase decisions during Q3 were deferred, as patients and healthcare providers anticipated the G4 PLATINUM introduction. While we believe this may have led to additional demand in Q4, as Terry mentioned in his remarks, we continue to see strong demand for G4 PLATINUM in the first quarter of 2013.  Total revenue from the first quarter of 2012 was $33.3 million, compared to $22.4 million during the same quarter in 2011. Our product gross profit totaled $17.2 million, generating a product gross margin of 54% for Q4 2012, compared to a product gross profit of $10.2 million, and a product gross margin of 49% for the same quarter in the prior year. Please note that product gross margin in Q4 2012 was affected by a number of factors related to our G4 PLATINUM launch, including the impact of our $399 in warranty upgrade program, manufacturing scale up activities for G4 PLATINUM, extremely high manufacturing and sales volumes, early stage production yields, and the continued support of our SEVEN Plus sensor manufacturing operations. Some final thoughts on our product revenues on our gross profits during Q4: Our split between consumable and durable revenues was slightly more heavily weighted to durables in Q4 due to the G4 PLATINUM launch, with approximately 32% of our product revenues generated by sales of G4 PLATINUM hardware and approximately 68% generated by sales of both SEVEN Plus and G4 PLATINUM sensors. ASP for sensors remain constant, while the ASP for our hardware was negatively affected by our $399 in warranty upgrade program.  Our international business continued to perform well in Q4, accounting for between 5% and 10% of our product revenues. However, the U.S. launch of G4 PLATINUM somewhat overshadowed our consistent OUS growth. Research and development expense totaled $8.7 million for Q4 of 2012, compared to $9.2 million in Q4 2011, and the decrease primarily resulting from lower clinical trial costs and lower G4 development expenses.  Sequentially, we are pleased to report that R&D expense was down 18% as a result of similar factors: lower clinical trial costs, reduced Gen-4 development expenses, and reduced outside consulting services. As we move into 2013, we expect that R&D expense for the full year would be relatively flat versus 2012. Much will depend upon our timelines and opportunities with the FDA. With the pediatric PMA supplement on file, our R&D focus this year will be on the Animus and Tandem PMA filings and subsequent product approvals, mobile and cloud-based data platforms, continued system performance improvements, all of the elements of our gen-5 CGM system, and our early stage research on the gen-6 sensor. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $17.2 million in Q4 of 2012, compared to $13.7 million during the second quarter of 2011, the increase primarily related to sales, marketing, and information technology costs to support revenue growth. A little more detail on the increase of the $3.5 million increase in SG&A, $500,000 of it centered in noncash share-based compensation. The remaining increase was related to G4 PLATINUM launch costs, increased variable sales costs related to our 50%-plus revenue growth, both sequentially and over 2011, and marketing information technology costs to support this revenue growth. As we look at fiscal 2013, we do anticipate an increase in SG&A expense above 20% to support our growth. While G&A will increase moderately, we intend to invest in the sales and marketing side of our business. Earlier this month, we commenced the reorganization of our U.S. field team. Weve increased the number of U.S. sales territories from 48 to 68, and we have consolidated what was previously a tiered model with multiple sales reps and field-based clinical support staff sharing larger territories into a flat structure with a single sales rep solely responsible for a much smaller territory. Our clinical support team will no longer be field-based, but instead will be redeployed on phone lines and on computers as part of our DexCom Care initiative, proactively reaching out to patients on predefined schedules to improve patient experience while also working to increase sensor utilization and patient retention.  As we have discussed on numerous occasions, most of our patients are trained using DexComs support resources, including our online tools in combination with support from our healthcare professionals and our technical support center. So with smaller territories, we believe our sales reps will have the bandwidth to handle local training issues where necessary. Upon completion of this reorganization, we will hold expanded headcount in our sales organization, including non field based clinical support by approximately 15%. We expect this reorganization to be completed by early Q2 2013. Our net loss for the fourth quarter of 2012 totaled $8.5 million, including $6.3 million in noncash expenses centered in share-based compensation, depreciation, and amortization. Absent these noncash charges, our net loss for Q4 2012 would have been $2.2 million.  Compare this cash operating loss of $2.2 million to a cash operating loss of $9.8 million in the prior quarter and a cash operating loss of $7.2 million in Q4 2011. Its easy to understand our believe that we can in fact move our current business model to profitability with increased volumes. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.12.  With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $48.7 million in cash and marketable securities, down $4.7 million from Q3. As we stated during our last call, we had significant working capital needs during Q4, as our receivables increased over $7 million from Q3. We had capital expenditures of another $1.4 million, and we paid down approximately $2 million in accruals in conjunction with year end. Finally, as we disclosed on form 8-K and during our prepared remarks at the JPMorgan conference, in January our product revenue guidance for 2013 is $120-130 million.  Now for a business update. Turning to our product pipeline as Terry stated earlier, we filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration seeking a pediatric indication for the G4 PLATINUM and we have received CE mark approval for pediatric patients and expect to be in marketing to pediatric patients in Europe before the end of Q1. We remain extremely excited about prospect of a pediatric indication, as it not only significantly expands the number of endocrinologists we can call on in the U.S., we expect to be able to recommend our technology to patients as young as two years old, which would be a first for CGM. Our future generation products are very much geared towards this market segment.  On the international front, we expect approval in Canada and India shortly, and we continue to explore opportunities in China and Japan and other Asian geographies. We continue with the development of the gen-5 system, working on an improved applicator combined a mobile phone interface. We continue to have discussions with the FDA on this front, and believe that DexCom is in a very strong position to become the first class three medical device to communicate directly to a mobile platform. Shifting to our integration partners, Animus continues to commercialize the Animus 5 system in Europe, and in its recent earnings call Johnson & Johnson disclosed that in markets where the Animus 5 is commercial in Europe, they have seen 35-50% average sales growth compared to markets where the product has not yet launched. With regard to filing for U.S. approval of the Animus 5, all development work and systems testing is complete, and we are working diligently with Animus to finalize their PMA application to be submitted before the end of this quarter.  We are pleased to note our recent agreement with our newest partner, Tandem Diabetes Care, to accelerate the development efforts, and we will be incorporating the G4 PLATINUM into the Tandem system. We expect development to continue through 2013, and hope to be in a position to assist Tandem in filing a PMA with the Food and Drug Administration before the end of the year.  Regarding our relationship with Insulet, as many of you are aware, Insulet announced during its presentation at the recent JPMorgan conference in San Francisco that it was seeking to partner with a to be named glucose sensor company in an effort to physically integrate a continuous sensor directly into the disposable pod in addition to displaying CGM data on the Insulet handheld device.  A couple of things have changed since we entered into our original agreement with Insulet. First, we have made significant progress in moving our CGM display directly to a phone. Both companies believe that a display of CGM data on a patients smartphone significantly reduces the market impact of displaying data on the pod handheld. This is different from a durable pump like Animus or Tandem products, where the device remains continuously tethered to the patient. Second, the physical integration that Insulet intends to pursue represents several problems for DexCom. An integration of this nature would require the transfer of much of our sensor intellectual property and know how to Insulet so these combination devices could be manufactured. We would then have to determine how to share the patients and the resulting revenues of the combination product. And finally, and perhaps most important, DexCom is working to develop a sensor that will last 10-14 days, so integrating our technology into a 3-4 day disposable doesnt make economic sense for us as it will cost us the same to manufacture a 3-day sensor as a 10-day sensor. While we have not formally terminated our contract, the integration path chosen by Insulet effectively ends our relationship and we wish them well.  Turning to our development partnership with Roche, as weve discussed previously, Roche has spent the past several months evaluating the feasibility of incorporating G4 PLATINUM into their next-generation handheld diabetes management system. Roche recently concluded that the incremental expense associated with doing so could not be justified from a time to market perspective, particularly in light of our gen-5 timelines. Like Insulet, Roche also understands that as DexComs hardware platform shifts directly to direct display on a smartphone, the value of integrating gen-5 into a future Roche handheld device is much less meaningful as patients will opt for CGM display on the phone. For these reasons, together with the fact that Roche and all other SMBG companies are looking at a very challenging diabetes marketplace with respect to pricing pressure and decreasing reimbursement as a result of competitive bidding, Roche has made the decision not to move forward with gen-5 integration at this time, and will instead focus resources on their core business. Our overall relationship with Roche remains very strong, as Roche is a very strong distribution partner in many of our international geographies, and we continue to explore future distribution collaborations with them. Finally, on the Edwards front, we are very pleased to announce our second-generation GlucoClear system has received CE mark. While we dont expect too many significant sales this year, we expect 2013 to be a pivotal year as Edwards completes additional accuracy studies in Europe and obtains greater clarity on the pathway toward U.S. approval. We remain enthusiastic about the significant breakout opportunity represented by this technology, and look forward to supporting Edwards as they bring our best-in-class sensor technology to the critical care setting. Id now like to turn the call back over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. Id like to start by highlighting our Q4 financial performance. Product revenue clearly exceeded our expectations in the quarter, but I am equally pleased by our operating performance. As you know, our board set a stretch goal for us to reach cash operating breakeven during Q4 of 2012.  And we got within $2.2 million of that goal, in spite of a number of unanticipated expenses during 2012, such as costs related to our SweetSpot acquisition, costs related to advancing our mobile platform, and costs associated with an earlier than expected G4 PLATINUM product launch, none of which were contemplated in our original budget. Needless to say, I am excited by the long term profitability profile we believe we can achieve here at DexCom. N Now, in terms of our messaging for 2013, this is a year we put CGM first. We have long said that to effectively treat diabetes, you must know where you are going before you can figure out how to get there.  We believe CGM is the first tool that should be used in any treatment approach. For newly diagnosed patients, how does a doctor decide appropriate insulin dosage without understanding the patients glucose profile. For all insulin taking patients, the method of insulin delivery is not nearly as important as knowing when to dose and how much insulin to take.  And for all people with diabetes, clinical data supports the potential benefit of CGM for titration of insulin, oral medications, lifestyle changes such as changes to diet or exercise routine. We believe CGM will become the first line of therapy for all insulin taking patients and one day for all diabetes patients. Turning to our pipeline, we are obviously very excited about the prospect of bringing G4 PLATINUM to the pediatric community. Today, pediatric patients represent only about 10-15% of our installed base, and with an estimated 300,000 to 400,000 people with Type I diabetes in the U.S. alone who are under the age of 18, we think this is an extremely important growth opportunity for the company. In fact, as we studied the pediatric opportunity, and the unique challenges faced by parents managing a child with Type 1 diabetes, a new product concept was born: the DexCom Share system.  So the DexCom Share system will be a docking station for the G4 PLATINUM receiver, enabling the wireless transmission of glucose information such as the patients string graph and alert notifications from the G4 PLATINUM to designated recipients, allowing the recipient to view the patients data on a smartphone.  For example, a parent can receive glucose information during the nighttime, while the child sleeps in another room, during the school day, while the parent is at work, or even for nonpediatric applications, such as for a spouse while at work or when traveling. So when Im asked what is DexComs share, my response is straightforward. Share is not waking up at 3am to take a finger stick from your child, the freedom to finally allow your child to sleep over at his or her friends house, not worrying when your spouse is away on a business trip. The idea is simple: connecting DexCom users to the people who care about them. We expect to file the DexCom Share system with the FDA in the third quarter of this year. Now Id like to conclude with some market commentary regarding the G4 PLATINUM. While the general feedback from patients and healthcare providers has been nothing short of remarkable, we have seen three recurring points of praise. First is accuracy. The sensor is 20% more accurate, from 400 to 400 mg of detection, 30% more accurate in the 70 mg and below area of hypoglycemia protection.  Second is range of connectivity. The SEVEN Plus had somewhere between 5 and 8 feet of connectivity and while the G4 PLATINUM is labeled for 20 feet, were hearing its closer to 50 feet, especially in line of sight. So if you think about a patients mobility at home, the patient might be able to leave it on a nightstand, go down to the kitchen, come back up, and not lose any data packets.  Third is its size. You know, its about one-third the size of the old receiver, so the patient can slip it into a pocket or put it into a purse.  As I look back on my diabetes career, nearly 20 years ago I began my quest to develop a continuous glucose monitoring system to meet the needs and expectations of all people with diabetes. And now four generations later, I truly believe we have delivered a product in the G4 PLATINUM with broad appeal and broad applications that will continue to accelerate the growth of CGM as a category and DexCom as the market leading participant. We will replace finger sticks, not if, just when. Thank you, and well open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And our first question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Terry, two topics for me if you could please. Talk a little bit more about the patient dynamics as youve gone through the launch, and how its changing. You gave some statistics relative to the percent that were shipped on the new version. Can you give us a sense of what the installed base is, or any other metrics that we can use to kind of project forward from here? 
Terry Gregg: You know, Ive never given direct installed base. You guys all kind of make up your models and quite frankly youre pretty good at that, so I dont think well help you out in that. Thats what you get paid for, I think. I will say this. The most interesting dynamic as youre preparing new models is the fact that were seeing greater utilization of sensors in the G4 than we did with the SEVEN Plus. And so what does that mean? Are they using it more frequently? Possibly. Certainly I think there is a trust level with the accuracy of the technology, which is encouraging patients not to take as many holidays possibly.  But we dont have all the metrics yet to analyze it as completely as we would like. But that is one interesting thing that were seeing post the launch, and certainly moving into this first quarter. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And is it different in the newer patients and the patients who had been on gen-3 in that dynamic? Or still too early to say? 
Terry Gregg: Its still too early to say. We havent dialed down the metrics to that level yet. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And then you talked about some changes in the field organization, and maybe give us a bit more detail there and what that will do through the P&L relative to kind of bringing more people onto a commission basis, and hopefully driving more sales directly. 
Kevin Sayer: You know, Ben, as we look at our structure, we just felt we needed more coverage. And we had the field clinical sales team, and as we look at how easy our product is to use, the fact that as I said earlier most of our patients train with our support materials or online, we felt we could best deploy our resources in the field with feet on the street. So in essence, as I said, well have 68 territories.  Were also adding to the in-house team. We gave them a goal as to how much more they could spend, and as Ive said, we wont spend more than 20% total on SG&A, but that will flow through the P&L a little bit in the first quarter, more in the second, and then youll have the full throttle certainly for the entire third and fourth quarter. The variable expenses will go up, obviously, as they did this quarter, when we have a very successful quarter and sell a lot of product.
Terry Gregg: I would only add to that, you know theres about somewhere between 800 and 1,000 pediatric endocrinologists that today we dont call on, and so part of this structure change and expansion was to give our sales reps the bandwidth to go call on that endocrinology group. The good news is that they tend to be centered in areas geographically that we can address it with the smaller territory, without having to really expand more sales reps than moving from the 48 to the 68 territories. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And then just briefly, expanding on that point, when you get the pediatric indication in the U.S., and then bring on the Vibe, how should we think about that timing of those rollouts? Are those things that can step function quickly? Or would they take some time to have an impact on patient [unintelligible]? 
Kevin Sayer: We just launched a new product 20 days after it got approved, so when we get peds approval, well roll it out pretty fast. When it comes to how it will affect our numbers, we gave a range of $120-130 million in revenue, and literally that range is kind of variable based upon peds approval. If we got no peds approval, that $120 million number would be our target, or $125 million or something lower, and then peds takes us up into the higher end of that range. But new patients will jump onboard pretty quickly with the peds approval. That will not be something we wait for.  With Animus Vibe, we think patients will sign up pretty quickly. We know Animus will have very aggressive upgrade programs, see if their patients upgrade, just on the Animus Vibe system. Some of those patients already use DexCom sensors. So we really havent modeled a lot of that out, and we dont have any of it in our 2013 numbers. So well give you more guidance on that as the year goes on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: A couple of questions. First, on gross margins, as you ramp up the manufacturing of this product, remind us, at this point, what type of margins do you think you can hit on the disposables at scale? And when is that at scale timeframe? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, weve long maintained we can hit between 65% and 75% margins on these G4 disposables. That scale up should really start to occur about the end of this year. The factors that will affect that will be continuing to do our SEVEN Plus manufacturing line, that [connect store]. So we still have to weigh those two things against each other.  You know, I talked a bit about start up yields in my comments earlier for the fourth quarter. I can tell you the first quarter our team is doing a spectacular job of getting yields much better than what weve targeted, so kudos to those guys.  So we think this process is much more robust than anything weve had for SEVEN Plus, so that is something that will be a positive factor as well. We believe as we start hitting the end of this year well be getting close to on our disposable margin targets. We certainly should be at the lower end of the 65-75% range anyway. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And youre still comfortable with that range to the higher end over time, now that you have a little experience? 
Kevin Sayer: Im more comfortable today than Ive ever been. Absolutely. I think Terry and Steve are, and everybody else is too. Were doing a very good job. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then on the R&D, I think the one thing I didnt hear you talk about was the 10-day. And I was wondering if we could get some color on that. 
Kevin Sayer: You know what? Or focus for next year will not be on the 10-day. Our filings for this year will be the things we talked about. Our focus in 2013 will be on those items we reported, the gen-5 sensor, getting these partnership products filed and out the door, a little work on our gen-6 sensor, in addition to the gen-5. 10-day is something that we kind of view off the main path. Well work on our algorithms and our software, and decide when were going to drop that in, and we have not made a decision on that front yet. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then since Im on the R&D, the last question, just it seems like with the guidance that youre providing at this roughly flat 2013 versus 2012, and even on the SG&A guidance of up 20% year over year, it seems like as you put together your 2013 budgets, youre extremely focused on driving this to cash flow breakeven or profitability. Is that a fair statement? 
Kevin Sayer: I would say that would be my new name. Yeah. That is a very fair assessment, and were very focused on that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Thom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: A couple of things on regulatory. The supplement that you filed for pediatric, can you narrow that down a little bit for timing, so we can model that in? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, statutorily, its a 180-day filing, and weve got to stand by that, not having a crystal ball. Obviously were taking bets, as we did with G4, as to when that will get approval, and of course Terry is always the most optimistic one, which means Ill probably lose another dinner bet, but thats okay. But no, I think we should look at that 180 day, not knowing anything else.  The only kind of factor that you might want to think about is the fact that theyve already seen the adult data, so were really just comparing the pediatric data to the adult data and submitting that. I know that they are anxious, and were anxious, to receive the file, because their belief, their being FDA, is that every child should be on a CGM device as part of the diabetes therapy model. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And whats the start time for that? For the 180 days? 
Terry Gregg: Sometime in the first quarter. 
Kevin Sayer: As I said, we have filed the PMA application this quarter. Its already in, so the clock has started. So I would say its sometime in the second half of the year. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And then Kevin, when you were describing Animus, I got a little confused. Is that a supplement as well, and is it a supplement submitted by DexCom, or is it a new PMA submitted by J&J? 
Kevin Sayer: Ill let Steve take care of that one. 
Steve Pacelli: This has been a moving target, but now we have some clarity out of the FDA. Frankly, it was extremely positive. So youll recall probably a year or so ago, we had this concept we were going to try to file a supplement on top of the PMA. We were guided during the G4 PLATINUM review that we should wait until G4 PLATINUM was approved before we filed the Animus Vibe. What the FDA determined is that it would be a full PMA.  But what they also determined is that Animus can file the Vibe system, and actually rather than include all of the detailed information regarding G4 PLATINUM, they can actually just reference our PMA submission. So its really just a PMA filing that will be conducted by Animus referencing the G4 PLATINUM.  Why thats a benefit to both of us, as youll recall, as the Vibe moved the Animus pump platform from the 510(k) product to a PMA product, which means Animus becomes subject to, as we are, on a daily basis, all the change control procedures and requirements and basically they become a PMA company and have to file every change they make with respect to the manufacturing operation and things like that.  By allowing Animus to file a PMA separate and distinct from ours, and be able to reference ours, that enables them to control the regulatory process on their front with respect to ongoing manufacturing operations, with respect to the pump. So we dont have to be in the middle of that. So this is all kind of new information within the last three to six months, but its actually very positive from an operations perspective. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And then on Roche, I understand what you said in the prepared remarks, but I didnt hear any reference to the in-office CGM that you have partnership with. Is that still ongoing, or is that dissolving? 
Steve Pacelli: It is. I wouldnt read too much into the Roche announcement. Roche is a very strong partner for us internationally. Roche has some direct distribution rights in some countries, and they frankly work with our distributors and our distribution network in other countries. Theyve been a very strong partner, and will continue to be.  Weve said before, the SEVEN Plus professional use system that Roche has carried in the bag has been less than successful. Weve been saying that for several quarters now. And I think that program is still ongoing, but look, as we look to wind down the SEVEN Plus, naturally that program would look to wind down sometime this year.  And one of the other items on our R&D radar screen would be moving the G4 PLATINUM to a professional use model, but it currently today is not labeled for multiple patient use, so thats something that were looking at obtaining a new labeled indication for. Not sure whether Roche would be the partner there or not, but we would evaluate that at the time we got an approval. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And then Kevin, I think you mentioned this in reference to a question from Bill, but does the $120-130 million product revenue guidance that you gave out a month ago, it clearly assumes a pediatric approval moving different times through the year. Does it assume Vibe approved this year, or would that be upside? 
Kevin Sayer: It assumes no Vibe approval this year. Theres no Animus numbers baked into that. And the pediatric impact is really something, again, that would push us to the upper end of the range, or even outside the upper end of the range. Our numbers are built pretty solidly from the ground up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Cooley from Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Chris Cooley - Stephens: Are there going to be charges that we should think about, or any one-time items in the P&L associated with the change, both with Insulet and as well, with Roche, in terms of the co-development agreements there that we should think of in addition to just the timing out of those development efforts? 
Kevin Sayer: No, there wont be any one-time charges with respect to that. 
Terry Gregg: There will be some changes with the development grant revenue. So if you look at Edwards, we have effectively completed that development arrangement, and recognized revenue through December. We wont have any going forward. Other than that, in Q1 we have development grant revenue of about $1 million. Going forward, we expect development grant revenue of about $100,000 a quarter through 2014 as we stand here today. 
Chris Cooley - Stephens: And then just lastly, when I think about product revenue guidance for the year, should we think about a normal split between consumables and hardware that weve seen historically? Im just looking at what you put up in the fourth quarter, and what seems to be intimated regarding new patient starts here in the Q1, and just trying to think about that a little bit, when I think about both top line growth and margin. Just any additional color you could provide there would be great. 
Kevin Sayer: You know, weve stated in the past that our split is typically 25-30% on the durable and the rest on the disposable side. We did 32% this quarter, as we launched a new product, but in all reality, if we didnt have the $399 upgrade program, and also the $1.2 million that we recognized from the September patients, the ratios would have been within that range of 25-30%. So we think things will remain relatively consistent on that front, 25-30% durables, and the rest of it for the consumable products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Swann. Please go ahead. 
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann: I know you guys dont give quarterly guidance, but just trying to get a sense, the first quarter is usually a down quarter sequentially given deductibles resetting, etc., but you have a lot of momentum, it seems, going into the first quarter. How do we think about the launch continuing to progress versus the trend of resetting deductibles and how that might offset that? If you could give any context around that, that would be really helpful. 
Terry Gregg: Ill weigh in, and then Im going to ask Kevin to fall in, as I give you the 35,000-foot level, and he can get you to more specificity. Certainly we are challenged with, as youve already identified, the seasonality with deductibles and flexible spending accounts. Thats not going to change. We did $18 million in Q1 of 2012, so that was down. We had done $21 million in Q4. So we did $32 million in Q4. Were going to be down from that standpoint.  And if I gave you what we think were going to do this quarter, then every single quarter going forward were going to have to do the same thing, and we dont want to get into that. But I would say that it is, on the one end, the same type of softness that we see. The little bit of change that - you know, you heard my comment saying we had a solid through the end of February - is just that the gen-4 I think in terms of word of mouth by patient to patient communication, which weve seen really I think more dramatically in the last three months than we have ever with the SEVEN Plus, that there is that interest level.  Kevin mentioned that the opportunities in the pipeline are as full as weve ever seen them in the history of the company. Now, that doesnt mean that they absolutely translate into a new starter kit sale, but certainly the interest level is there. But again, we havent, as we look at the landscape of deductibles, theyve gone up a bit, but its still single digits this year as far as we can tell, from that standpoint. So I think there are some of those headwinds. But were doing okay. And Kevin, you want to get to more granularity? 
Kevin Sayer: No, Terry, you covered a number of the points. One of the things going into this quarter, lets just go back to Q4 revenues for a minute, because there are some things that wont reappear. We had the $1.2 million we carried over from Q3 that you cant extrapolate what Q1s going to be like from that. We also had some pent up demand. But I really cant quantify in Q3 of patients who did not buy who waited to buy in Q4. But that makes things a little bit different. And we had the $399 upgrade program. So we have a group of patients who are non-repeatable.  That being said, as weve come out of most years, I can tell you we have sold to most every patient we could ever find, most quarters. And we came out of Q4 this year, that was not the case. We still had a very robust pipeline going into the year. And were still getting a lot of phone calls. We are getting very favorable reaction, not only from our patient customers, our distribution partners, our dealers are ordering regularly, and basically cant keep the thing on the shelf. So while all the issues exist with deductibles and copays and all these other things, it just appears that patients are a little more excited about this new product, and might be able to deal with those issues and make an investment in their care earlier than they have in the past. So you combine all the positives, with all the things that are floating, and were very excited about the quarter, but theres a bit of uncertainty still. 
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann: And then if I look at your product revenue guidance for 2013, the $120-130 million, beyond Animus Vibe coming online this year, earlier pediatric indication, what are the other variables that could get you toward the higher end of that range? For example, you mentioned more sensors being used. Is that something that could continue? And if it does, is that something that gets you to the higher end? Or is that more something that gets you within the middle? Any color on that? 
Kevin Sayer: You know, I think our utilization would move us up a bit into the range. Probably doesnt get us to the very end, but I think its very helpful. I think the other thing, if we can add a point to the retention rate, a point off the attrition rate, thats certainly very helpful. We know the gen-4 does that. So far, from what weve seen, people really like this thing and appear to be using it very regularly.  Earlier pediatric approval helps more than anything else we can do right now, and we cant predict that. And certainly we dont have any Vibe numbers in what weve got. But those are really the levers we could pull.  Were going to have more coverage with more sales reps and more territories, so well be calling on people we havent called in in the past, or going more deeply into practices where weve had to be relatively shallow before. So we might be able to go deeper and again, get more from there, but bottom line is weve got a 40% target on our backs that we put on our backs already. Were going to have to execute pretty well just to do that. 
Terry Gregg: The only other thing I would comment on is this peer-to-peer, which were beginning to see early stages of that communication, which is then driving some sales outside of our normal call patterns. Which we hope is kind of the vision of the future, and what weve long predicted as a trajectory increase attribute of having more patient demand than physician prescribing. So well see if that continues to play out in a robust way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mimi Pham from ABR Healthco. Please go ahead. 
Mimi Pham - ABR Healthco: Can you clarify what percent of those 1,000 pediatric endocrinologists you would be able to access with your reorganized sales force later this year? 
Terry Gregg: That would be 100%.
Mimi Pham - ABR Healthco: And then regarding your guidance for $120-130 million CGM sales, can you talk about did you anticipate any hits from your growth due to the Medtronic next-gen CGM launch in the summer if they get approval this summer of Enlite? Have you taken that into your guidance? 
Terry Gregg: Look, we address two different markets. Theyre really addressing the pump market, and that is something that as you know just based on their latest quarter announcement was declining as pump sale.  They really never had a standalone product that was a competitive product, and I think even looking at the clinical results of Enlite versus G4, I would say most of the academic and clinical community have been disappointed in the performance of the Enlite. Weve seen data even in head-to-head competition by independent researchers that looks like its approaching the same kind of accuracy as the SEVEN Plus has achieved.  But in terms of comparing that and contrast that to the current data were getting from G4, in that contrast, were 70% more accurate overall between 40 and 400 mg of detection. Were really getting down below, close to that 10 AMRD range. So I think that, from the user standpoint, accuracy really counts, and theyre really trying to sell that as part of an integrated system. I think our pump partners will have to address that both Animus and Tandem.  And I would say this, theyve had the system approved in Europe for some time now, and yet on Kevins comments, based on what J&J presented in their first quarter call was that in places where theyve launched the Vibe, theyre growing it anywhere from 35% to 50%. Their informal comments to us are that theyre not very impressed with the [unintelligible] system. They dont find it as a competitive threat, and theyre not having any problem replacing Medtronic pumps in that space. So is that going to translate the same in the U.S.? It remains to be seen. 
Mimi Pham - ABR Healthco: Okay, but we should assume if they happen to announce approval mid-summer, that doesnt necessarily change your guidance or expectations? 
Terry Gregg: It doesnt change our guidance at all. Again, I want to differentiate who we are versus the pump world. The pump world is a $2 billion market. Glucose monitoring is somewhere between $10 billion and $12 billion. We are in the glucose monitoring markets. Our program this year for 2013 is CGM first.  And what that means is because if you look at the U.S. pump market, maybe 28% penetrated. That means theres 60%-plus thats still using injections. We need to move the dynamic that when a patient walks in, regardless of their insulin delivery mechanism, that the physician says, I need to know more about your glucose first.  Because thats really the goal. If you look at the pharmaceutical companies, and all of the billions of dollars that theyre spending on drugs, its all about trying to figure out how to reduce glycemic variability. My god, we do that every day. And so I think weve got to get that point across to the prescribing population to say how important it truly is about glucose. And thats really where were focused. So I dont view the pending approval - thats if they can get approval - sometime later this year as being competitive to us whatsoever. 
Mimi Pham - ABR Healthco: And in terms of the international, the 10% of sales, is the majority of that associated with Vibe, or are you getting a ramp in the standalone gen-4 sales? 
Terry Gregg: Were getting good traction with the standalone, quite happily so. Because thats a tough reimbursement market, and so for the first time, as part of that contribution, were routinely seeing patients willing to pay out of pocket, which is something that is very unusual in a socialized medicine situation where they get all of their supplies for diabetes either from the clinic or certainly reimbursed by the government. But the value proposition is such that many of these patients are electing to pay out of pocket in order to maintain the product on an ongoing basis. 
Mimi Pham - ABR Healthco: And then just last question regarding the share system. Weve heard about their being a strong demand for something like that for a while, from parents. Is this a PMA supplement, or is it an easier FDA path? 
Terry Gregg: No, its going to be a PMA supplement. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Lichtman from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Lichtman - Oppenheimer: Just a couple of pipeline clarifications. In terms of Vibe in the United States, with the change in the structure of the filing, and I dont know if it was a full PMA or a PMA supplement, but if it is a full PMA, does that change your timing of potential by end of year? 
Steve Pacelli: No, statutorily, its 180 days. Look at our performance on the G4 PLATINUM, 177 days. If you look at the Vibe combination, the Vibe system is effectively the G4 PLATINUM with a base 20-20 pump, with some modifications. So you could argue that its basically two approved products, just talking to each other. So I dont think theres anything that gives us reason to believe that its going to be an extended review cycle, even though its classified as a full PMA. 
Stephen Lichtman - Oppenheimer: And then as you do move to gen-5, and recognizing youre already on 4.5, but as you move to 5, do you need to refile with Animus and Tandem? How will that work when that gets through? 
Steve Pacelli: Again, they reference our PMA, but they would need to file a subsequent filing with each sensor iteration that we achieve. That is right. So theyll always be a generation, for some period of time, behind us, while their filing is pending. 
Stephen Lichtman - Oppenheimer: And you havent indicated about gen-5 filing potential, right? In terms of timing? 
Terry Gregg: We didnt give any timelines today, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: A couple of follow up questions here. Do you expect any upgrades in Q1 or Q2? Or has that program been exhausted at this point? 
Kevin Sayer: The $399 program, the in-warranty upgrade, is done. We ended that on January 31. Upgrades of patients out of warranty will occur all year long. And so there will be some. And its always been part of our core business, and will continue to be part of it.  There are a lot of patients who, you know, theyre sitting there in the fourth quarter looking at their insurance dollars, and say, okay, I can pay $399 now, or I can wait until the first quarter, and my copays going to be $275, Im going to wait until the first quarter and go the $275. We gave the patients the option, if they wanted to speed it up, and they wanted to get on the gen-4 system, we gave them the opportunity.  A lot of them chose not to take it. Theyll upgrade throughout the course of the year, and take advantage of their copays and their deductibles and the other things. So we will have upgrades all year. But our goal is very clear. We want everybody on gen-4 before the end of this year. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: So we will some more of those in Q1, because it ended in January 31? 
Kevin Sayer: Yeah, but not many. Not much. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then the development revenues were pretty big in this quarter. Was that Edwards? What was the extra amount that you received in Q4? And then the extra that youre picking up in Q1? 
Steve Pacelli: We did receive additional funding from Edwards in Q4, just like we have in the prior quarters, outside of the development agreement. We expect that, as weve stated before, to really go away in Q1. If we do have any, we dont expect it at this point to be overly significant. And I think you might have heard our comment before, but in Q1, as we sit here today, we expect about $1 million, $1.1 million, in development grant revenue, and then going forward through 2014, expect about $100,000 a quarter. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then on the accounts receivable, you did address it in your opening comments, but a little more clarity. It was a pretty big jump sequentially in year over year, and Im just curious if you could explain that a little. 
Kevin Sayer: Sure. We sold a lot of stuff in December. When you have a quarter that big, as big as our $32 million quarter, compared to $20 million last year, $21 million in Q3, we upped the sales number $9 million, and as is with particularly every quarter Ive been at a diabetes company, December is the biggest month of the year.  So when you just look at straight timing, our receivables grew just based on the business activity, and there was no other reason. Most of those receivables are directly with payers, and were billing and collecting that. First quarter should be a very good collection quarter.  And Bill, wed expect that to go down as we get into the first quarter. And then manage it the same way throughout the other quarters of the year. So theres nothing unusual there, its just a lot of late in the year volume that you just cant get paid on before the years over. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then historically, I think your mix has been 70% non-pumpers, 30% pumpers. Is that mix changing now with G4? Or do you expect that mix change, outside of your partners as we look forward? 
Terry Gregg: That numbers really been 60% pumpers, 40% MDI patients. Obviously as the pumpers come on, we would expect some of that shift to happen, but Im cautious. Because weve been pretty steady state on that ratio for some time, and as Kevin mentioned in one of his comments, with regard to once the Vibe is launched, if you look at the dynamics of that 60%, some 40% plus are already on Animus. About 30% are on Medtronic, the rest on Insulet. Weve got some on Roche, and even some on [Deltec] pumps.  So weve already got a pretty significant share of the Animus population. But going forward, having them promoting the product, yeah, we would like to said earlier an uptick there as well. But I dont think the ratios are going to change all that much. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And as we think of the Animus opportunity, how many pumpers do you think they have, or how big is the pump market in your opinion? And what percent share do you think they have? Same question asked a different way. 
Terry Gregg: Well, I think in the U.S. the pump market is probably somewhere around 400,000 total. My guess is - again, I dont want to speak for Animus. Ive always said, gee, it looks to me like theyve got about 18-20% share of that market. The challenge with the market is its not growing. Its actually, if anything, having a bit of a decline. So if youre not growing, its hard to predict where the share is shifting.  We certainly know that if you listen to Animus, if you listen to Insulet, they seem to be adding pumpers, so that means organic growth isnt growing. That means theyve got to be cannibalizing from Medtronic. If you listen to Tandem, their first three or four months they told us that about 50% of their patients that they put to the t:slim were Medtronic patients, 25% were brand new patients new to pump therapy, the remaining 25% came from cannibalization of Animus and Insulet, Roche and Smith. So I think thats kind of the landscape that we think about going forward. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then as you think of the pediatric label, you submitted for that. If you have approval on that, do you have to wait for that to submit to Animus? Or would that approval for a ped automatically roll onto the Animus? Im just trying to figure this out from a timing standpoint. Are they going to have to basically hold up and wait until you get that ped so they can have the ped label? Because I would assume thats important for them in the U.S.. 
Steve Pacelli: Youre right. Remember, with the Animus Vibe, their clinical trial requirement, if you will, is more what we call a human factors trial. Basically button pushing. Animus will have to do a supplemental human factors trial with pediatric patients, and then file that. And they will have to wait until we receive our approval, so they can reference our approved product. So yeah, there will be a gap. That doesnt mean it holds up the initial Vibe. They will go forward with the initial Vibe filing as soon as possible, now. They wont wait until we get a peds indication. Theyll have to supplement their PMA submission with a peds submission at some point down the road. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then just in my last question, if I look at the Animus deal, the way it is now from a reimbursement standpoint, its great that you have daily reimbursement. They have their reimbursement set up. But as you think about them selling the pumps, and you now have some international experience, but in the U.S., are they going to get the reimbursement approval for the CGM? Are you going to do it? And then how do you get the product to the patient? Has that all been worked out at this point? 
Steve Pacelli: Its a to be determined. Theres a contract in place, but were exploring different ways that we might make it more seamless for the patient. So what I would tell you is table that question until probably the next conference call and well have some more clarity there. 
Terry Gregg: From a reimbursement standpoint, the [unintelligible] codes are established, so there is a mechanism if we got approval tomorrow, as an example, and even this wasnt worked out, its really from a patient convenience standpoint, not from a reimbursement standpoint.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. 
Terry Gregg: So Id like to wrap it up. Needless to say, Im very proud of our accomplishments. There are very few companies with as successful a track record as DexCom. So I look back over my career here, in 2007 we had revenue of less than $5 million. In 2012, that revenue had grown to $93 million. Here we are forecasting revenue of $120 million to $130 million this year. And we believe that we can sustain that 35% plus kind of growth over the next several years. We are the technology leader in the CGM space, and we continue, actually, to extend our lead over the competition. Patients are walking into their physicians offices today and asking for the G4 PLATINUM. We are moving the category from a nice to have to a must have. The DexCom team and I are extremely excited about 2013, and certainly beyond as well. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter Earnings Release Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 I will not turn the call over to Terry Gregg. You may begin. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you operator and thanks for joining us today on our third quarter earnings call for 2012. I am going to ask Steve Pacelli to initiate our call with the Safe Harbor statement. Steve? 
Steven Pacelli: Thanks Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties.
 A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under Risk Factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on our Form 10-Q and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason.
 Terry? 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are, Kevin Sayer, our President; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer and of course Steve Pacelli, our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development.
 Our agenda for todays call is fairly typical. I will provide a brief update on our G4 PLATINUM approval and launch activities. Kevin will review our third quarter 2012 financial results and provide our customary operations update and then I will offer some concluding thoughts.
 So as most of you are aware, on October 5, 2012, we received approval from the Food and Drug Administration to begin commercially marketing the DexCom G4 PLATINUM continuous glucose monitoring system, our fourth generation CGM System. We received approval for a full PMA in just under 180 days,  a credit to the outstanding work of our clinical and regulatory teams and a testament to the collaborative working relationship we have established with FDA over the past several years.
 We believe G4 PLATINUM sets a new standard for performance. It is the most accurate and reliable continues glucose sensor ever commercialized and we believe this sensor system will create an extraordinary patient experience and will drive category adoption of CGM.
 As we mentioned during our G4 PLATINUM Approval Conference Call, we began building both hardware and sensor inventories in the third quarter in anticipation of approval. We began taking orders for G4 PLATINUM immediately. And I am pleased to report that we completed our initial G4 PLATINUM shipments to patients in the U.S. late last week and have commenced full scale order fulfillment this week.
 Our initial focus has been processing orders for new patients, although we expect to begin to upgrade existing SEVEN PLUS users who desire to move to the G4 PLATINUM starting this month. We are working to complete all of our upgrades by the end of 2012.
 The U.S. launch of G4 PLATINUM has generated a higher level of excitement at DexCom than any of our previous commercial launches. As I stated in our call in early October, patients, partner and physician response at the Berlin Meeting of the EASD in early October was exceptional. Growth in our international markets truly reflects this excitement.
 As one would expect our pipeline of new patient opportunities is at the highest level in the history of the company. The number of daily calls into our customer service organization is up over 50% when compared to pre-launch. And while it is too early to determine whether this call volume will be sustained, we are certainly keeping busy processing orders for G4 PLATINUM. In fact, call volume has been so high that our team has had little time to actually process all of the orders.
 Contrast that excitement with the operational challenges of launching a product in the same month that we received approval. For example, we could not even begin to print user guides until we received final approval from FDA, and yes, we immediately announced approval knowing full well that all new SEVEN PLUS kit sales would come to a complete halt while we assembled final G4 PLATINUM kits. Fortunately, our pre-launch planning activities ensured that we will have sufficient inventories to meet patient demand during the quarter. A task made particularly challenging now that we offer multiple color receivers and need the forecast of the appropriate build of colors.
 Aside from patient and clinician excitement, the G4 PLATINUM approval has created much stronger interest than we have ever experienced with potential clinical trial partners; while we have been providing blinded product for clinical trial use for the past several years, we now believe that the clinical segment represents a meaningful business opportunity. For example, a number of pharmaceutical companies have recently suggested to us that CGM is an important tool to demonstrate the effectiveness of future diabetes compounds.
 However, they have expressed a strong dissatisfaction with competitive CGM systems used in prior trials to the point they have ceased using CGM in their studies. We believe our G4 PLATINUM system combined with our sweet spot cloud based data management capabilities and Qualcomm Communications platform will offer a very robust solution to these potential partners and we will be gearing up for this opportunity next year.
 It is important to keep in mind that this is the first new product launch by DexCom in over 3 years. So our field sales force is extremely excited about demonstrating the product to health care providers and I am pleased to hear from numerous physicians and educators that they have been eagerly anticipating the G4 PLATINUM in their practices. Above all, I would like to acknowledge the hard work of the people at DexCom who have made this launch possible.
 Finally, our revenue guidance for 2012 has been $85 million to $92 million for the year and while we don't have a crystal ball for the balance of Q4, in light of what we have seen so far with patient interest in the G4 PLATINUM system, we expect our full year product revenue to land at about the mid-point of our range.
 With that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Kevin Sayer: Thanks, Terry. I will start with the financial update. DexCom generated $21.1 million in product revenue for the third quarter of 2012, compared to $16.7 million for the same quarter in 2011, a $4.4 million or 27% increase. During our G4 PLATINUM approval conference call in early October, we stated that we expected product revenue for Q3, 2012 due to be approximately $22.2 million prior to any adjustments related to our G4 PLATINUM launch and subject to completion of our closing processes.
 After internal analysis and review by independent auditors, it was determined that we should reserve an additional $1.2 million for sales returns related to our 30 day money back guarantee on DexCom hardware. As we discussed during the G4 PLATINUM approval call DexCom has always maintained a 30 day full refund policy on our hardware. As part of our G4 PLATINUM launch, we elected to extend this offer for patients who purchased SEVEN PLUS hardware from September 1 through our G4 PLATINUM announcement date of October 5, while historically very few patients have returned products under the terms of our 30 day money back guarantee, we expect a significant number of patients to take advantage of the offer through exchange for G4 PLATINUM.
 This $1.2 million reserve resulted in a dollar for dollar reduction of product revenue for the quarter. Our product revenue growth for Q3 2012 over Q3 2011 would have been 34% without this increase in the returns reserves. It is also important to note that we plan to recognize most of this reserve as product revenue during the fourth quarter of 2012 as we shift G4 PLATINUM hardware to these patients.
 Sequentially, product revenue for Q3 2012 decreased 2% from the prior quarter. However excluding these additional sales returns reserves, product revenue would have increased 3% sequentially.
 As we stated in our G4 PLATINUM approval call, we believe that many purchase decisions during Q3 were deferred as patients and health care providers anticipated the G4 PLATINUM approval and introductions. Total revenue for the third quarter of 2012 was $23.1 million, compared to $18.3 million during the same quarter in 2011.
 Our product gross profit totaled $7.7 million, generating a gross margin of 36% for Q3 2012, compared to a gross profit of $7.4 million and a gross margin of 45% for the same quarter in the prior year. As we discussed during the G4 PLATINUM approval call, we recorded a number of one-time charges that have negatively affected our gross profit and gross margin for the quarter, specifically we recognize approximately $500,000 in cost of goods sold from SEVEN PLUS hardware we shift in September, where we recognize no revenue related to those shipments due to the increased sales returns reserve discussed previously.
 We also wrote off approximately $2.5 million in excess of obsolete inventory related both to the SEVEN PLUS and the SEVEN PLUS upgradeable product we discussed during the G4 PLATINUM call that we no longer expect to sell, and we shortened the useful life of and recorded additional depreciation expense of approximately $600,000 related to certain fixed assets used for SEVEN PLUS manufacturing and testing.
 Absent these onetime charges, our product gross profit would have been $11.9 million generating a product gross margin of approximately 54%. Sequentially, our product gross profit decreased $2.9 million on decreased sales of $400,000 over the prior quarter and our gross margin decreased 13 margin points. However, excluding the charges we've discussed our product gross profit would have increased $1.3 million; our corresponding gross margin would have increased approximately 5 margin points over the prior quarter.
 Some final thoughts on our revenue and gross profits during Q3. Our split between consumable and durable revenues was again between 70% and 75% consumables and between 20% to 30% durables and the ASP for sensors remained constant while the ASP for our durables was affected slightly by our rebate program for SEVEN PLUS which was offered only during the month of September. Our international business continue to perform well in Q3 accounting for just under 10% of our product revenue in the quarter.
 On the domestic distributor front, our revenue split between direct and distributor business remained consistent with the prior quarter. And with respect to Q4 we expect sales and gross margins to be affected by a number of additional factors related to our G4 PLATINUM launch, including the impact of reversing our sales return reserves, the impact of our $399 in warranty upgrade programs and our manufacturing scale up activities.
 Research and development expense totaled $10.6 million for Q3 of 2012 compared to $8.2 million in Q3 of 2011. The increase primarily resulting from costs associated with our SweetSpot platform, expenses related to our G4 PLATINUM pediatric trial, G4 PLATINUM scale up cost and continued investment in our next generation products. Sequentially, R&D expense remained relatively flat. Selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $15.5 million in Q3 of 2012 compared to $13.2 million during the same quarter in 2011.
 The increase primarily related to sales, marketing and information technology costs to support revenue growth. $600,000 of this year-over-year increase is centered in non-cash share based compensations. Sequentially SG&A expenses remained relatively flat. Our net loss for the third quarter of 2012 totaled $17.3 million and included $6.9 million in non-cash expenses centered in share based compensation, depreciation and amortization as well as $4.2 million in non-cash charges and reserves discussed previously.
 Absent all of these non-cash charges our net loss for the third quarter of 2012 would have been $6.1 million. Our loss per share for the quarter was $0.25 and again absent our one-time charges our loss per share for the quarter would have been $0.19. We ended the quarter with $53.4 million in cash and marketable securities and had working capital of $55.2 million. One additional note regarding the balance sheet, today we entered into a loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank at Oxford Finance that provides a $15 million revolving line of credit and up to a $20 million term loan to be used for general corporate purposes.
 The revolving line of credit is in interest only financing that bears an interest rate equal to the prime rate plus 0.5% and requires repayment of the principle at the maturity date in November of 2015. Under the term loan arrangement, $7 million will be advanced on the funding date and after $13 million and additional funds, will be available upon our request from June 1, 2013 to September 30, 2013.
 The term loan, there is a fixed interest rate equal to the 3 year treasury rate at the time of the advance plus 6.94% and requires payments of interest only for the first year and amortized payments of principal and interest thereafter through the maturity date in November 2016. There are no conversions features or warrants associated with this facility.
 Now, I'll turn to the business updates. Regarding our product pipeline, I am pleased to report that we had completed our pediatric clinical trial we expect to file a PMA supplement in the U.S. and update our CE mark in the EU to obtain an expanded indication for G4 PLATINUM before year-end.
 We're especially excited about the prospects of a pediatric indication that is not only significantly expands the number of endocrinologists we can call in the U.S., we expect to be able to recommend our technology to patients as young as 2 years old which should be a first for CGM.
 On the international front, weve recently received approval in Australia and we expect approval in Canada and India within the next 6 months. We're actively exploring opportunities in China and Japan and other Asian geographies.
 We continue development of the Gen5 system working on an improved applicator combined with a mobile phone interface. We continue to have discussions with the FDA on this front and we believe that DexCom is in a very strong position to become the first Class III medical device to communicate directly to mobile platforms.
 We have already seen several early phase mobile based systems and many of the artificial pancreas programs that display our data on a mobile computing platform and remain very encouraged on this front.
 Shifting to our integration partnerships, Animas continues to commercialize the Animas Vibe system in Europe and it was made abundantly clear to us by the European Physician Community at the AST in Berlin last month that system is being very well received by patients and physicians in the EU.
 With regards to filing for U.S. approval of the Animas Vibe, the work required to modify the system to accommodate G4 PLATINUM in the U.S. has taken slightly longer than expected, but we believe we will complete all development and system testing and be in a position to file early next year.
 We are pleased to note that our newest partner, Tandem Diabetes Care reported their first commercial shipments during Q3. We are actively working with Tandem to accelerate our development efforts and are nearing completion of our feasibility assessment of incorporating G4 PLATINUM into the Tandem system.
 We are optimistic that feasibility will be successful and hope to be in a position to define our path forward with G4 PLATINUM before the end of the year.
 Finally on the Edwards front, work on the second generation in hospital glucose monitoring system is near complete and as Edwards mentioned in their recent earnings call, they expect to obtain a CE mark for the second generation GlucoClear system before the end of 2012.
 I would now like to turn the call back over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. We created the G4 PLATINUM CGM system with the customer in mind through a series of customer surveys and regular CIM outreach and dialogue. One could consider our approach to crowd sourcing from people with diabetes with a focus on the consumer experience influencing our design.
 It is certainly a sleek slender design for discretion and portability to meet an active lifestyle. When incorporated customized tones and melodies for alert to glucose levels and increased the wireless transmission distance by some 4X to improve data capture, particularly around the house. But we are glucose sensor technologists and the best in the world. We improved the overall accuracy by approximately 20% and by 30% in the hypoglycemia range. Hyper detection, sensor precession and sensor longevity will all improve resulting in exceptional sensor stability and accuracy over time. So that from start to finish sensitive sensor, our customers can expect extremely consistent performance. Initial customer reactions to wearing the product has met or exceeded our expectations. The blogs are filled with positive comments regarding the accuracy, durability, convenience and user friendliness of the G4 PLATINUM.
 We are now replacing the SEVEN PLUS systems with G4 PLATINUM in the artificial pancreas trials. So you should expect to see those results as early as next week at the diabetes technology meeting in Bethesda.
 I said it before the launch and I am more convinced than ever that the G4 PLATINUM is transformational and the utilization,  understanding and uptake of CGM as a critical component of diabetes care. We are truly answering the promise of CGM.
 Thank you and operator, we will turn it over for question and answer. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Ben Andrew of William Blair. 
Ben Andrew: Terry, I think I missed the number on the upgrade number and timing that you gave early on, can you repeat that and kind of talk through how quickly you think you can get everybody upgraded that perhaps wants to in the first phase? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes the upgrade, we didn't give you an actual upgrade number but we are starting to identify that now and begin to ship out. Our goal Ben, is to complete that by the end of this year, so by the end of December. 
Ben Andrew: And do you have a sense of what percentage of patients are likely to do that. I know that's what you are trying to figure out but that would be awfully aggressive to get SEVEN PLUS mostly shutdown by the end of the year, wouldn't it? 
Terrance Gregg: No, no, this is upgrade so you've got to look at those. The upgrade program is for those patients who are in warranty and we provide them an upgrade for $399. Then the next group are patients that are out of warranty and they would be responsible for the whole initial new starter kit. So we've just looked at, so the number is not as big as you think it is from that standpoint.
 We certainly have a number of immediate requests of those patients wanting to upgrade for $399 in particular. We are addressing first the brand new patients and that was my number of increase in calls of over 50% versus our pre-launch number of patient calls coming in but again our goal is to address obviously both of those segments but first the new patients followed by the upgrade patients. 
Ben Andrew: Okay. Do you have any better sense of what chunk of existing patients are going to want to switch to this? I know your goal is ultimately to get people over there, but is it timing; do you have a timeframe in mind when you want to get people off of SEVEN PLUS one way or the other? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, our timeframe would be as soon as possible so we could shut down SEVEN PLUS. I don't have the optics; remind the audience we've been now shipping for less than 2 weeks. Our phones are ringing off the hook and there is a lot of moving parts right now obviously we will try to give clarity as soon as we can, but right now we don't have the kind of optics that I think you are looking for. 
Ben Andrew: Okay. And then Terry any, you gave some good commentary on the pediatric indication and maybe that was commented on, but did you update the timing there or is that still on track for kind of mid 2013? 
Terrance Gregg: Our belief is its on track for that mid 2013, the commitment that we made to the organization and actually the team made to FDA in a face-to-face meeting recently, that we would file that with the agency before the end of the year like any PMA supplement statutorily, they have a 180 days to review and complete. We are hopeful that based on the fact that this is a supplement to data that they are really looking at the clinical aspects of it. Obviously, not the degree of numbers of more than 9,000 matched pair points that we had with the adult trial and we are not doing the rigor of having to do intravenous blood sampling of these patients, but they should be able to look at that in straight order, and I know that they are very interested in expediting this. They are very happy when we told them that the trial was complete. 
Ben Andrew: Okay, and finally, Kevin any new learnings relative to manufacturing as you start ramping more aggressively with the new product or things that are on track there? 
Kevin Sayer: Every day there are new learnings towards manufacturing, but yields are getting better on a weekly basis on our center lines. We turned everything on full blast and we talked about during the call, full scale as we are getting approval. So we learn a bit every day but things are going well. I guess, one of the more interesting learning experiences, Terry talked about the mix of colors, figuring out how many people wanted to buy our receiver thats call Tickled Pink; its been a learning experience for us. Weve had pretty good demand on the color front. So it's all been good. No major surprises. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Gunderson of Piper Jaffray. 
Thomas Gunderson: The same kind of question Ben asked on Animas, you said slight delay in early 2013, do you think there is still a reasonable possibility or probability that you could have this finished by ADA? 
Steven Pacelli: Yes Tom, this is Steve again, with that 180 day timeframe, I think the answer is possibility, probably not probability I would say, if we get this filed very early in the first quarter of next year. I think there is still an outside chance. I think its definitely what we committed to you previously was the second half of next year, stretchable, trying to get to ADA and I think thats still our plan. We just without rehashing all the old details, as we move from the old what was Gen-4 to the G4 PLATINUM, we had to do some systems upgrading on their side and we just have to get through the final system validation, verification testing and literally just then get the paper work done. 
Thomas Gunderson: Got it and then on Tandem, I think the original agreement was for Gen-5 to go along with Tandem and you are talking about Gen-4. Do you think, is that something that we should plan or is that still in the negotiation stage? 
Steven Pacelli: Actually, from a business perspective, there is no real negotiation. Weve already agreed with Tandem that if we collectively can prove that its feasible,  what I mean by that is you will remember that Gen-5 architecture is much simpler to integrate with potential partners because all of the intelligence resides in the transmitter. So with Gen-4 the partners required to actually put some additional hardware into their [indiscernible] in this case the durable pump; were just at the final stages of feasibility testing to make sure for example, that the transmitter can communicate appropriately from send and receive the RF signal is a best example. We are very, very close to kind of final sign off the both engineering teams that the G4 PLATINUM system will work inside the Tandem pump; we have built actual prototype pumps and we are testing them today. So I think the answer is, the high likelihood, I dont want to tell for your sure, but its a high likelihood that the Tandem will move to the Gen-4 really because they are looking to accelerate their entre into CGM. 
Thomas Gunderson: One more partner question and then a quick customer service question, and that would be on the partner side, Steve, any update on Insulet and combining Gen-4 with their next generation? 
Steven Pacelli: Yes not really an update; there is nothing, at this point nothing going on there. 
Thomas Gunderson: And then Terry a customer service question, when you say 50% increase from pre-launch, post launch can you give me a sense of that because you also said that maybe people were waiting for Gen-4, maybe customer service calls were lesser in advance of this; sp what kind of calls were you getting relative to what you are setup for? And the second part of that question would be, do you need to temporarily boost labor there to handle the calls? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, my comment of 50% was greater than on average of what we are experiencing and that was, although we believe that there was a decision by physicians and patients not that there was a belief, we actually were told that by both constituents that they were waiting. We certainly, if you just look at the growth of the business, we have continued to build that customer base in anticipation all along. So we didn't see any dramatic fall off from that customer call pattern. And we continued as part of that call pattern to customer service to fulfill the sensor orders as well and the more starter kits that we put in the market, the more sensors that we also put into the market, so I would say that this 50% increased was truly a dramatic increase as a first part.
 Second part, I try to caution the audience by saying we are not sure if that's going to be sustainable or not. We have not seen any big drop off, but again we are really 3 weeks into this and so we don't know, we just don't have the optics on what November is going to look like as an example and then of course we again we go into December which is always our largest month regardless and that's kind of a DME experience for all parties in that world.
 Your third question regarding, do we need to staff up. We are monitoring that, we do have the ability to do some shifting and if you look at kind of the way we train people, we like to have expansive training in the customer service for the patient level, we can shift resources as necessary even involving tech services, one of the beauties of the SEVEN PLUS is that we've seen the number of calls to tech services go down over the year. And we certainly expect that to further decrease in tech services because Gen4 is a better product. And so we can shift some of those resources if necessary. So I think we certainly don't want to add to it unnecessarily in terms of the cost component, but we literally monitor the number of ops coming in every single day and make adjustments for the next day. 
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Plovanic of Cannacord. 
William Plovanic: Just a couple of questions, one, you gave an update on Edwards, I think you talked about, did you say the Gen2 is near completion and CE before year end 12, is that were you referring to the U.S. as well, when you say the Gen2 is complete. 
Terrance Gregg: The product is complete, the timeline for approval is just for CE mark approval before the year end. 
William Plovanic: And any update on the U.S. for Edwards? 
Terrance Gregg: I don't have an estimate for the U.S. timeline at this point. Quite frankly we are still somewhat waiting on the FDA to weigh in as to what the acceptable approval criteria would be in terms of performance for the system. And that's something, that's going to be 2013 discussions with the agency is my guess. 
William Plovanic: Okay, and then just as you kind of move through these onetime charges, I don't think you quantified any for Q4,  I was wondering if you could do that and then will all of this have been washed through as we complete 2012? 
Kevin Sayer: Bill we don't see any one time charges coming in Q4. We believe we dealt with everything now and that was our plan, and so we believe it will all wash through and as Terry said earlier its our goal to get all those upgrades in the system on the end warranty program and also those in the 30 days that we exchange, to try and get all that out of the system in the fourth quarter as well so we can get any effect on margins washed out with that here in Q4 and move forward with a clean slate. 
William Plovanic: Given that we're moving over to new product, can you provide any color on what you think Q4 gross margin will be? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, as I said in my remarks, there is a whole bunch of things affecting them. I mean as you walk through it, we've got $399 in warranty upgrade program for hardware. Obviously the margins on that it's not going to be real goods. So that will effect negatively. Conversely we have a whole bunch of manufacturing volume going on. That will effect positively and we know Gen4 sensors cost less to build than the SEVEN PLUS sensors. So to the extent we can shift over that, we will have a positive impact. We got a whole bunch of factors going in every which direction Bill. So I wouldn't give any more color than saying just, it's going to be an interesting quarter. 
Jess Roper: I will say mostly good and even though in warranty upgrade program to the extent we sell $399 hardware, we're still selling sensors to those people with very positive margin. So we look for a good quarter Bill, not for bad one. 
William Plovanic: Okay, on the 10-day trial and labeling, where are you on that? 
Terrance Gregg: I think we are still in planning stages from what that should look like in, as Ive said previously and I am sure Kevin and Steve have said previously at a variety of meetings, so here is the landscape. As you remember, Gen4 PLATINUM has actually taken a membrane from Gen5 and moving it backwards. That's why it was brand new PMA. But we didnt stop all of the work from Gen5 on the hardware. So on Gen5 there is 2 new components basically one is a new applicator and one is putting the brains from the receiver into the transmitter.
 So I think as you look at 10 days, they are going to marry up from a standpoint thats probably going to be a Gen5 moving forward with a 10 day trial, and part of it is these trials are not inexpensive. So if you look at the Gen4 pivotal trial its probably $2.5 million and you add another pediatric portion to that and I dont know what that final number 
Jess Roper: Certainly over $1 million. 
Terrance Gregg: Okay, so you are looking at $3.5 million. We want to do that once, not twice. So I think from that standpoint and the fact that in this Gen4 PLATINUM approval there was no requirement at this point from the agency to cause patients to actually remove the transmitter for a restart, and so they will use it as they so desire way - obviously we would like them to use it at the labeled indication of 7 days. But we do have it in our 2013 planning schedule. 
William Plovanic: Okay, so just in [indiscernible] that the whole concept of longer label is going to be more focused on the Gen5 than the Gen4? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes. 
William Plovanic: Okay. And then last question then I am jumping off is, you have the $15 million revolver and the $20 million term loan. I think the commentary was on the term loan you gave us the interest rate,  no warrants was there only warrants on the revolver? 
Jess Roper: No warrants no dilution Bill. 
Kevin Sayer: No dilution on anything. 
Operator: Our next question is from John Putnam of Capstone Investments. 
John Putnam: Terry, can you talk about the economics of those plans that are not under warranty going from SEVEN PLUS to Gen4, what will it cost them to convert? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, basically they are going to, my expectations number one,  they would use up their SEVEN PLUS sensors. So there is no new cost factor from that standpoint. So what they are going to be looking at is an upgrade to the disposable, I mean to the hardware durable both the starter kit and the transmitter.
 As we have mentioned before, our average selling price is a little north of $800. So if they are within there and whatever their plan is and majority of our patients have an 80-20 plan. So from an out-of-pocket standpoint, they are probably looking under $200 out-of-pocket for the starter kit and then the standard of what they are paying relative to the sensors, there was no increase in the cost of sensors. 
John Putnam: Okay, so you don't believe that you will have to incentivize them to convert? 
Terrance Gregg: No, we are not expecting that to be a scenario, in fact even on the - those that were in warranty, we long debated whether or not we should provide an upgrade but again, part of our motivation and Kevin alluded to it, or the fact that we need to get patients into the Gen4 format sooner rather than later because if you just think about the growth of Gen4 we are making more margin on the sensors and that means that we are going to make less margin on the SEVEN PLUS sensors as we go forward. And so at some point, we need to get everybody converted over. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Ben Haynor of Feltl & Company. 
Ben Haynor: First off, what percentage of the people who are eligible for the 30 day return policy have taken advantage of it now? 
Terrance Gregg: We are not going to disclose that. Some have filed, we haven't shipped anything to those patients yet but what we did Ben is we came up with an estimate of how many we thought would based upon what we've experienced in the past and that's the reserve that we recorded and so nobody has got a thing yet. We have had quite a few people request it but not all of them and certainly not close to what we've provided for in our reserves yet. 
Ben Haynor: And then kind of a big picture question, you guys mentioned that the blog posts we picked up on our surveys as well, increasing discussion on CPM particularly your Gen4, where do you believe that U.S. penetration is at currently and then I am wondering where you think or how closely are to that tipping point where you really see the adoption accelerate? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I still think we are in that 6% to 7% penetration as a category. I do believe now that we'll reach that whatever that magical point is. I have always said its around 8% or 9% within the next 12 months. Based on and in fact, I have been pleasantly surprised more than I thought I would be with the Gen4. We knew it from a technological standpoint that it was an advanced sensor, accuracy, things of that nature. But I think we didnt or we underestimate, didnt anticipate some of the features and benefits that would be highly desirable by patients and that may in fact drive it to a greater degree and faster.
 Based on some of the comments that we're getting back from our field sales people of their ability to get into accounts and drive some of the interest at accounts that were somewhat resistant for its cumbersome and things of that nature that the slimness and things of that nature of the receiver as an example our extended connectivity are really attributes that are more desirable at the consumer level than we anticipated. 
Ben Haynor: Okay great. Thats helpful and then just one more and I'll jump off. What's the most popular color? 
Terrance Gregg: Still black. We are running right now, I think we're running 50, 25, 25. 
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Terry Gregg. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you and I would like to close with a couple of real life experiences with the G4 PLATINUM just over the last couple of weeks that have come in to us. This is from both the health care sector as well as from patients. As an example, we had one resistant physician whose only objection to our CGM was lack of integration with a pump and thats not uncommon but upon seeing the receiver and accuracy of the G4 stated, integration doesnt matter anymore and gave our sales rep a list of 10 patients to initiate contact with regarding CGM.
 So we look at that and we say imagine the day when we're able to transmit directly to a Smartphone with our next generation. We truly opened the opportunities. We have also heard from both patients and physicians that G4 will enable them to use CGM first before moving to pumps. If they move to pumps at all and this has been our philosophy and our marketing message. So it is nice to see that kind of attraction. And finally, from a parent with a family member playing a soccer game, the highlight of the game was his ability to hold his son's monitor the entire game and keep track of his glucose due to the extended range of connectivity. He added, there is a helplessness of watching your kid play an innocent game worrying if he got his insulin correct. And these are the things that I was just talking with Ben about that these are some of the intangibles that are really tangible in terms of driving market awareness and adoption.
 So this is the power of the G4 PLATINUM and these experiences validate what we are trying to achieve and particularly over the next 3 years as you see this innovation move into a consumer world of how we view the glucose monitoring world. So with that I will close and say thank you very much for your participation today. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-06 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the second quarter earnings release call. My name is Monica, and I will be operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 I would now turn the call over to Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you, operator, and thanks for all of you joining us on the call today. As is our usual and customary process, Im going to ask Steve Pacelli to read our Safe Harbor statement. 
Steven Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under the section of Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Repost on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason. Terry? 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President; Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steven, his new role as our Executive Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. As our company grows our needs naturally will evolve. And as we expand our footprint globally, Steve will be responsible for the business development and strategy that are required to commercialize our platform internationally. His new title reflects that focus. Additionally, as you all know we used partnerships to expand the awareness and benefits of CGM as a critical tool in the management of diabetes and glycemic variability.
 Today we have 4 insulin pump partnerships in various stages of development and a critical care program with Edwards life sciences. Managing these relationships is a very demanding and ever. I have also asked Steve to focus his efforts in this area by leading our participation on the steering committees that govern these partnerships. Steve will continue to lead our Investor Relations, as well as our Legal and Intellectual Property Groups.
 Before we review our second quarter 2012 financial results and provide our customary operation update. I would like to spend a few minutes updating investors on the status of our Gen4 submission. As we disclosed during our Q1 earnings conference call in May, we filed a PMA with the Food and Drug Administration at the end of the first quarter, seeking approval of our Gen4 system. Within a matter of days, FDA launched an interactive review of our submission, which has continued for the past several months.
 Additionally in mid-July, FDA visited our manufacturing facility to conduct the Gen4 PMA audit in addition to our bi-annual quality system inspection technique review. And Im pleased to report that we concluded the audit with no findings or formal observations. We believe we remain on track for an approval of Gen4 before the year end and of course Im hopeful we will obtain approval sooner.
 I would now like to turn the call over Kevin Sayer. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. Ill start with the financial update. DexCom generated $21.5 million in product revenue for the second quarter of 2012, compared to $15.2 million for the same quarter in 2011, a $6.3 million or 42% increase. Our split between consumable and durable revenues was between 70% to 75% consumable and between 25% to 30% on the durable side.
 ASPs for sensors remain consistent and ASPs for our hardware remains consistent. On a gross basis, however, over the first half of the year, we offered a $200 rebate to all of our customers purchasing new hardware. The effect of this rebate based upon actual redemption activity was an offset of approximately $200,000 to sales for Q2.
 Our international business continue to perform well in Q2 and were pleased to report that we initiated the first of the limited phase of our Gen4 launch in Europe and we will continue to introduce Gen4 and other European countries over the coming months.
 On the domestic distributor front our split between direct and distributor business remains consistent with the prior quarter. And as a reminder all of our international business is through third-party distribution. Let me remind you once again only 2 domestic distributors stock our starter kits and all others participate in our drop ship program. With respect to sensors, the distributors carry less than 1 months inventory, more like 2 to 3 weeks.
 On the international side, our distributor credit terms are very tight and often require significant upfront payments for product. Given those terms, the international distribution channel inventory levels are also very low. Sequentially, product revenue for Q2 of 2012 increased 16% from the prior quarter. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2012 was $23.5 million, compared to $21.4 million during the same quarter in 2011.
 I would again remind investors that in Q2 2011, we received a $4 million milestone payment from Animas based on CE Mark Approval of device. Our product gross profit totaled $10.6 million, generating a gross margin of 49% for Q2 2012 compared to gross profit of $6.8 million and a gross margin of 45% for the same quarter in the prior year. Sequentially, our product gross profit increased $1.6 million on increased sales of $2.9 million over the prior quarter. Our gross margin remained relatively flat versus Q1.
 Our product gross margin was slightly lower than anticipated and was due primarily to greater than anticipated write-offs of obsolete components and materials relating to the discontinuation of our SEVEN PLUS hardware line internationally. After these charges and the ASP effects of our rebate, our gross margin would have been approximately 51%.
 Research and development expense totaled $10.5 million for Q2 of 2012 compared to $7.0 million in Q2 of 2011. The increase primarily the result of development costs associated with our SweetSpot platform and continued investment in our next generation products.
 Sequentially, R&D expense increased approximately 8%, again primarily due to higher development costs related to our SweetSpot platform including $300,000 of cash expenses and $800,000 of non-cash charges related to the SweetSpot acquisition.
 For the balance of 2012, we will focus our quarterly R&D expenses on completing preparations for our Gen4 launch. Our Gen4 pediatric trial continuing to develop our platform to obtain an extended durability claim for Gen4, continuing to expand our SweetSpot platform and furthering our Gen5 efforts.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $15.4 million in Q2 2012, compared to $12.2 million during the same quarter in 2011. The increase was due to 2 factors. An increase in non-cash charges of approximately $800,000 primarily centered in share-based compensation and additional expenses related to increase selling and marketing costs to support revenue growth.
 Sequentially, SG&A expense remained relatively flat. Our net loss for the second quarter of 2012 totaled $14.7 million and includes $7.1 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share-based compensation and the loss for the quarter was $0.21 per share.
 We ended the quarter with $62 million in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities and have working capital of $67 million. We evaluate our balance sheet on an ongoing basis and we continue to believe we are adequately capitalized to support our business operations. Finally, we remain committed to our guidance of estimated full year 2012 product revenue ranging from $85 million to $92 million.
 One final financial update based on advice from our outside tax advisors. We do not expect the medical device tax to have an impact on our business based on draft IRS guidance.
 We believe that virtually all, if not all of our products are exempt from the tax based upon the retail device carve out, which defines the retail device as one that is regularly available for purchase and use by individual consumers who are not medical professionals and designed such that it is not primarily intended for use in a medical institution or office by a medical professional.
 Now I will provide an update on the product pipeline. As Terry discussed at the outset of the call, we couldnt be more pleased with the progress we are seeing out of FDA on our Gen4 submission. We are also pleased to note that in June we received CE Mark approval for Gen4 and have commenced commercialization of this system in several countries in Europe.
 We have initiated our pediatric trial for Gen4. Although the product protocol agreed to with the FDA is more comprehensive than we initially expected in terms of total number of patients and number of in-clinic days, we are still targeting completion of pediatric trials before year-end. Were also working hard on a new algorithm for Gen4, which we believe will not only further enhance performance, but will enable an extended durability claim as we look to conduct a clinical trial to seek such a claim during the first half of next year.
 We continue to explore the potential of reducing the need for sensor calibration without materially affecting the performance of Gen4 and we are evaluating the clinical and regulatory strategy related thereto. As we stated previously, our long-term goal as a continuous glucose sensing company is to eliminate altogether the need for patients to take fingersticks and we believe we are making significant progress towards realizing that goal.
 Currently we are making good progress in our cloud-based information management effort to SweetSpot. SweetSpots current 510(k) clearance allows for the upload and analysis of data derived from any FDA cleared blood glucose meter and we had our first face to face meeting with the FDA in July to define the regulatory path to include CGM, an insulin pump data as part of our cloud-based platform.
 Finally Ill provide an update on our partnerships. Shifting to our integration partnerships, Anamis continues to commercialize the Vibe system in Europe but our understanding is the system is being well received by patients and physicians. With regard to the filing of the PMA supplement for U.S. approval of the Vibe, our timing is largely dependent on the speed with which FDA processes our Gen4 filing. So we hope to be in a position to file before year-end. Although somewhat earlier in the development cycle, we continue to see nice progress on both the Roche and the Tandem integration products.
 Finally on the Edwards front, work on the second generation in-hospital glucose monitoring system is near complete and as Edwards mentioned in the recent earnings call, they expect to obtain a CE Mark for the second generation GlucoClear system before the end of 2012.
 Id now like to turn the call over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. You know the second quarter is always an exciting time for Dexcom. For in June of each year, we had to the annual scientific sessions meeting of the American Diabetes Association. This years meeting in Philadelphia was no exception. We kicked off the meeting on Friday evening with an overview of our Gen4 pivotal trial data, presented by our Medical Director, Dr. David Price, as part of an oral presentation on factors to be considered when evaluating a study reporting CGM data.
 Dr. Price educated the audience on how to care about CGM data by outlining key questions to be asked of investigators, including C-calibration. What was the frequency of calibration, was it prospective or retrospective, was it performed by trial subjects or by clinical staff, and what was the reference used? Blood glucose meters, laboratory instrument? A for analytical techniques, was the sample size adequate to draw conclusions, was the data presented as mean relative difference, mean absolute relative difference or median absolute relative difference. And was Clark air grid A zone distinguished from Clark air grid AMB zones. R for range, was the range of glucose values appropriate, and was the rate of change of glucose values reflected.
 And finally E, for excluded data, or outlier values, outlier sensors or other data excluded. Check and ask yourself why is Dr Prices message so important? Well, imagine the GPS system in your car, or even your speedometer showing you your position or speed 15 to 25 minutes ago. What value is that to you? You need current information in order to take action and CGM systems must display critical, accurate and real-time information to the patient or in the case of hospital-based products to the healthcare professional to be an effective tool.
 Surely after Dr. Prices presentation, we saw for the first time a presentation by independent researchers comparing our Gen4 sensor, currently being reviewed by the FDA to the in-light sensor technology and a direct head-to-head comparison. As expected, the Gen4 demonstrated superior accuracy to the in-light sensor. And as a result of this data presentation, DexCom was besieged by the various artificial pancreas investigators from across the globe requesting the Gen4 technology for their ongoing studies.
 Of course, as an investigational device we turn to FDA to seek their collaboration on behalf of researchers and patients involved in these AP Studies and we are pleased to note that FDA has swiftly responded to and allow inclusion of Gen4 in these studies and the switch by investigators to be made expeditiously and efficiently. The importance of prospective real time unblinded CGM as an effective tool in managing diabetes continues to gain momentum.
 At the recent Keystone Conference, Dr. Robert Ratner, the Chief Scientific Officer of the American Diabetes Association went so far as to conclude that blinded retrospective CGM has no place in diabetes, his view was supported from the podium by key opinion leaders such as Dr. Irl Hirsch and Dr. Jay Skyler.
 In a recent publication, in diabetes technology and therapeutics reported the lack of any glycemic improvement in both type I and type II patients in a study evaluating retrospective, blinded CGM in a 102 type I and type II patients over the course of 10 months.
 Finally, Im pleased to note that 2 recent independent surveys conclude that DexCom is the market leader in the category and continues to gain share sequentially. We remain keenly focused on the patient, designing, developing and delivering advanced technology products that are considered first-in-class, yet are simple and convenient for patients to use. Our market share gains and company growth are a testament to that philosophy and execution. Diabetes is challenging. Our goal is to be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
 With that, I will open up the call to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ben Andrew of William Blair. 
Todd Bosse: This is Todd in for Ben today. My first question is on the international side. Could you guys give some color on like how much European operations are contributing to the business right now? And where you see that going like in the next year or so? 
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. Right now, we said its approaching 10% in our comments and so its getting up to that level. We see it continuing to grow. But again it still remained a fraction of what were doing as a total basis right now. We see it picking up steam over time. 
Todd Bosse: Then maybe some comments on how the like reimbursement environment is going over in Europe? Do you see any changes to that within the past year or 6 months? 
Kevin Sayer: Its still pretty tough. Theres not a lot of approval for standalone CGM. What is happened over there and Terry has spent a lot more time with these international doctors than I have. The product is working so well that its gaining acceptance and physicians are buying and using it. Do you want to add to that? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I think for the first time were beginning to see a more U.S type of payment out of pocket by individuals. And the way, in which the product gets distributed from our distributor generally to a clinic, it goes within the clinic budget and physicians then prescribe it to the patients. But were beginning to see the first signs again the traction particularly Gen4 as technology adoption patients are now willing to pay out of pocket. And there are a number of programs where there is some limited reimbursement and certainly, weve got dossiers on files as we go through that iterative process with those different funds. 
Todd Bosse: Just one last question. Could you guys comment on any trends that you saw as far as the attrition rates and utilization rates in the first half of the year? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, its our standard practice not to comment on attrition rates and we continue to subscribe to that. It is difficult for us to actually nail that down as weve said on multiple calls only from a standpoint that off-label use does occur and it is hard for us to narrow down exactly how long a patient is using the product. We rate the blogs like everybody else and we see it anywhere from its reported 7 days, which we refer for all the way to 30 days. So it's very difficult. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gunderson of Piper Jaffray. 
Thomas Gunderson: Maybe the same question asked in a different way, but maybe you can give a little bit more color, Terry, on consumer behavior. You and your team are talking to your customers a lot. The back office people are talking to them. Have you noticed anything either since Q1 or maybe even in 2012 that shows any change one way or the other on behavior on CGM holidays or re-order rates or anything in that category? 
Terrance Gregg: No, Tom. We really haven't. I mean it has been status quo. We are dialing down into a customer relations effort to gain more information, and again it becomes very difficult to narrow that down in terms of the "reorder patterns" and it depends on the payor for that particular patient, if they are willing to allow a patient to order 1 box or 2 boxes or 3 boxes. Each additional box gets tougher for us to try to analyze how soon patients would use the product or in fact, as you described, if theyre taking a holiday, we see certainly -- and it gets -- as we look at the kind of external analysis that are available to us. And again, we have to always be mindful that these responders are typical, the most aggressive in the way in which they treat their diabetes. We see no pattern change in them. In one session, however long that may be and they immediately start another session and many of them will comment that I can live without my pump, I cant live without my sensor. So from that standpoint no, we havent seen any real change. 
Thomas Gunderson: And then, is there -- last time we talked, I think you thought you were going to pay the medical device tax. Now youre not. Is there anything that changed other than a draft IRS document and an accountant that wrote his name on it? 
Steven Pacelli: Yes, this is Steve. No. I actually -- I dont think we were specific that we were going to have to pay for... I think our comments were very reserved previously because we were waiting for our outside advisors to get the report done. So I dont think it is a chance. I think obviously its a pleasant outcome for us, but I dont think its a change in position. 
Thomas Gunderson: And then, last question also international, but Terry youve been travelling outside of Europe. Is there any advances that we should start to be paying attention to in the BRIC countries? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, certainly, unfortunately diabetes is a global epidemic and its fastest rate growth is outside U.S., outside Europe and certainly looking at the BRIC countries. We are, I would classify, deep in discussions with a number of distributors. Everything we do outside the U.S. will be through a distributor network as to what is our best solution, who has the biggest footprint in the space and also the regulatory acumen to get us through the various regulatory agencies that were going through. I would say the first on our list and the closest we are to launch would be India sometime yet this year. Then you look at China and Japan, would be 2013 from that standpoint. And there are obviously some countries in South America that look like they have enough economic where with all to begin that process as well. 
Operator: We have Bill Plovanic of Canaccord on line. 
William Plovanic: So just any commentary on the Roche SEVEN PLUS how theyre doing with that? 
Terrance Gregg: You know what Bill, we started up in the first quarter and the programs going it has not had a material impact to our revenues yet. Relationships are starting to be made and in the field with our reps and the Roche reps too early to tell or make a call on the program. 
William Plovanic: And is there any commentary or color you could give, I mean in terms of the sequential cadence of the patients over the past few quarters? 
Terrance Gregg: Sequential cadence, you mean patient growth? 
William Plovanic: Yes. 
Terrance Gregg: No, where we kind of dialed down on disclosures, as far as numbers between kits and hardware and stuff. So no, a bit surprising to say where were comfortable of where we are. 
William Plovanic: And then any update on the Gen4 manufacturing? Just where are you? How many lines? How much can you make? How is that coming along? 
Kevin Sayer: You know what Bill, we started off the year, we were going to start with 1 manufacturing line and go that way and we made the decision and in the first quarter we needed to build another one. And part of the CapEx that you see is the equipment related to another Gen4 manufacturing line, 1 is up, the other one is near completion of being up and were fine tuning some of those processes. So well have the volumes that we need to launch this thing in a very big way. And so were quite well. We can certainly support what were selling in Europe and what we need with our clinical studies. Weve not turned on the switch to produce thousands of sensors today yet and nor going to be prudent to do so, until we see approvals right around the corner. 
William Plovanic: And do you still feel comfortable with the gross margins getting into the 70%, 75% as we get your full manufacturing going? 
Kevin Sayer: Absolutely. And thats going to be a function of volumes as well, but we think the cost profile of the Gen4 sensor will be much better in SEVEN PLUS over time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Cooley of Stephens. 
Christopher Cooley: Could you may be just explain or give us some update on the pediatric trial both in terms of its, the indications? And how youre managing that process of still waiting for the Gen4 approval? I mean, obviously when that trial wraps, I am just kind of curious how youre managing those processes dually? And then I have a quick follow up. 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, well we had been encouraged by the Food and Drug Administration to initiate the clinical trials and pediatrics as soon as possible. Following our submission, we did, it was as Kevin mentioned in his comments getting down to the degree of specificity that the agency wanted to see in a protocol. There is a lot of back and forth particularly as we go down in age group to very young patients. There is sensitivity obviously from the investigators as to what they're willing to do. We need samples, but certainly can't be looking at venous samples as an example out of a very young population, of course agency asked us to look at that younger population knowing that quite frankly, which we had advised them that the product has been used in literally month old patients off-label, but again thats the discretion of the attending physician how he or she chooses to use a product for the benefit of their patients. So it was an iterative process and now once we got the protocol signed off on by the agency, we already had several pediatric sites that we had chosen, went to the IRB process with them and as Kevin again mentioned, we have started enrolling patients in the first of those clinical trial sites. 
Christopher Cooley: And I apologize if I missed this in the prepared remarks. But Kevin, I think when you walked through the development partnership agreement you touched on Animas, Roche, Tandem and Edwards I missed Insulet if there was in there, could you give us an update on that? 
Kevin Sayer: We dont have any development work going on with Insulet right now. We know they are very focused on their next-generation product and I think when they work that out I think we will resume discussions. So thats where that is. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Swann. 
Danielle Antalffy: Just focusing on gross margins again and the impact of the transition to Gen4. You had some impact internationally, a pretty meaningful impact on the gross margin front. So I just wanted to get a sense of, could you remind us how long you expect the transition to take once you do get approval and what we should sort of expect on the gross margin side in the first few quarters post launch? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, there is a lot of transitioning going on as we launch because well still be manufacturing SEVEN PLUS sensors for at least a 12-month period to support the patients who have hardware within warranty. Production of the SEVEN PLUS Sensors will go down over that period of time. Nevertheless, well have to support 2 manufacturing lines. On top of that well be transitioning to the Gen4 hardware platform, and so well have that start-up earning as well. So I think youve got a few quarters of margins that will go up as our volumes go up and as we get more efficient with Gen4 manufacturing offset by cost related to the transition in having to run 2 lines. Were running 2 lines today. We are running a very limited scale line on Gen4, because we are manufacturing product clinical studies for Europe right now, while the remainder of manufacturing is on SEVEN PLUS. The impact in this quarter related primarily to the hardware. We cannot sell under the EU guidelines, the old SEVEN PLUS hardware anymore. The communication protocol was no longer valid. So we had some left and we worked it down to a relatively small number. Given the size of our company, we wrote that off and took that charge. And so, well see how it goes over the next year. A lot of it depends on timing, Danielle. How much of the SEVEN PLUS we work down and how quickly we launch Gen4. 
Danielle Antalffy: And then, lastly, just on the competitive front, we saw a very small data set from a competitor. This was of course an in-hospital product, but the accuracy looked pretty good. So I just wanted to get your guys perspective on the competitive front going forward. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, this is Terry. We look at the competitive front really from the products offered by Medtronic and their [indiscernible] sensor we did head-to-head by Dr. Russell and Dr. Damiano out of Mass General and we were obviously pleased at ADA with the outcome of that showing us to be far superior. I think youre referring to the in-hospital. They presented at ADA and I think it gave us a glimpse into how really truly early stage they are. They finally came forward with acknowledging that on that particular presentation and technology, they had to do confirmatory calibrations every 4 hours and that they were also suffering from an extensive time lag, with 15 to 25 minutes of time lag, which meant they had to go back retrospectively do some shifting from a standpoint of, it was not really what we would consider to be real-time analysis. So its retrospective. So again until they can move that forward to a level that makes sense and patients and healthcare professionals will see real-time. I really wouldnt put them in that kind of competitive landscape with others that have [indiscernible] like Medtronic. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy of Jefferies. 
Amy Yacko: This is Amy in for Raj today. Just wanted to talk a little bit about R&D. I believe you all indicated that there could be a bit of -- to expect a step down in the second half of the year. And Im wondering with pediatric trials being a little bit larger and longer than you all anticipated and you all have a lot going on. Will we still see a little bit of a step down or should we think about this quarters run rate moving forward? 
Kevin Sayer: Certainly that would be the upper end of moving forward this quarter. Wed like to manage it down a bit, but you are right that each trial is going to cost more and take more time than we thought. We also acquired a company in the first quarter that adds to R&D line particularly with your non-cash expenses. So well see how we earn it in 3 months. 
Amy Yacko: And then just 1 other question regarding the Type 2 space and I know the reimbursement there is still in the very early stages. But what did you all see in a way of demand view? Are you all seeing anymore increase or a shift in that Type 2 patient population ofdemanding CGM? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes we really have. Its been interesting in that the demand has come from the professional group in terms of healthcare professionals where the demand originally in the Type 1 group was really from the patient level and we pushed that through to the professional and here we are being very successful in the Type 1 market. The Type 2, when the healthcare professionals that treat Type 2 diabetes recognize the benefit, theyre re really the ones that are pushing it. So weve got the one we consider to be its kind of the landmark study that Dr. Bednarski conducted. We are supporting another trial of that nature that was a single-center trial, although independent, randomized, prospective, you still need multi centers in order to gain traction with the payor community and so weve elected to go out and basically repeat that study at a different site. So we do see an increase in desire in pushing for those patients. With that said, I would agree with you that the reimbursement landscape is still challenging for those patients. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Putnam of Capstone Investments. 
John Putnam: Very nice quarter, gentlemen. My question was about competition and I think youve covered it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Haynor of Feltl and Company. 
Ben Haynor: On the mindset of, I can live without my pump and but not without my CGM that weve seen. Are you seeing an increased awareness from doctors or may be even payors that are saying that CGM might be a better first step in the pump when it comes to managing diabetes? 
Kevin Sayer: Certainly from the physician population, not yet from the payor population. 
Ben Haynor: And then on the rebates, what kind of redemption rate did you see there and do you expect some coming through this quarter as well as [indiscernible] that program continue? 
Kevin Sayer: The program is not in effect right now and were not going to disclose our redemption rate. 
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Simpson of Wunderlich Securities. 
Gregory Simpson: Congratulations guys on a very strong quarter and Steven congratulations on the new job and Im sure the big race that went along with it. Terry, first of all a question for you about critical care, it seems like you guys are extremely well positioned over the next few years maybe as well positioned as anyone. You have talked about the interstitial product a little bit on the last call, could you maybe elaborate either on that product or maybe just the overall strategy going forward? 
Terrance Gregg: We view that market opportunity as one that is very robust. We know that even the SEVEN PLUS Technology is being used and I will call it not quite the critical care, although certainly physicians will use it in the ICU as part of an investigation, not anything were sponsoring, but we do see reports of it. I think as you move downstream in the hospital sector into the step downward, progressive telemetry whatever you want to call it and then to the general ward, a robust interstitial sensor would be extremely attractive and that information comes to us, really from the hospital sector as they look at things, they are being challenged in terms of cost of care. And so they also have a challenge with regards to recidivism. As you well know that any CMS patient that gets readmitted anytime in the first 30 days for a lack of adequate treatment and anything that that relates to why they were there the first time, the hospitals on the hook for the treatment of that patient. And so I think all of the hospital sectors are beginning to take a much closer look at the economics of ensuring that patients released are in good health and certainly we know that there are several million patients with diabetes that gets admitted every year, and this would not necessarily only be restricted to those patients with diabetes but anybody, again having type of glycemic or mild glycemia from that standpoint. So we are and as you all know were designated a Gen6 technology that we have human feasibility data, small numbers, but it is built as a very robust, very highly single digit MARD accuracy and drug interference blocking and were continuing to work on that project. 
Gregory Simpson: And then just a question or maybe you can engage in a little commentary on the FDA inspection. I view that as obviously a very big deal and obviously there is 2 ways that can happen. One, it either happens early in the process, then you seems to answer questions endlessly or it seems to be kind of the last step in the process. Given how quickly this process has been going on, it would appear that maybe the FDA is kind of viewing that as 1 of the last steps. Is that fair or can you maybe discuss the flow back and forth between the FDA, and then follow-up questions, things like that? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I would say thats a fair assessment. Obviously were biased in wanting to believe that thats what the FDA is thinking. We cant speak for the FDA. I would say that in several decades of experience this is the fastest review that either our senior regulatory person whos been in the business about the same time I have, now going on over 40 years, we both agree that this whole developmental review has been the most interactive that either 1 of us has experienced. I do believe that the FDA is, given their resources, are doing everything possible to expedite the review and hopefully in the not too distant future then, approval. Theyve seen the data. And I would say in 1 of their comments to us at ADA when you had all of these investigators come rushing that wanted to replace either Seven PLUS or even alternative sensors in their AP programs, FDA commented we are very comfortable with the Gen4 clinical data. Remember this review is not just the clinical data. That was also a manufacturing change as part of this. So it is 17,000 pages of review that they have to go through. But I do think that given the comments by the auditor, when she came in and when she left, where we were favorably disposed that this was towards the end of the cycle, as part of the review. I think given the gauge of interaction even today from a standpoint of discussions with agency post that audit. Again its encouraging, there is nothing that seems to be -- but theyre delaying and in anyway whatsoever in fact by the contrary. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Steven Lichtman of Oppenheimer & Co. 
Steven Lichtman: Just a couple of questions. First on the sales force, I think last call you said that its likely to stay steady here through the remainder of 2012, just want to see if there is any change in those plans? And then just secondly, on the manufacturing line comment, just wanted to make sure, can you begin a U.S. launch in earnest with just one line-up or do you need that second line-up? 
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. The second line will be up very soon. So well begin our launch with both of them, but fortunately we dont have to shift the entire patient base over day 1, but we will be ready to support our launch upon approval. Second piece with respect to the sales force, our sales force has remained at same size, as it was last quarter. There has been no additional headcount added. There has been maybe some shifting from 1 position to another, but no additional bodies. Theyve achieved this growth with the same size group that they have at last quarter or at the end of the last year. We dont anticipate making it any bigger as we said here today. 
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I will now turn the conference call over to Terry Gregg, for any closing remarks. 
Terrance Gregg: Well, thank you. And I continue to be extremely impressed by our performance. And you should as well. The advances we are making in the technology of continuous glucose sensing are truly extraordinary. In our long-term vision of replacing fingerstick measurements gets closer every day. In the meantime, we are executing on our business plan of growing the business and achieving profitability in a timely fashion. We have several tailwinds pushing us forward and Im thrilled to be part of a company that is transforming the way diabetes is being treated. No one disputes that CGM should be the standard of care, and we are on the cusp of seeing that vision realized. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in the second quarter earnings release conference call. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's conference. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer, Terry Gregg. You may begin. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you, Christine. And thanks for joining us to our first quarter 2012 investor call. I am going to ask Steve Pacelli, our Chief Operating Officer, to go through the Safe Harbor statement. Steve? 
Steven Pacelli: Sure, thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on our Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Terry? 
Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President; Steve our Chief Operating Officer and Jess Roper; our Chief Financial Officer. Before we review our first quarter 2012 financial results and provide our customary operations update, I wanted to spend a few minutes discussing our Gen4 Sensor platform.
 I am very pleased to report that we filed a PMA with the Food and Drug Administration seeking approval of our Gen4 system prior to the end of the first quarter as we previously committed. While I cannot yet detail the specifics of the pivotal trial, as it is customary to allow our investigators to first present such data, I can say that our Gen4 Sensor is truly remarkable.
 An overview of our Gen4 data will be presented by our Medical Director, Dr. David Price, in an oral presentation at the 72nd Scientific Sessions meeting of the American Diabetes Association on Friday June 8 at approximately 4:15 PM Eastern Standard Time. Additionally we have submitted a Late-Breaking Abstract with the full Gen4 data set and expect that to be available in some form at ADA as well.
 From a performance perspective, we have developed a sensor that is better in all respects than the Seven Plus which, as you know, is the best-performing sensor currently on the market. In particular in terms of accuracy, the Gen4 is over 20% more accurate than the Seven Plus and even more importantly the Gen4 is 25% better in the hypoglycemia range detection than the Seven Plus.
 Additionally the Gen4 is extremely stable. During the clinical trial, we captured an astounding 99% of data points. This is particularly impressive considering the robust nature of the Gen4 clinical trial in which we captured approximately 10,000 matched data pairs as compared to only about 2,000 matched pairs during our Seven Plus pivotal trial. We attribute this improved performance to our advanced transmitter which now has a typical transmission range of up to 30 feet, meaning patients do not need to keep the receiver close to them at all times.
 This is particularly important for the estimated 70% of type 1 patients in the US who choose not to wear an insulin pump. Now that we have fully analyzed the Gen4 pivotal trial, we've reevaluated several of our short-term sensor development priorities. For example, we believe the Gen4 is capable of an extended durability claim and we will look to conduct a clinical trial to seek such a claim. We also believe we have the potential of reducing the need for sensor calibration without materially affecting performance and we are evaluating the clinical and regulatory strategy related there too.
 We note that while we havent seen all of the data from our primary competitors next generation product, we do understand based on published data and from speaking to a number of people in the industry that to achieve a level of accuracy similar to the Seven Plus their sensor must be calibrated up to 4 times per day. Ultimately it is our goal as a continuous GlucoSense Inc company to eliminate altogether the need for patients to take finger sticks and we believe we are making significant progress towards realizing that goal. We expect to move the Gen4 Sensor into the numerous artificial pancreas studies we are involved in around the globe and based on its performance, we have made the decision to retain the Gen4 membrane for our Gen5 product. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. I will start with the financial update. DexCom generated $18.6 million in product revenue for the first quarter of 2012 compared to $13.1 million for the same quarter in 2011, a $5.5 million or 42% increase. Our split between consumable and durable revenues remain between 70% to 75% on the consumable side and 25% to 30% durable products and our ASPs remain relatively flat. Our international business was a bright spot in Q1 as our international revenues were approaching 10% of our total product revenue during the quarter. On the distributor front, domestically our revenue split between direct and distributor business remain consistent with the prior quarter and as you all know our international business is all through distributors.
 Sequentially, product revenue for Q1 of 2012 decreased 11% from the prior quarter, which is not unexpected as annual insurance deductibles reset and flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded, requiring patients to spend more out of pocket dollars to obtain our products.
 Total revenue for the first quarter of 2012 was $20.1 million compared to $14.2 million during the same quarter in 2011. Our product gross profits totaled $9 million generating a gross margin of 49% for Q1 of 2012 compared to product gross profits of $4.8 million and a gross margin of 36% for the same quarter in the prior year. We are particularly pleased with our gross profit improvement over the past year. Noting that in generating $5.5 million of additional revenue year-over-year, we added $4.2 million of additional gross profit contribution.
 Sequentially, our product gross profit declined $1.2 million on decreased sales of $2.3 million over the prior quarter and our gross margin remained flat versus Q4 of 2011. Research and development expense totaled $9.7 million for Q1 of 2012 compared to $6.3 million in Q1 of 2011. The increase primarily is the result of additional clinical and regulatory expenses related to Gen4, continued investment in our next generation products and additional headcount related there too.
 Sequentially, R&D expense increased 5% which was primarily due to higher development clinical and regulatory costs relating to Gen4 and future ambulatory products. For the balance of 2012, we expect our quarterly R&D expenses to remain relatively flat through Q2 and decline slightly over the second half of the year as we look to command a pediatric trial in the coming months and we shift our development efforts to our Gen5 communications platform to enable communication with multiple devices including smartphones and the Roche and Tandem insulin pump products.
 Additionally we will continue to invest in our Gen5 applicator system, an on-made applicator which significantly reduces the number of steps in the censor insertion process and improves our censor cost of goods, a return which we believe more than justifies our near-term investment.
 Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $15.1 million in Q1 of 2012 compared to $10.7 million during the same quarter in 2011. The increase, which included $900,000 in additional share-based compensation, was primarily due to additional sales and marketing expense, particularly a 34% increase in sales and marketing personnel to support revenue growth since the beginning of 2011 and transaction costs related to our SweetSpot acquisition. We note that we do not expect to add any additional sales headcount through the balance of 2012.
 Sequentially, SG&A expense increased 10% with the increase primarily due to additional sales and marketing expense, transaction costs related to our SweetSpot acquisition and increased non-cash stock compensation expense.
 Total additional operating expense in Q1 related to SweetSpot was approximately $400,000. However as a result of our SweetSpot acquisition, we received a one-time non-cash tax benefit of $1.3 million as we were able to utilize some of our deferred tax assets. Our net loss for the first quarter of 2012 totaled $14.1 million and included $5.7 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share base compensation. And the loss per share for the quarter was 21%. We ended the quarter with $71 million in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities and had working capital of $77 million.
 Our cash burn came down for this quarter from Q4 2011 and totaled $11.6 million which is not a surprise as we spend approximately $2.3 million in capital expenditures to support our clean room build out, production scale up for Gen4 and continued improvement of our information technology infrastructure.
 We expect our cash burn to decline going forward and while we evaluate our balance sheet on an ongoing basis. We continue to believe that we are adequately capitalized to support our business operations. Finally, we remain committed to our guidance of estimated full-year 2012 product revenue ranging from $85 million to $92 million.
 Now, Ill provide you an update on our product pipeline. As Terry discussed at the outset of the call, we could not be more pleased with the effort of our R&D, clinical, regulatory and quality teams to complete the Gen4 PMA filing during Q1. We are extremely excited about the improve performance attribute to Gen4. Ill look forward to sharing the Gen4 experience with our patients.
 After all, it is ultimately the patients experience the matters above all else. From a timing perspective, we remain consciously optimistic that we all receive approval for Gen4 before the end of 2012. In fact, weve already had correspondence with the FDA regarding our Gen4 submission. Normally, we would not expect to hear back from the agency for at least 60 days following a submission. So we were pleasantly surprised to initiate the interactive review process in less than 30 days after filing.
 Additionally, the FDA has initiated the process of the BIMO inspection during which the FDA performs standard side inspections of certain of our clinical trial sites as they review our data submission against the source data held by the clinical trial site. In addition to our PMA filing, we continue to work with our notified body to obtain CE mark approval for the standalone Gen4 system and expect to launch a Gen4 standalone system outside the United States during the summer of 2012.
 During the first quarter we closed our acquisition of SweetSpot Diabetes Care. As a remainder, SweetSpot is a healthcare focused information technology company with an advanced platform for uploading and processing data from diabetes devices and we have been working diligently with the SweetSpot team to build out the platform to enable us to move and manage our CGM data in the cloud. We will also add more data management tools specifically designed for the patient in additional reporting capabilities for wireless devices such as an iPad. SweetSpot is also continuing to pursue its pre-acquisition business strategy, marketing its data management service directly to clinics and other customers including leading academic research centers and integrated delivery network such as the VA Medical System.
 I will now provide you with an update on our partnerships. I am pleased to report that the integration efforts with Insulet are proceeding and although it is premature to estimate when we will be in a position to file a PMA supplement with the FDA relating to aneros [ph] Gen4 combination product. Both companies expect to work diligently to complete development, clinical and regulatory efforts related to the combined system.
 Additionally, in the coming months, we expect to explore co-marketing activities with Insulet with our respective future generation products. Animas continues to commercialize the Vibe system in Europe as expected to increase the number of available markets over the course of this year. Although we cannot share specific regarding sales of the Vibe, we believe the system is being well received by patients and physicians and more importantly, offers patients a superior sensor technology alternative when choosing sensor augmented pump therapy.
 With regards to the filing of a PMA supplement for US approval of the Vibe, our timing is largely dependent on the speed with which the FDA processes our Gen4 filing. As we mentioned above, the FDA appears to be moving at a rapid pace and if this continues, we will want to avoid causing any unnecessary delay or confusion by filing a PMA supplement on top of a pending PMA. We also believe the FDA appreciates the need to have additional integrated pumps CGM systems in the market place, both for use by patients and as part of the numerous artificial pancreas programs currently in development.
 We expect to be in a much better position during our next quarterly call to update the market regarding the specific timeline for Vibe but rest assured we will file the Vibe as soon as we feel its most appropriate. And also somewhat earlier in the development cycle, we continue to see nice progress on both the Roche and Tandem integration products, each of which incorporates our Gen5 sensor technology.
 Finally I am pleased to report that the work required of DexCom related to the development of our second generation in-hospital glucose monitoring system conducted in collaboration with Edwards Lifesciences is near complete and we expect to conclude our portion of the development work during the second half of 2012.
 I am also pleased to report that we have made significant progress towards the development of an interstitial sensor suitable for the hospital and have recently tested this sensor in humans and its intended use environment.
 Ultimately we believe that we can produce an interstitial sensor of sufficient accuracy and performance in a simple, convenient subcutaneous footprint to become the standard of care for continuous glucose monitoring in the hospital outside of critical care. We expect to update the market during future earnings calls regarding development timelines and commercialization plans for this product.
 I would now like to turn the call back over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. As we look to the balance of 2012, we will continue to drive our message supported of course by public clinical outcomes data that all sensors are not created equal.
 With a substantially larger field presence, we expect our competition will continue to attempt to create confusion in the marketplace with regard to sensor performance.
 I challenge the industry to be more forthcoming in their analysis of continuous glucose data, present prospective analysis. Let's get away from retrospective analysis. It can be manipulated to make sensors appear to be more accurate than they really are. Show us what a patient actually sees, not what can be generated after the fact on the computer screen. This does not help patients and thats what we are in this industry to strive for, to help patients achieve greater glucose control and to protect them from hypoglycemia.
 I challenge the industry to stop making nice PowerPoint presentations to try to raise money or to fool analysts regarding their sensor performance. Be truthful, present data on how many sensors actually lack the entire sensor session during a clinical trial. You have to report this data to the FDA, why not report it to the public. Present performance across a broad range of glucose levels and particularly in the dangerous hypoglycemia range.
 The FDA will require at least 10% of your clinical trial data to be below 80 milligrams per deciliter. We know its tough in that range to produce good data, but you have to be honest to patients, to public and particularly the Food and Drug Administration.
 And finally, disclose your proposed calibration requirement. If you have to use 4 calibrations a day to achieve a minimal level of acceptable accuracy, be upfront, be honest about it, dont try and hide it in your graphs.
 Nonetheless, were the best performing commercial sensor in the Seven Plus and a pending FDA, PMA on an exclusive Gen4 sensor, we will stay the course and present performance data that is truthful and accurate. And we will continue to win the hearts, minds and loyalty of patients and healthcare providers.
 Now switching gears, I am pleased to report that yesterday we entered into a Memorandum of Understanding what Qualcomm Life; the newly formed healthcare subsidiary within Qualcomm to integrate our sensor technology into their 2net Hub product, enabling secure wireless transmission of patient data into our SweetSpot cloud. We view this combination as particularly exciting for our pharma business where continuous glucose data is becoming an important end point. Pharma clinical trial managers recognize that A1C is not a great marker for glucose variability, but its been slow to adopt CGM in their trials due to concerns over data management.
 The Qualcomm 2net Hub pairs perfectly with our SweetSpot solution to provide clinical trial managers with secured data transmission and storage without the need for the clinical trial participants to visit the clinic for data download, and without the need to plug into a computer. We expect to leverage the knowledge gained here to additional remote monitoring features and functionality with our future product platforms.
 As the role of wireless communication of health information to improve patient outcomes matures, we have an opportunity to be a key participant. Not only with our existing technologies in our cloud based data management system, but also with the development of our Smart Technology.
 DexCom has established itself as the technology leader in continues glucose sensing and we expect to be at the forefront of the convergence of wireless communications and health information with our future generation products.
 With that, I will open the call up to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Thom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. 
Thomas Gunderson: Kevin, could you talk a little bit maybe about what Terry has described in the past, a sticker shock where people are getting their insurance, higher co-pays, higher to deductibles and you seen that in January and kind of reacting emotionally rather than economically? And as part of that, did you see anything different this quarter and did you sense any stocking in Q4 by your customers that might have been worked off in Q1? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, the last comment I can answer definitely, our customers do load up in Q4 because their deductibles and their co-pays above their net and they are lower. With respect to sticker shock and Terry has been on the field more than I have, but I can certainly state my observations, not a whole lot different to where were a year ago. While premiums have gone up, they not gone up significantly over where we have last year, so we were better prepared and knew what we are walking into this year better than we did last. So thats not as -- that was more of a planned for factor there than it was last year. It remains an obstacle, but were also saying that as our system continues to be used, people become more dependent upon it and so where patients continue to reorder and things are going well. 
Thomas Gunderson: And new product or non-product revenue was a little bit higher than I expected, was there something unexpected in there or could you break that out a little bit? 
Kevin Sayer: No, and we talked about this, I can breakdown the elements rather than give you every single detail. Our product development revenue really consisted of a couple of things. The first one is the amortization of the prepaid development cost that we received from our partners across the board. Edwards, Roche, Animas and Tandem and so there is an element there and then there is the direct billing -- that we relationship that we have with Edwards on the actual cost that we incur. We build on what we have incurred and that goes into that line as well as. So thats what it consists of. And its going to be around that same level for a while. And as everything amortizes and as this Edwards project winds down, that number should go down. 
Thomas Gunderson: And last question Terry, I didnt think this was possible, but you sound even more positive on Gen4 than you have in the past. Did that lead you to the interstitial in the hospital decision? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, to a certain extent yes. Clearly, weve been playing around with this and the factor is its actually another generation sensor that we have developed which was a specifically developed for that environment. But when you start looking at the Gen4 improvements and particularly if you look at the durability of it, I mean when we get to day one is always the toughest in that sensor configuration. But even now weve done much better, if you look at day 2 through long durability and certainly in a clinical study, we can go beyond the 7 days, its ability to track remarkably in single digit MARD that lets get going on that and this is exquisite enough. And so we nearly then started Gen4 in some environment to test it in that robustness requirement in a clinical setting and the results of that were surprisingly positive and so weve made that decision to retain that membrane as we go into the next generation and also look at that membrane as the key membrane system for the in-hospital sensor. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. 
Ben Andrew: I wanted to talk a little bit about the split in consumables versus durables; I know Kevin you said it stayed about the same at 70 to 75. Can you give us any flavor around that in terms of customers reordering versus new starts or any other detail that helps us think about the trending there in churn rates? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, I will go through a couple, I am curious if Steve have anything if I read something out. We placed a lot of kits this quarter; its a very good hardware quarter for us; we are very pleased with what we achieved. With respect to sensor reorders, the result again is strong and theyre what we thought it would be, I cant tell you I can reiterate Thoms comment from earlier, a lot of patients buying up in December that when we talk to them in February or March, a lot of them say, not ready yet, Ive got plenty. So we are pleased with the sensor results knowing even that the people stocked up in December. And as we started the second quarter, we now see those December patients a lot of them getting back on-track and ordering more product. 
Ben Andrew: Is there some sort of restriction from the insurance companies of what they can order, because you think they might want to restrict that versus obviously take the additional financial hit of not having to co-pay if the patient order on schedule? 
Kevin Sayer: It depends on the payer Ben; it depends on the plans, some plans. You can only order X in a given time period, others you stock up. We experienced this in the pump business for a long time before here Terry and I have so its plan-to-plan. 
Terrance Gregg: Ben, its Terry. Its pretty much 3 month is the maximum that a plan will allow; 2 months is pretty normal, 30 days is the short end of that. So I would say the majority if youre looking at, the curve; the majority would be in that 2 month type of timeframe that has been on any blog that you read, the utilization and durability of Seven Plus can certainly be extended if a patient so chooses and obviously we prefer that they would use it according to its labeled indication, but we cant control that at this point of time. 
Ben Andrew: And a question for Kevin or Jess, maybe some comments on gross margin versus where you thought it could come in; was there anything kind of one-time in the quarter? I know volume was down obviously versus the previous quarter and are you still thinking obviously Gen4 has some advantages, but how quickly can you achieve those after the launch? 
Kevin Sayer: Ill start, Jess if you have anything to add then go ahead. Never -- no really no one time hits in Q4 like we had that I mean in Q1 like we have last year for example when we had the power outage, it was pretty consistent. Our manufacturing volumes are where we want to be. Our yields were actually very strong, good yields, good performance from the ops people. They are to be commended. So given that our COGS are very much volume-sensitive and our cost for product is very sensitive, as volumes go up, we see some improvements. With respect to the Gen4, having the positive effect on margins; then it will, but there is going to a time that it takes to burn it in because for quite a while we are going be manufacturing more Seven Plus sensors than we will Gen4. We will have to burn the line over and make some changes and plan for that. So its going to be a little cloudy as we emerge from Seven Plus into full on Gen4 launch, we will definitely see that improvement. 
Ben Andrew: And then, Terry, you mentioned the performance characteristics in your transmitter. You havent talked about that I dont think much before, is anything else about that we should be aware of in terms of the performance characteristics of flexibility that keeps your patient beyond just the range and what does that do to your starter kit price or your cost on the finance? 
Terrance Gregg: It's not going to do anything to the starter kit price and we are pretty stable on that and believe that we will keep it at the same price. I think in the ease of use, so if you look at it from a practical sense, if your receiver is in one room and you are in another room, you are not going because of that range of 30 feet even going through walls as an example. If you go line of site, it's closer to 50 feet of connectivity. So you have that flexibility and that was pointed out during data capture, 99% of all the data points in this clinical trial with patients roaming around were still captured by the receivers, so it really increases the flexibility. I mean I would even say from a standpoint that if it were on somebody that needed to have their receiver monitored in a different room as an example certainly it would be capable of being monitored by a third person or an alternative site. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. 
William Plovanic: So just want to get clarity on the Gen4, so you filed the PMA, will you have a 100 day meeting or if they accelerated that timeline for you at the 30 day kind of discussion already? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, this is an interactive process Bill. There's no particular set 100-day meeting. That has been traditionally something that the agency or companies will ask for in that. I think given the speed of response by the agency we are not particularly looking for 100 day meeting per se. We are looking for the feedback, are there questions that they may have that we need to respond to. The difference what we are seeing now given their what I will call rapid response and collaboration with us is they are doing it through email rather than through that traditional kind of I send you a report and then the clock stops and then we restart the clock when you send back your response. I think they are doing everything in their power to get this through their process as quickly as possible. They have seen the data, so they know what the output is and the clinical endpoints are. So now there is the methodology so I really don't think we are going to see "that formal 100 day meeting" but that remains to be seen. 
William Plovanic: And then as you look at the sensor augmented pumps and just the timelines on those, I think you were pretty clear that you will wait until approval of the PMA for the Gen4 prior to the filing of the PMAs for either Animas or Insulet. Do you think, one, is that correct? Two, do you think that Insulet could jump ahead of Animas or is it still pretty much Animas has to go, they get 6 months exclusivity and I believe that's US and then Insulet goes or can that change? 
Terrance Gregg: Let me kind of give you, I will give you the 35,000 foot view and then let Kevin and Steve because they are the detail guys. Look I don't want to do anything that would not be in the best interest of a collaboration with the agency. I consider them our partners right now. They have really reached out and done a remarkable job on our behalf. And we've had a very active engagement with them. We were there last week face to face, we are there this week face to face and they have really been responsive, so if they kind give us a nudge and say were expediting this as fast as we can, you guys do your job. I dont want to confuse the message to them that were not the best partners that we can be. So wed just hold on when that submission. As Kevin mentioned in his prepared remarks we will give you an update next call. We will have a better understanding of what the agency wants with us. We really to be honest with you have not focused on the partnerships per se with the agency. Our focus has been on Gen4 and subsequently on Gen5 as we move to these mobile apps and remote monitoring. Thats been our focus in the FDA face to face meetings. And Ill let Steven and Kevin talk about the details of it. 
Kevin Sayer: No, Bill I'd echo what Terry said and one of the other driving factors in this is again as I talked earlier, we are about to start a peds trial. We havent even discussed with our pump partners, do you want to wait until we have peds labeling, do you want to file before we have peds labeling, what is the best outcome here. So we kind of need to let things settle down for a while, address more of their questions, have more discussions directly with the agency and we will know where we are going to be certainly on our next earnings call. So there is not a magic day. 
Steven Pacelli: I would to your question on the 6 month exclusivity period. I mean is it possible, yes? But remember the vibe is commercial in Europe, so the Vibe is effectively a completed product. We have still got a little development work to do with input. So is it possible that they leapfrog? Maybe, but I dont see that as an issue and I think what we'd say is we will address that if and when it arises. I think frankly it would be a good problem to have if we have 2 pumps ready to go at the market at the same time. 
Kevin Sayer: I think the takeaway here though is that FDA it sounds like is a lot more collaborative than they have been in the past 24 months and the key is let's get Gen4 through and then we will work on the sensor-augmented pumps or the peds trial would have the next step is. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes. I want to be sure that we characterize it appropriately. They are collaborative. I wouldnt say since the last 24 months, I would say during the last 24 months just, I would say in the last period of time throughout it, they have said come to us, we have been highly transparent with them, working through issues together. So certainly to give credit to the agency on their efforts, yes. 
William Plovanic: Okay. Then just last question, a simple one, any Gen4 a possibility for a mandatory shut off either by you or the FDA and then do you think that will come with the Gen5? 
Terrance Gregg: Well that's crystal balling a little bit and at the present time we are not aware of any requirement to shut the system down. I think the demarcation of that from an agency perspective is really about patient safety. And so why dont they draw the line. I think if you demonstrate that an extended use by a patient not by us a recommendation, in fact does not place the patient in any harm to make a worse decision. Then they are less focused on forcing a shutdown. I certainly think Gen5 potentially, yes if I were to crystal ball it, I would say even if we were successful in achieving an extended durability claim which we are very confident we can achieve, then it might be at that point that the agency makes a decision at lets say attend a claim as an example that they might want to then shut it down. But it's premature at this point to really speculate. 
Operator: The next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies & Company. 
Amy Yacko: This is Amy and Paresh [ph] today. Just a couple of questions around the opportunity to possibly extend the labeling and reduce the calibration cycles. I know there was a study presented at ADA last year that you all had some data showing positive, how is it with the original Gen4 studies. And I think it was for 10-day. Is there a potential that you all could study and look to go beyond that? 
Terrance Gregg: Actually, the study that you are referring to I think came out of Barbara Davis and it was actually believe it or not, not on the Gen4, it was on the SEVEN, not even the Seven Plus. So thats been obviously a few years ago as that Dr. Satish Garg presented. And most recently obviously we continue to do a number of studies looking at Gen4 and the beauty of gathering lots of data as you can look at different algorithms and project. We also do these co-studies in which we do reduce the calibration. And yes, we are very confident at this point that a reduced calibration -- I dont know what the FDA would accept in terms of reduced calibration, our ultimate goal is no calibration. And I can tell you, weve got human data today that suggests thats feasible. Now thats based on R&D build sensors and scaling that to several million sensors a year, its not always linear. So I remain cautiously optimistic, but its going to take obviously the clinical trial and the data result and robustness to present to the agency to get them comfortable with such a reduced calibration scheme. 
Kevin Sayer: And then on your question on durability, could we go longer -- it becomes a trade-off in terms of sensor or human physiology in sensor performance. And firstly all of our sensors last the full 7 days. You get to a point at which beyond 10 days, you get to 14 days so there's a point at which its somewhat out of our control, because the immune system will wall off the sensor and in more bodies than it will not. So we get to a point where we would have -- we would want to be carefully selling a 14-day product that's only lasted x% of the patients. We need to get to a comfort zone where basically all of the sensors would last to whatever our labeled indication would be. So that's kind of how the trade-off would work there. But it lasts longer sure, but does it last longer in all patients, is really what the question is for us. 
Terrance Gregg: So we saw in our report today where there is gain going on and it lasted 42 days, so I mean that's an unusual, we were wow to. 
Amy Yacko: And then I guess a question from the manufacturing perspective, so provide say the Gen4 getting through the FDA even quicker than we hoped given their open levels of communication, where would you all stand from a manufacturing capacity, would that be a gating factor to get this out to market or are you guys able to pretty much scale up and be ready to go? 
Kevin Sayer: Well, fortunately we wont be selling 1 million Gen4 sensors out to Gate. There will be a scale up effort, we work on it every day and we have plans to be ready. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I would add to that. The sensors that were used in the clinical trial were from our manufacturing line. They were not R&D sensors that you put into a clinical trial which is usually the case. These were just straight off the manufacturing line that we intend to use for commercial product. 
Amy Yacko: And then just a last one perhaps on the international markets. As that seems to be quite strong for you all and from competitors that as well recently. Have you all seen any changes in the reimbursement environment that is now supporting CGM use or is this just more from being out there and marketing the products? 
Terrance Gregg: I think its more of marketing the products. We were at ATTD earlier this year in Barcelona and I think it doesnt different keeping in later from countries got up and talked about reimbursement. And none of those entities was reimbursement; a good thing in terms of getting patients, so a lot of it is still, its a little bit different. There are some out of pocket, but in many of the countries the hospital is the distributor of the product, so the key physicians resides within the hospital network. They get a budget for diabetes supplies and they allocate a certain number of the supplies to strip pumps CGM. And so we are seeing a greater influence of adoption of CGM and so were getting some shifting of those dollars away from other diabetes related products into CGM. So we do see an uptick there. But that said, there is a number of dossiers on the risk benefit, looking at economic analyses, all showing positive outcomes that are part of these new dossiers going into the various countries in order to demonstrate to the government officials that control the purse that it is highly beneficial, economically beneficial to have these patients on CGM because that reduces some of the other costs associated with treating diabetes complications. 
Operator: The next question comes from the Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Swann. 
Danielle Antalffy: First, on the impact of higher deductibles in the first quarter; I know last year that bled a little bit into the second quarter. Can you talk about whether you are seeing that again this year or are we are seeing a faster recovery; just to give a sense of sort of the cadence of sales throughout the rest of the year? 
Terrance Gregg: I think were still seeing the bleeding of the deductibles into the second quarter. We are better prepared for it. As Kevin mentioned the increase in the premiums, far less of an increase in 2012 than we saw in 2011, in many cases the increase in premium is single digit and last year it was much, much higher well and in some cases we saw a 150% increase. So things have moderated from that standpoint. Also just think that CGM in and of itself is being greater adopted across a boarder spectrum, and so its getting more patients to realize that regardless of the deductible, you are going to spend it one way to other. If you think about the dynamic of that, if you have lets say $1,500 deductible, you are eventually going to spend the $1,500. Whether you spend it on day one or you wait for 6 months to spend it, but ultimately you have to spend it. If you have the wherewithal, from an out of pocket standpoint, we are seeing more patients willing to spend it upfront to get the benefits of CGM. And then as other things, the rest of their deductible or the rest of their co-pays is at that 18-20 or whatever the plan calls for. 
Danielle Antalffy: And not to be ungrateful, or look too far ahead from the Gen4, but just thinking about the Gen5 in your discussions with FDA, did you guys have any sense yet of what sort of regulatory pathway Gen5 will have to take? How long it might take to get Gen5 to market or can you move pretty quickly once the Gen4 is approved and launched? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, remember that Gen5 is a hardware change using the same membrane on the Gen4. So if you think about a risk standpoint, obviously using new materials and that are within the interstitial or the body fluids, its certainly are more challenging than the hardware change. I think the biggest challenge of Gen5 is ensuring that the protocols that are being used in terms of the communication protocols are sufficiently robust that they cannot be interrupted or in any way corrupted. And we are obviously going through a lot of testing mechanisms and doing this jointly with the FDA. I think FDA wants to learn whats going on because of the challenge; if you think about this from a hardware standpoint and communications going out, the hardware is changing that rig because its a commercial product. Its impossible for medical devices to keep pace. So as an example, there are handsets that we want to deliver technology to and information that are already obsolete, because the handset manufacturer is no longer supporting that. The FDA realizes this and they are trying to deal with this and figure out a way in which they can keep pace. So all of this is going on real time. I can't predict when the agency will get comfortable, but a part of this interaction is certainly reached out to companies that help them along that path way and we are I would say probably pretty close to the forefront of that with them and trying to discover the solutions to the challenges. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Caroline Corner from MLV. 
Caroline V. Corner: So just first of all on the follow up to that last question then with regard to the Gen5 being a hardware change mainly? Should we expect that one or are you optimistic at least that, that might be just be a PMA supplement and then as we look at Gen6 and you try to really get away from finger sticks altogether, I'm expecting a new PMA there, am I thinking about that correctly? 
Terrance Gregg: As far as I can tell at this point that's our belief system, but I reserve obviously to FDA gets to make that ultimate decision as to what the categorization of the submissions, certainly we believe that Gen5 would be a PMA supplement and it is clear to us without any doubt, whatsoever a Gen6 technology because it would include some changes of a significant nature would be a full blown new PMA. 
Caroline V. Corner: And then my other question Roche started selling in February of this year, do you have anything you can add incrementally about Roche's effort so far, I know it's pretty early on, but do you have anything anecdotal there? 
Kevin Sayer: And yes and I would say you're right that they launched the program at their national sales meeting in February. I would say we are still on the very early stages of the rollout, so certainly not material to the number for Q1. 
Caroline V. Corner: And then my last question Terry you have said before that you expect to be profitable at least on a quarterly basis in 2013, is that still your thought now? 
Terrance Gregg: Absolutely and our board would certainly like us to be profitable earlier than 2013 and have incentivized the management team appropriately to attempt to reach that goal. 
Caroline V. Corner: And do you mean bottom-line profitable there over what you were referring to? 
Steven Pacelli: We are talking about cash flow. 
Kevin Sayer: Cash flow there, non-GAAP. We are not going to try and make up all the non-cash over there. 
Terrance Gregg: Look Kevin went through the non-cash expense and it is significant for this company so we view our world in a cash flow basis. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Lichtman from Oppenheimer & Co. 
Steven Lichtman: You talked about the increased SG&A investment in the quarter. I know Terry this has been a focus for you, can you talk a little bit about some of the outreach efforts over the last several months, some of the marketing efforts to increase awareness that maybe is embedded in some of that investment? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes I mean I will tell you I was going to include some of these comments in my final comments, but I will do it now and our program with regards to hypoglycemia awareness campaign has been hugely successful and I am, I knew or felt that it would be successful. I didn't think it would be as successful as it is and how I measure that is obviously the number of hits, the number of placements of materials that we have been able to get through the media, various forms, both radio, TV, print materials, the number of hits on websites and that is millions and I would say most telling for me and my write-alongs is that if you would contrast a year ago when I would go in and talk to a physician about hypoglycemia, they didnt even know what percentage of their patients actually experienced hypoglycemia and oh, yes, okay. Well, yes, CGM could be effective in that, now they're telling me a year later how it's so important for CGM and that patient population that is absolutely necessary. So that's driving their thought process and that was always the challenge here is to make CGM a frontline thought rather than a back end thought. And I would add to that, the other dramatic change I have seen in the field over the last year is now we get questions about reimbursement for type 2s. Now they're talking about why have type 2 patients that could also benefit from CGM, where are you at as an industry with type 2 reimbursement. Unfortunately we have to say, well we are not very far along, policies are changing. So we are getting down that path way, but for me the important part is their mindset. Now they are looking at CGM across the diabetes spectrum. They are not isolating it to type I patients. They are not isolating it, only to those patients on pumps. They are looking at it across the spectrum of diabetes as an effective tool and the armamentarium of tools necessary to reduce glycemic variability and in that glycemic variability in and of itself is becoming much more important as a key tool. We talked about it in the pharma business that we have been growing nicely, but we also look at it from physician population. Healthcare professionals are now realizing that mal glycemia or the lack of ability to have good glycemic control is huge. And if you looked at things that were going on this weekend in the national news media about type 2 diabetes and adolescence. The main point was look metformin by itself isnt working so now you are going to put them on glitazones and that's a little scary for the rest of their life, but it is all about the inability to control glucose levels effectively and I think that they are getting there. 
Steven Lichtman: And then just lastly I apologize if I missed it, you talked about Animas ramping into new countries throughout the year, just to get a sense of scaling, how many countries are they sort of fully selling in now with reimbursement? 
Kevin Sayer: That's 2 very distinct questions there, probably selling to in about 4 or 5 countries will probably be in upwards of 7 or 8 by the end of this year. Again reimbursement from a sensor perspective you have to distinguish reimbursement from the Vibe pump, the durable pump versus the sensors again very, very early stages, very little reimbursement for the sensors themselves at this point in time. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Haynor from Feltl and Company. 
Ben Haynor: On the Gen4 sensor, does that have better characteristics when it comes to interfering substances such as sudamenafin? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I mean right now its got about an 8X improvement over the Seven Plus in terms of resistance. The challenge today is that there is no known standard by which you must meet in order to achieve that claim. Others have basically been grandfathered. We are working with the agency to know exactly what that claim is and we will address that threshold, but at this point in time I would say yes there is an improvement as we look at next generation obviously, we are looking at interferons walking for a far greater range of drugs and than just sudamenafin, but at this point to answer your question yes but we don't know if that's good enough for a claim. 
Ben Haynor: Great and this one might be a little bit more broad, but do you have any metrics to measure kind of a stickiness of CGM as the patient continues to use it for instance after a patient has been using CGM for X number of months you can be Y% certain that they will still be using it in a year. 
Terrance Gregg: No I have only referred to your report that you issued today which seemed to indicate that upon longer use there is greater traction. 
Ben Haynor: I was hoping you guys might have some other numbers that I wasnt able to uncover. And then one quick last one pricing in kits and sensors is still the same as the recent past? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, it is. Prices are relatively flat. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Block from SunTrust. 
Jonathan Block: Just the first question on international, can you give us what international was as a percent of product revenue roughly a year ago I think you said 10% this quarter. What was that roughly in 1Q 2011? 
Kevin Sayer: We said we are approaching 10% and in 1Q11 I would say it is much less than 10%. We are not going to break the percentages out. We don't -- ultimately when we get above 10% for SEC purposes we will have to break it out. We are not above 10% yet and we certainly weren't last year. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I think if you went back and look at transcripts my comments were less than 5%. 
Jonathan Block: Okay, and like you said, you were approaching 10% just to be clear in the current quarter. 
Kevin Sayer: Approaching, yes. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. And how do you feel in terms of like you stated that's primarily done and all done through distributors, do you think that's reflective of end user or do you feel like there was some stocking going on with the distributors initially in the March quarter? 
Terrance Gregg: I wouldn't say stocking in that particular segment. Are you talking about the international segment? 
Jonathan Block: Yes I am talking about the international segment, Terry. 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, and because our payment policy is such that they have to pay for product upfront, so they are not going to stock and hold in anticipation of selling. They are on the hook immediately upon order. We don't carry an AR with them. 
Kevin Sayer: Not much, and Jess and his team have really managed that very tightly. So our credit risk internationally is not large at all. 
Jonathan Block: Okay, great. And then I just want to make sure I have got my arms around the filings or different filings. It sounds like and I dont know want to word in your mouth Terry, but it sounds like Gen4 is actually going maybe a little bit better than planned 3 months ago but in terms of the, call it concurrent filings which were the plan maybe 90 days ago, even if you take more of a wait and see and have some interaction with the agency on what may be best in sort of sit tight and wait for the update on the second quarter conference call. Is that fair? 
Terrance Gregg: Thats very fair Jonathan. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. And then just lastly on the calibration, can you guys remind me where you are today so you've got currently it's 2 times and you are hoping to go to one with expanded claims and your belief is that Medtronics next-gen will require 4, is that what we should be looking out to. 
Terrance Gregg: All I can tell you is published data and they havent called it out particularly in any data that they presented, but if you look at the graph, all of their graphs have indicated that they achieved the level of accuracy with 4 finger sticks per day. They recommend in the European sector for in like 3 to 4 finger sticks per day, but thats all we can talk about. They have not been very up front with their calibration scheme at this point. 
Steven Pacelli: And then Jonathan if I could add to that with respect to our reduced calibration schemes going forward, one a day is nice and it sounds very consistent with 10,000 matched pairs and points, we can run various calibration schemes against all this data that we already have and come up with the calibration scheme that might work better for our patients. Even one a day maybe some increased calibrations the first couple of days and then maybe very intermittent calibration days after that. We have not made a decision were just starting down that process now that we have seen the data and been able to analyze it. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. And last one for you guys, I promise. In this quarter OpEx was ahead of our estimates. I know you called out $400,000 related to the SweetSpot acquisition but I actually think OpEx grew faster than product revenues. So can you just speak to, when we should see, sort of, the OpEx leverage hitting an inflection point when we see that appear in the model? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes. This is Kevin. I will take that. There is a couple of factors that have to occur for us to leverage OpEx. Obviously, our sales volumes have to grow. As we stated earlier, we are not going to increase our field presence nor our in-house sales presence. We believe that team is big enough to support the growth that we need to take care of as we get through and till we get up to partner launches. So we will see continued leverage on the sales expense side. Literally, we are seeing that now. On the marketing side, we are spending more money. We are investing more on campaigns. The results of those campaigns were spoken of a great length by Terry previously when he just answered the question about what are you seeing in the field. We are seeing those things pay back and on G&A side we are relatively flat. A lot of the increase and the increase sequentially quarter-to-quarter is only about 5%. The increase over last year is very large. We have got 34% more people in our sales organization and marketing organization than we had in the start of 2011. So a lot of that is headcount but thats going to remain relatively consistent. So that will be leverage. On the R&D front, weve got a lot going on and it would be very easy to say, we will stop it right here. But we feel a sense of urgency as we go through these transitions. And remember we havent had a new product for a while. So weve got Gen4, with Gen5 stacked up to that and another sensor possibly coming. We feel we need to get through these efforts to get these partnership products out and to get this all done before we put the brakes on the R&D spend. We will see the R&D spend go down over the last 2 quarters. That is our plan as we sit here today and have a pretty good -- I think we will be able to leverage our R&D a lot more in 2013. Hence we talk about heading to profitability. So if were not adding a bunch of sales people, therefore, pushing back a little bit on the R&D side as we get some of these products out, you will see the leverage as we get around to the last half of this year and certainly in 2013. 
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Lau from Wedbush Securities. 
Richard Lau: From a marketing and manufacturing standpoint, how quickly following FDA approval of the Gen4 would you guys be in a position to launch it and assuming, say, you guys get approval at the beginning of the fourth quarter, would you want to launch in the fourth quarter or wait till, maybe, the first quarter of 2013? 
Terrance Gregg: Well I am going to talk about the commercial side of it and I will let Kevin talk about the manufacturing side. I want to launch the product. So I want to get this product in the hands of patients who will recognize the benefit of it in a number of different ways, accuracy, certainly durability and -- the patience experience will be exquisite. I want to get this in to the hands of the artificial pancreas projects. Were involved in about 20 of them now. Weve got some data because we are able to get it into the European artificial pancreas projects and we literally have patients, small number, but walking around outside on their own with a closed loop system, high equipment intensive but it is pretty exciting to me over 18 years, chasing some of these dreams to see this getting closer. So I want to launch this product as soon as possible. 
Kevin Sayer: Operationally, we are doing everything we can to be ready for an approval and so the directives that Terry has passed down to me, you heard what he said when we launch it, I want it out, are clearly passed down to the other people that we work with and so we meet regularly. We are developing a commercial bill plan. We will launch this product in Europe here in the summer. So we will have experience with manufacturing. And as Terry said earlier, we manufactured the clinical trial sensors on the line we are going to use for production. So its not like we will be starting from scratch. So we are -- you look at the CapEx and other things we are spending. We are getting ready. 
Operator: The next question comes from Anand Vankawala from Avondale Partners. 
Anand Vankawala: Just 2 quick follow-ups. I guess just on the international, I am not asking for specific numbers but would it be fair to characterize the growth in Animas as a meaningful contributor towards reaching near 10% contribution internationally or is it still just a fraction? 
Terrance Gregg: There is still just a fraction. I mean everything is cumulative and helps out in that whole process but they were not the reason for the growth we had. Some of the countries, particularly, just pop up and great demand. All of them grew but a couple countries grew faster than the rest and these, luckily, were countries that had more patients that had the ability to either pay out of pocket or the systems were through the clinic system that got more product on patients. But certainly I don't want to minimize the Animas effort. I think they are, when you look at their experience without having all of their number improvements but with that system in place they have become very competitive in that pump space and the European sector. That's their comments coming back to us. 
Anand Vankawala: And then I guess just on the Gen4 sensor, given that you are looking to file for extended durability claims, pricing wise is that going to be relatively the same as the Seven Plus or is that, are you planning to increment the price there? 
Jess Roper: Yes, I mean its still something to consider. There are 2 kinds of opportunities here, right? We could effectively keep the price for a month supply of sensor the same. So in the eyes of the patient we are not actually raising our prices but we could, for example, again we havent given specifics on the durability but if we were to achieve a 10-day claim, we could send 3 sensors instead of 4 sensors. So really by reducing our cost by removing a sensor, the contribution becomes much greater for a months supply with sensors. Effectively, we would be charging the way the Hixpix codes were set up when we were working on those way back when theyre established to allow us to price on per day basis, so effectively we priced our sensors on a per day basis. You recall Medtronic has a 3-day sensor; Abbott has a 5-day. We today have a 7-day. So we are able -- however we choose to price that we will certainly capture additional economics on an extended durability claim. 
Anand Vankawala: Perfect. And then Terry just to follow up on something you said earlier in response to a question on the Type 2, you say that, that you are seeing policies towards Type 2 reimbursement changing. Can you give a little bit of detail on what you are seeing in the environment? 
Terrance Gregg: Well, certainly we are seeing more of the -- and its a small number of the larger payers, begin to include verbiage within their coverage decisions to include Type 2. It is still a steep requirement in terms of the labs that need to be established and things like, well they need to be on insulin or with the criteria for that is certainly not easy to achieve. But it is if you look at the spectrum and the chronology of how this will work, its moving in the right direction and if I go back to, when I came on board as CEO, the reimbursement for CGM in Type 1 patients was zero and now weve over 95%, 97% of our patients that have CGM in our Type 1 have some form of reimbursement. It is slow. It is not anywhere near what I would like to see it but it is continuing to grow and you saw late last year, Dr. Greg Gorskis [ph] paper on Type 2 patients and those were not on even prandial insulin. So they were on long acting insulin or no insulin at all, showing good results. Thats all getting pushed to the payer network and they are beginning to connect the dots to say, hey look, weve got an epidemic in front of us. So we are paying for 6 drugs for these Type 2 patients and they are still having the complications associated with diabetes. The longer they have these problems, the higher the rate of complications. Therefore, the payment increases. I think everybody in the payer world is sensitized to what we are going to do, what are the tools that are available  were a tool, were one of many, but I think they are beginning to recognize the value that if in fact the study like Gorski [ph] or even in Type 1, if we can reduce the glycemic variability, and in case of Type 2 particularly if we can reduce excessive constant glucose and hyperglycemia, we can move the needle to the left in terms of what the payment profile is going to look like next year, 5 years from now. And I think everybody in that industry is trying to figure out why it is. In the next 18 years, there is going to be over, on a global basis, somewhere between 550 million and 600 million people in the world and we are going in the United States alone from 28 to probably somewhere close to 30 million, 32 million that are going to be afflicted with diabetes. Thats a third of our population. So it is a huge economic burden, I just heard something the other day and we have been using $170 billion cost in 2007 that were spent on diabetes and the related cost.  So today on a news cast -- I dont have the source document, they said over $300 billion was being spent in the United states on diabetes and its related cost. Were a tool. And I think we are an effective tool and certainly Dr. Gregorski [ph] showed that was in other areas of opportunities. And so you are going to see more peer reviewed publications coming out with regards to the impact of CGM in the Type 2 population, both insulin and non-insulin using and I think that is probably the [indiscernible] of material that is necessary to change coverage policies. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Derek Winters from Wunderlich. 
Derek Winters: I wanted to ask a little more about kind of a competitive question. Echo Therapeutics just came out with a study saying that they had a very successful trial with 15 patients. My question basically is whats the true cost on the ramp for them to go to a pivotal trial and are they really on the horizon in your guys minds? 
Terrance Gregg: Wow, where do I begin? Okay, 15 patients, 500 matched pair points, weve just got done telling you we done 10,000 matched pair points. The cost is tens of millions of dollars even to get to a pivotal trial stage. We don't know what the range was of that particular trial. I just read it this morning as well. Its certainly -- I can't tell by the trial, design or analysis that was prospective, retrospective that gets to my, Come on guys! Everybody, stop fooling with the numbers. They are what they are. Eventually you have to report them to the FDA. We actually get credit from the FDA because they tell us we are one of the few, if not the only company that actually consistently presents prospective data and that's what the patients see. So I don't know; its interesting to watch. Well see if you look at accuracy as an example just as a competitor, so they recorded somewhere just shy of 13% and the data that Edwards has presented from the GlucoClear product is around 5% or 6% which is at therapeutic levels, in terms of dosing, so I think a long haul, and I try to caution everybody, we spend $10 million to $15 million a year in quality control procedures as a PMA company. And this will be a PMA product. Its not going to be a 510(k). So as Ive said before, and I don't mean to be trite with it, but they got to move from their knickers into big boy pants at some point. 
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Please go ahead with any final comments. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you. Well, I would just like to say we are very proud of what we've accomplished and its a tough economic market. We are growing the business in a step-wise fashion; 42% of growth over Q1 of 2011. I couldnt be prouder with what we've accomplished from the field, the marketing, if you look at R&D I mean the technology is exquisite.
 The expansion of our capability within the wireless world has been dramatic with the acquisition of SweetSpot now collaborating with Qualcomm and 2net Hub and all of the things that we look and try to be health futurist as to where medicine is going.
 We do have the benefit of having a premier health futurist on our board, and Eric Topol is booked, creative destruction of medicine becomes our -- well call it our operating bible, but we certainly spend a lot of time watching it.
 And so I just -- we will hit on all the cylinders. A tough regulatory environment in which we are doing as well as any company and I apply the agency and that their willingness to be collaborative with companies that are willing to collaborate with them. So every time you pick up a newspaper article or a journal there is some company that's bemoaning the fact that agency is tough on them. Agency has a job to do. That's to protect the citizens of the United States and they are doing the job the best way that they can and we are in lockstep with them.
 So with that, Ill conclude the call. 
Operator: This concludes the DexCom First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom 2011 Year-End Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's conference. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Terry Gregg, Chief Executive Officer, you may begin. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you, operator. Thanks for joining us today for our conference call. Let me first ask Steve Pacelli to review Safe Harbor statement. 
Steven Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under the section Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason. Terry? 
Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Steve. Joining me today are Kevin Sayer, our President; Steve Pacelli, who you just heard from, our Chief Operating Officer, and Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we review our fourth quarter and full-year 2011 financial results and provide our customary operations update, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing a very exciting transaction we announced just today. This afternoon we announced that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SweetSpot Diabetes Care, Inc. at an all stock transaction with initial consideration of approximately $4.5 million and performance milestone based earn-out consideration of up to another $4 million. 
 SweetSpot is a healthcare focused information technology company with an advanced platform for uploading and processing data from diabetes devices. The SweetSpot system specializes in turning raw output from patient devices into powerful information for healthcare providers, patients and researchers. SweetSpot and DexCom share the mission of transforming diabetes care through the better use of data. We each offer advanced technologies to help patients control their diabetes and we each believe that diabetes care must and will evolve with a help of connected monitoring devices and the more sophisticated use of data, providers, patients and payers. 
 Today, the SweetSpot platform comprises of SweetSpot Diabetes data management service, a secure end-to-end solution for diabetes data management, automating the retrieval of data from numerous patient devices, managing, processing, and storing data in the cloud and integrating into electronic medical records and other clinical systems for information delivery. The platform is vendor neutral and today data from most common blood glucose meters can be retrieved during a step by step session at a physical kiosk in clinics or through a web-based application. 
 As currently configured, once patient data is retrieved, the service generates a plain English report and pushes it back to the clinic, either to a local printer or directly into the clinics' electronic health record system. Patients can also receive reports via a secure link. Reports contain visualizations of daily and weekly glucose levels, statistical summaries and provide measures of glucose variability and testing frequency. The platform also has the capability to compare a patient's data with their cohorts and can be customized by the clinic to best support physicians and their patients. 
 As we work with SweetSpot to build out this platform, our intention is to use the platform to move and manage CGM data in the cloud. And we expect to add insulin data, and other information considered necessary to better manage diabetes. We will also add more data management tools specifically designed for the patient and additional reporting capabilities for wireless devices such as the iPad. While we believe we are firmly entrenched as the world's leading glucose sensor technology from a competitive perspective our 2 missing pieces remain insulin pump integration in the U.S. and a universal data management system. Our acquisition of SweetSpot combined with our insulin pump partnerships will fill these voids. 
 Looking at future DexCom product offerings, our ultimate objective is to move a patient's CGM data directly and seamlessly from the patient's phone or CGM receiver to our cloud based platform. Not only will this cloud based data provide patients and providers with much more useful information, it will greatly enhance DexCom's ability to monitor our product performance and measure patient utilization patterns. Data driven healthcare services are evolving rapidly. And in addition to building out our data management platform, SweetSpot will continue to pursue its pre-acquisition business strategy, marketing the data management service directly to clinics and other customers including leading academic research centers and integrated delivery networks such as the VA Medical System. SweetSpot will offer a largely independently from DexCom in these activities and its employees and facilities will remain headquartered in Portland, Oregon. Patient-based applications however will be provided to our patients directly through DexCom. 
 It is no secret that our healthcare system is witnessing a rapid expansion in the number of tools and services to support the gathering of health related data creating an unparalleled opportunity to inevitably and forever change the face of how healthcare is delivered. I've often stated that the majority of patients with diabetes are treated by internal medicine and primary care, not endocrinology. We expect this trend to continue and as the burden to manage a growing diabetes population falls increasingly on primary care and even on patients themselves, we need informative tools that are convenient and effective. 
 We believe the future of health care is one in which the patient is presented not just raw data but with simple, easy to use, timely and actionable reports that not only interpret the data but also provide motivational recommendations for positive health behavior change. We also believe that most of the tools and services available today are not taking full advantage of the vast amount of patient data that is being processed. This is where DexCom together with SweetSpot will work to pioneer an integrated interconnected data management solution. We expect the acquisition will close within the next several weeks. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Sayer. 
Kevin Sayer: Thank you, Terry. I'll start with a financial update. DexCom finished the year strong generating $20.9 million in product revenue for the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $13.6 million for the same quarter in 2010, a 54% increase. Sequentially, product revenue for Q4 of 2011 increased 26% from the prior quarter. And year-over-year product revenue was up approximately 64% totaling $65.9 million for 2011 compared to $40.2 million in 2010. Total revenue for the fourth quarter was $22.4 million, compared to $15.6 million during the same quarter in 2010. Our product gross profit totaled $10.2 million generating gross margin of 49% for Q4 2011 compared to gross profit of $5.9 million and a gross margin of 44% for the same quarter in the prior year. 
 Sequentially, our product gross profit increased $2.8 million on increased sales of $4.3 million over the prior quarter and our gross margin increased 4 margin points over Q3. Year-over-year, product gross profit increased $15.2 million on increased sales of $25.7 million. Gross profit more than doubled from last year and our gross margin increased 9.4 margin points over 2010. 
 Research and development expense totaled $9.2 million for Q4 of 2011 compared to $6.9 million in Q4 of 2010 primarily a result of additional expenditures related to our future generation ambulatory products, primarily our Gen4 product. Sequentially R&D expense increased 12% which was primarily due to higher development clinical and regulatory costs, again relating to our future ambulatory products and primarily the Gen4 product. 
 We continue - we expect to continue to incur significant R&D expenses as we complete our Gen4 trial in Q1 and complete our PMA filing. Right after our Gen4 filing, we will commence the pediatric trial to enhance our labeling for children and these accounts fall [ph] in during the Q2, Q3 timeframe. We'll then shift our efforts to our Gen5 platform to enable communication with a smartphone and the Roche Tandem insulin pump products. After Q2, we expect things to stabilize a bit but on an overall basis, it will be a year of much activity and we expect R&D expenses for 2012 will increase some compared to fiscal 2011. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $13.7 million in Q4 of 2011 compared to $10.0 million during the same quarter in 2010. This increase which included $900,000 in additional share based compensation was primarily due to additional selling, information technology costs, and customer support costs to support revenue growth. We note, however the year-over-year SG&A growing 23%, our products revenues grew 64%. We're beginning to see some leverage on our SG&A infrastructure. Sequentially, SG&A expense increased 4% with the increase primarily due to additional selling costs, information technology and customer support costs to support our increased volumes. For full-year 2012 we expect cash based SG&A expenses to increase by less than 20% compared to the whole year 2011. As we continue to expand our marketing and product awareness campaigns, our IT infrastructure and support our revenue growth. Our net loss for the fourth quarter of 2011 totaled $12.3 million and included $5 million in non-cash expenses that are primarily in share based compensation. And the loss per share for the quarter was $0.18. 
 We ended the quarter with $83 million in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities and have working capital of $90 million. Our uses for cash during the fourth quarter can be characterized in 3 areas. First our Q4 CapEx was over $3.5 million as we are working rapidly to complete our clean room expansion and acquire the equipment necessary to ramp up manufacturing to support increased volumes for current and future generations of our technology. Second, we had a negative working capital swing of $4.4 million during Q4 with $3.5 million of this coming from receivables and the remainder coming from increases in inventory during the quarter. Finally, our cash operating loss was just over $7.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. 
 As we discussed on numerous occasions, the fourth quarter is typically the strongest of the year for companies in the durable medical equipment business. As annual deductibles had generally been met, meaning patients can obtain the product for little or no out of pocket expense. Our flexible spending account deadlines loom, so patients who participate in these employer sponsored programs must utilize any excess funds they save prior to year end. We attribute our strong performance during the fourth quarter, to typical Q4 seasonality as well as our stepped up efforts to increase awareness and demand for our CGM products. Just as a point of reference our Q4 product revenues exceeded our total revenues of 2009 by 16%. Obviously, our strong Q4 performance begs the question: What will our growth be in 2012? 
 As a remainder, at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in January, we issued guidance of estimated full-year 2012 product revenue ranging from $85 million to $92 million and we remain comfortable with that guidance. Now we do not plan to provide quarterly guidance going forward. I remind investors that the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter in the durable medical equipment businesses and annual insurance deductibles reset and flexible spending accounts are largely unfunded. So I'll remind investors that within years past approximately 40% to 45% of our product revenues have been generated in the first half of the year and 55% to 60% have been generated in the second half. 
 We do not view 2012 any differently. Last year, Q1 accounted for approximately 20% of our annual revenue and we would expect similar performance in the first quarter of this year. I'll now provide you with the Gen4 update. Shifting to an update on our fourth quarter generation sensor system, I am pleased to report that we have successfully completed this pivotal trial for our fourth generation system and we are actively engaged in our data analysis. We expect to file PMA with the FDA by the end of this quarter or early in the second quarter. I am also pleased to report that we submitted our improved Gen4 configuration with our notified body to obtain CE Mark approval and expect to launch the Gen4 standalone system outside the United States during the summer of 2012. 
 Finally, a partnership update. Turning to our development partnerships in January, we announced that we entered into a development and commercialization agreement with Tandem Diabetes Care. We also have [ph] agreement with Roche under the terms of the Tandem agreement, Tandem will pay discount [ph] to technology license fee of $3 million. Tandem will offset our development, clinical, and regulatory expenses and commercialization of the combined system Tandem will pay discount $100 for each CGM enabled handheld sold. Further our patient-centric model we have adopted an open architecture strategy in order to provide our patients the ability to choose a pump system that best fits their needs. 
 We believe the financial framework established under the Roche agreement and married in our Tandem partnership is appropriate for both existing and potential future pump partners that wish to integrate our advanced CGM technologies into their product offerings. Animas continues to commercialize the Vibe system in Europe and is expected to increase the number of available markets over the course of the year. With regards to the filing of the PMA supplement for U.S. approval of the Vibe, we continue to anticipate filing with the FDA approximately 100 days after we file our Gen4 PMA. 
 Finally, the development of our second generation in-hospital glucose monitoring system conducted in collaboration with Edwards Lifesciences continues to move forward as Edwards mentioned in its Q4 earnings call the commercial launch of Gen2 in Europe is expected before year-end as we collectively work on several additional enhancements to that product. I would now like to turn the call back over to Terry for some concluding remarks. 
Terrance Gregg: Thanks, Kevin. Earlier this month the fifth annual ATTD meeting was held in Spain. Just under 2,000 registrants from around the globe attended the important technology meeting. And prior to the official start of the meeting, there was a full day review of the current status of the artificial pancreas projects currently being conducted around the world and sponsored by a number of entities including JDRF, the Helmsley Trust, the EU and even the French government. DexCom was clearly the sensor of choice in the overwhelming majority of programs regardless of sponsorship. And in fact the few sites not using DexCom sensors approached the company requesting access to our technology to include it in their ongoing efforts, quite a tribute to our sensor technology. 
 Also during the meeting we presented accuracy data on our Gen4 technology and results from our clinical trial in support of our CE Mark filings achieving a mean absolute relative difference of 12.3% when compared to finger stick. This is real-time prospective accuracy and we believe this is the most accurate prospective data that has been presented on CGM to-date. In addition we discussed our Gen5 product platform that provides for open connectivity to a variety of devices including smartphones, tablets and PCs. Finally, we presented recent human clinical data from an ongoing trial of the DexCom/Edwards intravenous sensor in the critical care arena, achieving an MARD of approximately 5%. That is therapeutic accuracy. 
 My final takeaway from the meeting was the presentation sponsored by the Type 1 Diabetes Exchange. The Exchange is a data repository hosted at the Jaeb Center in Florida through generous grant from the Helmsley Trust. 67 clinical centers around the U.S. participate in providing information from their diabetes patients to the Exchange. To date, there are more than 20,000 patients from these centers that have responded to questions regarding their diabetes. Focusing on the more than 1,100 respondents that have utilized CGM, approximately 80% were pumpers and 20% used injection therapy. Of that group, 43% of the patients reported using DexCom CGM which is remarkable when you consider that our install base is about 60% pump and 40% MDI. The authors also concluded that there was no difference in A1c when comparing injections in CGM versus pump and CGM. And with that, I will open up the call to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. 
Thomas Gunderson: So let's start with the new news on SweetSpot, you did a good job of giving us a summary of the concept and technology. Can you give us a little bit better sense of financial impact other than acquisition costs, maybe just a quick summary of what the business equation was and will be for SweetSpot? And secondly, is this going to have any impact on OpEx in 2012? 
Steven Pacelli: Yes. Tom, this is Steve. So from a - I'll start with the kind of the OpEx and the expense and revenue side of the business. Today I mean revenue is very, very small. Particularly we don't expect material revenue contribution in 2012, nor do we expect material additions to the OpEx line from this business. It's a very small business. It's a handful of employees, highly skilled technical employees and some very early sales resources. We're going to expect to add a few bodies over the course of the year to help with the technical build out and probably build a few more bodies into that sales organization. But nothing, there won't be material to the overall business in terms of an expense. In terms of the business model, we talked a little bit about it in Terry's prepared remarks but we're kind of looking at this kind of from an almost as an acquisition of 2 distinct companies in one. So the first side of the business that we focused on - focused most of our prepared remarks on have to do with building out the infrastructure that SweetSpot already has in place. So the 510k cleared product that SweetSpot has today can aggregate basically any brand of commercial glucose meter up to their class A system and then report back that meter data back down to the clinic and the patients can also see that reporting. It provides them with really quick output in terms of very crisp clean reports in very clear plain English messaging on kind of trends and key patterns of things to look for in analyzing the finger stick did. Obviously that analysis and the analytics behind it will become much more robust when you start uploading the equivalent of 288 finger sticks a day versus what the patient is probably taking 4 to 6 to 8 finger sticks a day. We would also look at rebuild out that platform. So from a technical perspective we'll build out the platform to include not just finger stick data but the next step would to be to incorporate obviously our CGM data, and then we would look to incorporate insulin pump data as well from the various insulin pump partners. So from a clinic perspective, the clinical kind of a single platform to aggregate basically all patient devices into a single cloud based platform, and then have access to that data again initially directly into a printer in the clinic or directly into the EMR environment. But overtime the clinician and even the patient will have access to it from a mobile device like an iPad or even potentially a smartphone. So that's kind of one aspect of the business, but then we have the other side of the business which is the revenue generating opportunity. And now the profits for that business are somewhat unknown. It's a very, very new business. The concept of selling data services be it into a clinic, and I think there's opportunities to work with payers in aggregating some of this data and providing that data to the payer community. We have a relationship or SweetSpot has a relationship today with the VA. It's in early stage, only in a single site at this point, but its comprised about floating data and actually remotely monitoring patients. So we see some pretty interesting opportunities. Don't really want to comment much further on that, because I think that business is really an evolving business, but I think its surely has separate and distinct part of the company that we're buying that I think we're pretty excited about. I think your 3 questions I kind of covered them? 
Thomas Gunderson: Yes, just one quick follow-up on that, and also on the website mentions, R&D research -- sorry, applications. Would you see incorporating your clinical trial data both your direct and the ones that you're doing with other companies into this system in the near term? 
Kevin Sayer: Good catch, Tom. Yes. 
Steven Pacelli: Yes, that's part of the platform as well for sure. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. 
Ben Andrew: Okay, great. Just a couple of follow-ups to Tom, and then something else. Did you look at other businesses in this space and what was the build versus buy timeframe, it's a small acquisition but maybe just describe what you saw as you looked around the industry, are these guys one of a kind, or other people been trying to do this? 
Kevin Sayer: No, we did the appropriate diligence of what was available and these were not necessarily one of a kind. They were certainly the most advanced and comprehensive that we saw their current distribution format and the relationships, we talked about the VAs. There are several others that we haven't talked about that they have existing relationships with it, very broad based important relationships that we either today have our own relationships with or certainly will allow us to enter into additional relationships so we're looking across a broad swath of what they can do. And I think that the rough key here and we keep [indiscernible]. So the one thing that we have been missing I think from a standpoint of our ability, we create software. It's in a disc that you put into your computer, PC-based and it's not web enabled. One of the criticisms of DexCom by the physician community has been the inability to pull that information down from a web. For us to build it on our own, which we went back to our own internal IT group, the infrastructure that would be required and the time was enormous, much greater than what we are paying for and having it already integrated. So in many ways we took the advantage of this sophisticated system to buy it now and to build on it with our own IT infrastructure to incorporate it. So that was the decision making. 
Ben Andrew: Okay, that's helpful. And then I mean probably not any time sooner in the current - the scale, but is this the true platform or it could be used outside of diabetes, or just haven't gone there at all, they've been so focused? 
Terrance Gregg: It is a true platform. And as we look at data management, if you were to ask me what I thought the future would look like in 3 or 4 years from now, I will tell you that patients will wear a multiple body worn sensors in which they are registering glucoses as well as blood pressure and other, I mean even today heart rate monitors are common using ANT+ technology as an example through Garmin or Nike endeavors. All of this is really the future of healthcare and so yes, this is a platform that can incorporate other vital sign measurements and also in the convergence of that information to either the patient themselves or to a caregiver. 
Ben Andrew: Okay. And then maybe switching gears a little bit, talk about patient adds, if you're giving that number out or and talk to us about any trends you're seeing with retention and kind of utilization. I know the numbers were solid in the quarter but did you see a change in sensors for patient or the length of time that each patient is using a sensor? 
Kevin Sayer: Ben, this is Kevin. I'll take that. We've kind of scaled back on what we already disclosed with respect to patient adds and kits sales for a couple of reasons. First of all we've been giving our competitor very clear math of everything that we do. Second of all as we disclose kit sales, we've all interpreted that as a new patient add but as we look at the future when Roche purchases a kit, and puts it in professional offices, is that a kit, is an Animas pump placed in Europe a kit and then another transmitter, another kit. Things are getting blurry so we've kind of backed off on that disclosure. I will give you a mix. Our sensor and hardware revenue is still about 30% hardware and 70% sensors. As we look at utilization we do know and Terry can tell you first hand from his field experiences, the patients are wearing our products for a very long time. We'd love it to be shorter but they use it for a long time. We have seen we believe that our more current patients in particular increase utilization in stickiness as they use the product. So our sensors sales were very strong last quarter and we're feeling very good about what we see right now. So I would say that's our trend there. 
Operator: The next question comes from the Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. 
William Plovanic: Fantastic. So just a couple of questions here. Just one on ASPs in the quarter, if you could give us any trending data there in kind of where we sit on the sensors and the kits and then just in terms of one of Ben's questions just any incremental change in attrition rates up or down in patients utilizing the products? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I'll get back to the last thing. We've never disclosed an attrition rate. What we are seeing is what we think it is some pretty strong utilization right now. The mix between sensors and hardware remains 30/70 with respective to pricing. Since so many of our sales now Bill are through managed care contracts, pricing [indiscernible] offset. So we don't see a lot of pricing moving quarter-to-quarter right now. So things have been relatively consistent with what we've had in the past. 
William Plovanic: And then just as we try to kind of find [ph] models, any updates on the total number of patients that are currently utilizing this technology at the end of 2011? 
Terrance Gregg: I think we made the statement that we thought collectively the penetration in the Type 1 category in the U.S. exited the year at around 6%. And how you factor that into a model and you saw where we just most recently and 1,100 plus patients represented a 43%, if you look at Kelly Close's DQ analysis it said about a 54% share. So somewhere in that range, that's about as far as we can go. 
William Plovanic: Okay. And last question, can you give us pretty good clarity on what R&D setting and SG&A would be going forward. As we look at the selling [ph], do you have a targeted of 2013, 2014, 2015 when we think you can get to be a cash flow positive or operating positive business? 
Terrance Gregg: Are you kidding me? I like my job. It's going to have to be quicker than '14 and '15, Bill. We're looking particularly as we get to the very last part of 2012 to start flipping towards cash flow positive, and certainly during 2013 we're confident [indiscernible] 
Operator: The next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies & Company. 
Amy Yacko: This is Amy in for Raj today. Just a question I guess back on SweetSpot, I know previously they did seem to have a direct subscription model for patients, is that still an active business model or is that shifted solely just direct to clinics? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, the 510k approved product is only for clinician use although the patients do have the ability to access the data once they've uploaded it to the clinic. In the future though, we would certainly expect to provide the platform to patients and to all clinicians. 
Amy Yacko: Okay, great. Just kind of switching gears perhaps to the international market, I think wrapping up 3Q, you all know said that a little bit of a tougher market and this quarter Medtronic said that is a very strong performer for them in noting CGM adoption. Could you all talk a little bit about your view of the international markets? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I am happy to. I've spent over the last 3 months I've probably spent 3, 4 weeks in the international markets between Europe, Asia, and India. I think there is great opportunity. We did finish out the fourth quarter in the international sector very strong. I was quite happy and compared to my comments about the 3 previous quarters, Q1 through Q3 we were underperforming but came roaring back in Q4. And I would say as we look out even now the prospects in the international market, although still as a percent of our revenue will be single-digit, maybe approaching double-digits. But again with the robust opportunity and we certainly applaud the good folks at Medtronic for paving the way, spending the money to build those markets and our goal is to come in and trump them with superior technology. 
Amy Yacko: Great. And then just regarding with Roche marketing to the professional physician group. Has that started in earnest and could you talk you talk a little bit about any experiences thus far? 
Terrance Gregg: No, it's actually we were really engaged in the training exercise late last year. It's really not kicking off until just this month with the Roche National Sales Meeting. So we don't really have much of an update at this point. Probably update you in the next couple of quarters as we start to see some traction. 
Operator: The next question comes from Sara Michelmore from Brean Murray. 
Sara Michelmore: I guess I'll hit you with some pipeline questions. First, just on this Gen4 trial, is there a venue where we may see the data from this firstly [ph] this trial. And then on the Gen5, I assume you're thinking right now this should be a supplemental PMA type of route and I am just wondering in terms of the smartphone pieces of submission, how much clarity do you have in terms of what the FDA may or may not require? 
Terrance Gregg: All right, this is Terry. I'll take the -- both questions. The first one with regards to the first display or presentation of material clinical results, we're gearing towards ADA at the first part of June in Philadelphia. We believe that multiple investigators will want to present. Obviously we're trying to get the analysis done, file the PMA which would allow them to meet the timing requirements for late breaking abstracts under the FDA - or the ADA guidelines. Secondly with regards to the Gen5, we are in active discussions and face-to-face meetings with the agency on the Gen5 technology. Don't have any definitive answers, the learning curve of FDA and its convergence of healthcare information, mobile applications bought [ph] into a variety of devices is at it's all time high. We actually have Dr. Sharon [ph], Head of CDRH in our offices in January talking about this specific area. I think we will gain greater clarity as to their comfort level as to what we can and cannot do as a tool aid [ph] mobile device. They remain - their primary concern which is well known has been to ensure that the protocol of receipt from transmission of sensor signal from a transmitter is always primary no matter what you do, regardless of the upgrade to your software or adding apps to your phone and there may - we can make that primary but there are some limitations and we just need to ease them along that process to -- for them to understand that no matter what a individual could do on their phone that that sensor signal cannot be corrupted in anyway. So it's a matter of demonstrating all of the testing that we're doing and others are doing as well. 
Sara Michelmore: Okay, that's helpful Terry. And then just in terms of the Gen4 sensor, can we just get an update on your thoughts in terms of the cost position of that product and I suspect but don't know that that's part and parcel with having that product out there with the lower cost position. That's going to enable you to deliver cash flow breakeven or cash flow positive results in the near term? 
Terrance Gregg: Sara, we've consistently said we can pick up significant margin points when we go to our new manufacturing process. And as we look at internally certainly a SEVEN PLUS margin on sensors once we get there should be achievable based upon the volumes that we would expect to sell. The flip side of that argument is for a year we're going to be manufacturing SEVEN PLUS sensors then we're going to integrate Gen4 sensors. We'll have some blended manufacturing between the 2 but on a pure standalone basis, we're buying [ph] where we think they are going to be. We should have very - we should see a good margin improvement on the Gen4 sensor. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Putnam from Capstone Investments. 
John Putnam: Yes, just to pursue that a little bit Terry, do you think that the gross margin will improve sequentially on a quarterly basis through 2012 then? 
Kevin Sayer: This is Kevin. Again based on volumes and timings of product launches it should, but I'll go back to cautioning and the quarter where we've put and we have to manufacture both and support both, there will be a lot of startup costs involved. But by and large our model would indicate our margins improve every quarter as we increase our volumes. 
John Putnam: Okay. You didn't mention your relationship with Insulet. Can you give us an update on that? 
Kevin Sayer: Yes, I mean not much to update other than Insulet have been focused on the Arrows [ph] system and driving that through the FDA approval process. And obviously we've had our hands full with some things on the Gen4 with the SweetSpot deal. I expect now that both of us can come up for [indiscernible] and Insulet, you see their approval. We're kind of standing by ready to let them go forward with the Gen4. 
Operator: The next question comes from Caroline Corner from McNicoll, Lewis. 
Caroline V. Corner: Most of my questions have been answered, just a couple of quick ones. With regard to the former Abbott patients, since that product has been off of the market now since last August, can you let us know how your sales efforts to those patients have been going and how successful you've been able to capture them, you think as compared to Medtronic's efforts to that? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, by the time that Abbott actually exited the markets, there were less than 300 patients that were still on Navigator sensor. So there is no - we did not go after them specifically as I had mentioned previously. Abbott did give us a heads up that they were going to exit the business and that they would be referring their patients over to us versus referring them over to Medtronic. But we don't have any records specifically of how many of those patients elected to use DexCom sensor technology. 
Caroline V. Corner: Okay. And then my other question is just about the grant revenue line. It looks like that's been fairly strong lately, as we look forward is there any component of that that is recurring that we should model in or is that going to be just on a quarter-by-quarter basis as they come in? 
Kevin Sayer: There is 3 elements in the grant revenue line. The first one is when we receive these upfront payments for development contracts, we amortize those over what we think is the lifecycle development agreement. And those are relatively straight forward, those get amortized in. When we get a milestone payment based upon achieving some performance milestone, we take that revenue and immediately similar to what we did with the Animas revenue in Q2 of this year when we received a CE Mark on that combined system. And then the last 6 [ph] months, on many of our partnership agreements we have a component whereby we can bill them for development revenue in a current quarter as we incur costs in every half and those are recognized quarter, relatively inconsistent depending upon the project that we're working on. We'll amortize the rest of the deferred revenue that we have on our balance sheet over the course of the agreements as we set them up and if others things happen, it rolls in. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Haynor from Feltl & Company. 
Ben Haynor: Have you guys continued to see positive momentum on the reimbursement front, and then are there any specific coverage policy review dates coming up that you might have your eye on? 
Steven Pacelli: Yes, I mean I guess the shorter answer is it gets better every day. And what I mean by that is we continue to see plans that may have been historically restrictive in terms of the documentation required to enable a patient to obtain coverage is lessening or being eliminated in its entirety. With respect to specific coverage policy dates, there is nothing that comes to mind, I mean we're by and large I would tell you north of 95%, maybe 97% of our patients receive reimbursement for the product at this point. The one kind of hole if I were to identify a hole would be the Medicare side of the business which we've been pretty transparent with the market in our plans there in the sense that we need to conduct a clinical trial specific to the Medicare population but as Terry mentioned or Kevin mentioned in the prepared remarks, in order of priority certainly we view a pediatric trial for the Gen4 for example as much more important in the nearer term to our business than running a trial in the Medicare population. So it's something that we'll do at some point in time. We would probably look to have some help from either an industry organization or potentially the Medtronic to try to do something together for a trial like that, but other than that I think reimbursement. We're not out of the woods in terms of eliminating all restrictions with all payers, but I think it continues to get better. 
Ben Haynor: Okay, great. And then on SweetSpot, do you guys believe that if you get patients using that system or service that that could potentially increase the number of sensors that given patients may use overtime? 
Steven Pacelli: Sure, I mean that's only a small part of the strategy but, yes, as patients have a better visualization of their data and there will be component to the SweetSpot system that will roll out over time providing, not just data and analytics but providing motivational support to the patient, really encouraging the patient to maintain better glycemic control, things like that. Sure, we do expect that we do [ph] to better sensor - better and more frequent sensor utilization. 
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Lau from Wedbush Securities. 
Richard Lau: My question is about the Type 2 population. What your current thinking is from that market opportunity, I know you guys said recently that you think that that patient group is kind of ready for CGM now. So I just wanted an update there? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, this is Terry. I think it's clearly ready. We have the Robert Vigersky paper in Diabetes Care. He is doing some follow-up work in the Type 2 population that was demonstrated sustainability of effect overtime even with periodic use. So we believe and we've got at least 2 payers that have - in one case it's still letter of medical necessity and they will approve. We are processing some of our patients on Type 2 through insurance and getting that reimbursed, although it's very small. And I would classify those as one-off. But the opportunity is in my opinion enormous in particularly not only restricted to the U.S. and in fact if you look at some emerging countries where you've got a Type 2 patient with a BMI of 22, and then increase in cardiovascular impact on that patient, they are very concerned about their glycemic control because they look at that and the healthcare systems are beginning to look at that as well, are there preventive ways in which to reduce that glycemic variability and a reduction of the potential longer term complications associated with Type 2. So I think the market is robust. It won't be in 2012, we'll continue to make inroad some of these studies that are being done today. Some will be published later this year. You should see some at ADA, some at the AST [ph], but I don't see anything transformational until no sooner than 2013 or possibly even later. 
Richard Lau: Okay. So it is safe to say you guys probably won't be spending significant marketing dollars behind until 2013? 
Terrance Gregg: No, at this point. I mean we do have some investigator initiated trials and we tend to support with product or in kind but not that we are going out conducting $400,000 trials in the Type 2 population. 
Richard Lau: Okay. And then one more question with regards to your Tandem Diabetes agreement. Can you give us a sense of timing for a potential launch with integrated system there with its own tablet [ph]? 
Steven Pacelli: Nothing specific, we're just literally just kicking off that program now between the development efforts on our side and the development efforts required by Tandem. I'd hesitate to give you any specifics at this point. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Block from SunTrust. 
Christopher Hammond: This is Chris in for Jon. First of all, I just wanted to just make sure that I got the timeline correct for the Gen4, I know you guys mentioned the PMA coming at the end of this quarter potentially early second quarter. But the 100 days after, have you guys in your conversations with the agency have anything incremental that you think you could still get an approval for Gen4 standalone by year-end? Is that slipped to a first quarter '13 event or are you confident that if that happens on a standalone basis by year-end '12? And secondly just a sort of follow-up to Amy's on the international, I know previously we talked about trials for reimbursement concerns international, any update that we could have there would be great? 
Terrance Gregg: Sure. On the Gen4 approval it would be too early to speculate as to what the review timeframe is. And the agency as you all know has historically taken longer than the statutory requirements to review things. You counter that versus what we think will be accent [ph] data that they will be reviewing. So I don't know, I really would not want to forecast any timing of it. Obviously from a launch standpoint, the further out we get into the year 2012, the less motivated we would be to actually launch a product in the last 2 months of the year as an example so we would most likely hold that launch until early 2013. With regards to the international sector, I just got back from Spain. I had multiple meetings with investigators. We will do some small trials for reimbursement. There already exists a number of data analyses with regards to the benefit versus economic outlay that have been filed in [indiscernible] some of these countries are already reviewing them from that standpoint. Others even though it's the European communities they are not as harmonized as one would hope for. So we will run small 20 patient trials with a key opinion later in order to generate that type of data. That will actually happen in 2012. 
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Chodaczek from First Analysis. 
Greg Chodaczek: Yes, just a couple of quick questions. With regards to Edwards, what is the story with the milestone payments, I know - I think there was about $12 million remaining, has that been renegotiated, just a couple - a little color on that and also is there any type of milestone payment when you file a PMA with Animas? 
Kevin Sayer: So I can take both of those, Greg. So with Edwards as we described that we're in active discussions with Edwards but nothing definitive yet. So that sort of a still kind of stay tuned and we'll update you as soon as we have something more definitive. Now Animas if you recall those, the $5 million payment from Animas was based on the CE Mark approval. That was due to the exclusive nature of the Animas pump outside of the U.S. So that the U.S. are non-exclusive. So there is no additional payment there. 
Greg Chodaczek: So looking at the royalty payments this coming year it's a lot of - there is a not a lot of one-timers coming but a lot of amortization is coming. 
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Simpson from Wunderlich Securities. 
Gregory Simpson: Most of my questions have obviously been answered. But Terry, if I could maybe throw something more anecdotal at you, can you maybe characterize your relationship with the FDA at this point? It seems like its improved dramatically and what I am specifically trying to get at obviously the process for the Gen4, it's been kind of excruciating but it seems you guys are going to come pretty rapid fire with the Gen5 and the Gen6. So can you just maybe just throw that - throw some comments at us with respect to the relationship with the FDA today? 
Terrance Gregg: Yes, I would say the relationship with the FDA is at the highest level of collaborative stage that it has been in the past few years. I think to give the FDA all the credit that they richly deserve. They have listened. We have been very open and transparent with Gen4, Gen5, Gen6, other face-to-face meetings, they've been highly receptive to receiving us and making time for us in D.C. to have those face-to-face meetings. As I mentioned Dr. Sharon [ph] was here. And we spent a good 1.5 hours reviewing today's projects, artificial pancreas, future projects with them. And I think there is a real desire for them to try in their best way to accelerate the review process in an efficient, effective way. I will also say though that they have a responsibility that was enabled by the device amendments way back when, that they need to protect the citizens of the United States from adulterated, abusive products. And they take that charter very seriously. So I do think that this world of regulatory science deserved improvement. And that's what Dr. Hamburg and Dr. Sharon [ph] and the people that we deal with have done. It is demanding and it is frustrating for us as well, but in the end I think that the public is better served by having better products. And it forces all of us in industry to actually go the extra mile to produce better, more robust products, to better serve our patients. So I am happy with the FDA at this point in time. I think they are - again, they work in a very collaborative way. If you make the efforts, but you've really got to go out and make the effort on behalf of industry, so the rhetoric that you keep hearing I think is in many ways they can also be an easy excuse. And I think some companies choose to use them in that way. DexCom does not - we view them as a partner in trying to get better products into our patients' hands as soon as possible. 
Operator: At this time, there are no additional questions. Please go ahead with any final remarks. 
Terrance Gregg: Thank you, operator. Well 2011 was an important year for DexCom as we expanded our presence in the diabetes and CGM marketplace. We have long believed that CGM will be the standard of care in glucose monitoring. Although it is not today, we continue to make progress towards that goal in the diabetes community for patients and healthcare providers share our vision. But clearly, it's now apparent that CGM is more than just a continuous glucose monitoring device. As we saw with Dr. Robert Vigersky's Diabetes Care article on CGM on the Type 2 population, it is also behavior modification tool. And this year we will explore its application in pre-diabetes as a financial impact of unprecedented growth of diabetes on a global basis unfortunately continues unabated. DexCom is addressing these challenges and opportunities through strategic partnerships and relationships. We are extremely excited about 2012 as we expand our global reach and CGM takes its rightful place in the entire spectrum of diabetes. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in the DexCom 2011 year-end earnings release conference call. This concludes the conference for today. You may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-07 15:30:00) =====
:
Executives: Terry Gregg - President and CEO Steve Pacelli - COO Jess Roper - VP and CFO 
Analysts: Thom [Gunderson] - Piper Jaffray Bill [Plovanic] - Canaccord Genuity Matt - William Blair Richard - Wedbush
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz] - Weeden & Co.: Jonathan - SunTrust Robinson John [Putnam] - Capstone Investments Greg - [Inaudible] Vivian - Federated Kauffman Bill [Plovanic] - Cannacord Genuity
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions.]I would now like to turn the call over to Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin. 
Terry Gregg: Thank you and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings conference call. Joining me today is Steve Pacelli, our chief operating officer, and Jess Roper, chief financial officer. I'm going to have Steve lead it off and give our Safe Harbors. 
Steve Pacelli: Thanks Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual repost on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on our Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed at SEC, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason. Thanks Terry. 
Terry Gregg : Thanks Steve. Jess is going to start us off today with a financial review of the third quarter. Then I will follow up with a commercial update. Then we'll spend some time talking about the clinical and regulatory environment, including the Food and Drug Administration, our standalone technologies, and our partnerships, and then we can move to your questions. Jess?
Jess Roper: Great, thank you Terry. DexCom recorded product revenue of approximately $10.8 million for the third quarter of 2010, compared to $4.6 million for the same quarter in 2009, an increase of 133%. Sequentially, product revenue for Q3 increased 19% from the prior quarter. During Q3 we sold over 3,900 systems, and sequentially, sensor revenues were up 23% from the prior quarter.  Total revenue for the third quarter of 2010 was $11.7 million, compared to $7.3 million for the same quarter of 2009 and included a $0.9 million development grant and other revenue from our development and collaboration agreements with Edward Lifesciences and Animas Corporation.  Sequentially, development grant revenue declined from $2.7 million to $0.9 million as we re-forecasted the timeframe for recognition of the balance of our development grant revenue from the end of 2010 to the end of 2011.  Our decision to re-forecast the recognition of our development grant revenue was based on longer than expected development and regulatory review timelines under our development and collaboration agreements with Edwards and Animas. Terry will elaborate on this during his prepared remarks. We will recognize the same aggregate amount of development grant revenue, but going forward, the amount recognized per quarter will drop from approximately $2.6 million to $0.9 million and will now be recognized over a longer period of time, through the end of 2011.  These quarterly amounts exclude any milestone based payments that we may also earn. The impact of our change in the recognition of our development grant revenue to our net loss in the third quarter was an increased loss of approximately? $1.7 million.  Cost of sales including both product and non-product totaled $8.2 million for the quarter. Product cost of sales totaled $7.0 million for Q3 of 2010, compared to $4.6 million for the same quarter of 2009. Sequentially, product cost of sales increased by $0.7 million from Q2 to Q3 of 2010 due to the increased number of starter kits and sensors sold during the quarter. The corresponding improved gross margin totaling $3.8 million, or 35% in Q3, compared to $2.7 million, or 30% in Q2 in the prior quarter, was mainly due to additional product revenue.  During the third quarter we increased inventory, primarily hardware components, by $2.3 million from the prior quarter in anticipation of Flextronics', our contract manufacturer, relocating our production line and in anticipation of increased sales volumes. Flextronics is in the process of relocating our production line from California to China.  We expect the new production line to be validated and subsequently improved by the FDA in Q1 of 2011 and for production to start immediately thereafter. We also expect to add some additional hardware inventory in Q4 of this year in anticipation of the move, and then to manage this inventory down beginning Q1 of 2011.  In addition, we expect to increase our sensor inventories in Q4 to account for a shutdown of our internal sensor manufacturing lines for approximately two weeks during Q1 of 2011 to perform upgrades and maintenance. This may lead to a small improvement in gross margins in Q4 due to an increase in manufacturing overhead absorption. Conversely, during Q1 of 2011 we anticipate a slight softening of our product margin as we manage our inventory levels down. Development and other costs of sales totaled $1.2 million for the third quarter of 2010 compared to $1.8 million during the same quarter of 2009. The decline was primarily due to lower expenditures related to the development of our hospital-based system.  Sequentially, development and other cost of sales increased slightly quarter to quarter. Research and development expense totaled $6.2 million for Q3, compared to $3.5 million in Q3 of 2009. The increase in R&D costs was attributed to additional efforts associated with our next-generation ambulatory products. Sequentially, R&D costs increased by approximately $0.7 million from the prior quarter.  Selling, general, and administrative expense totaled $10.4 million in Q3 of 2010, compared to $8.9 million in Q3 of 2009. The increase was primarily due to additional selling, customer service, and information technology costs to support revenue growth.  Sequentially, SG&A remained flat over the prior quarter. Our net loss for the quarter totaled $13.4 million, compared to $13.5 million during the same quarter of 2009, and included $3.5 million of non-cash charges.  Sequentially, quarter to quarter, our net loss increased by $1.7 million, primarily due to recognizing a lower amount of development and grant revenue during the quarter as previously discussed. During the quarter, we converted out the remaining $4 million of our convertible debt, leaving a balance of zero at quarter end.  The loss per share was $0.23, and we ended the quarter with $32 million in cash, restricted cash, and marketable securities. I would like to now turn it back to our president and CEO, Terry Gregg.
Terry Gregg: Thanks Jess. The third quarter of 2010 represented yet another quarter of sequential growth for DexCom. We were extremely pleased with our performance as we again exceeded analysts' consensus estimates for starter kit sales and product revenue, and we achieved a positive product gross margin of 35% for the quarter. Highlighting some key metrics from the third quarter, total product revenue grew approximately 19% sequentially from Q2 2010 to Q3 2010, and was up 133% compared to the third quarter of 2009. We sold approximately 3,900 starter kits, for the SEVEN PLUS in the third quarter, amounting to an 11% increase in starter kits compared to Q2 2010 and up 84% compared to the third quarter of 2009. And we posted an increase of approximately 23% in sensor revenues quarter to quarter as the stickiness among patients who go on the system continues to grow.  We are pleased to report that the demand for our SEVEN PLUS remained strong heading into the fourth quarter, and as we had discussed previously the fourth quarter is historically a strong quarter for product sales in the durable medical equipment business. Our pipeline of new patient referrals continues to expand and we expect the positive trends in sensor utilization we have witnessed thus far in 2010 to continue during the fourth quarter. We'll also continue to work diligently to deliver our message of convenience, performance, and simplicity to patients and caregivers alike. We continue to drive home our message, supported of course by published clinical outcomes data that all sensors are not created equal.  With a substantially larger field presence, we expect our competition will continue to attempt to create confusion in the marketplace with regard to sensor performance. Nonetheless, with the best-performing commercial sensor, we will stay the course and we will continue to win the hearts, minds, and loyalty of patients and healthcare providers. With only 26 direct field sales personnel, commercial reach is one of our greatest challenges, yet we continue to make excellent progress in gaining share. Heading into 2011, we expect to add a modest number of additional sales and clinical personnel to our field ranks, and we may explore one or more partnership arrangements involving the promotion of our standalone CGM systems in order to supplement our direct sales force without significant additional expense. Shifting now to an update on clinical and regulatory affairs, in early October this year, we were subject to a follow-on site inspection by the Los Angeles district office of the Food and Drug Administration. As you'll recall, several months ago we received a warning letter from the agency.  We worked cooperatively with the FDA in response to the warning letter, and we are pleased to report that we concluded this follow-on site inspection with no 43 observations. Additionally, this week we received written notification from the FDA that we have resolved, to their satisfaction, all outstanding issues cited in the warning letter. As you are all well aware, under the leadership of Dr. Margaret Hamburg, the FDA is undergoing sweeping changes to its review and approval policies and procedures, and has set forth as a priority an effort to improve the level of regulatory science the agency applies to all medical devices to better assess, evaluate, and review products. The FDA has embraced their renewed focus on patient safety and risk avoidance. Dr. Hamburg has emphasized publically that it is the agency's responsibility to promote and protect public health into the 21st century.  As a result, the medical device industry is in the midst of a sudden and dramatic shift in the requirements for product approvals. This has created an atmosphere of unpredictability and uncertainty surrounding the submissions process and in many instances it is not altogether clear what the agency will require or expect of new submissions, particularly for companies seeking clearance under the 510(k) regime.  We are living in an era of heightened scrutiny, where requests for additional information are becoming commonplace and consequently approval times are extended. As we mentioned during our last earnings call, we filed a PMA supplement relating to our fourth-generation ambulatory sensor during the second quarter, and we have now received a formal, written response from the FDA.  To call the response comprehensive would be an understatement. Although the Gen4 filing has been classified as a PMA supplement by the agency, we have been requested to provide substantial additional information. For example, we're being asked to repeat certain systems tests we conducted in support of our original PMA application back in 2004 and 2005. In many ways, this feels like a full PMA review rather than a PMA supplement.  Nonetheless, we are working collaboratively with the FDA as we formulate our response and I am extremely proud of our regulatory team and their continued ability to foster a cooperative relationship with the agency, even in this era of enhanced scrutiny and evolving regulation.  In fact, we believe we have identified an opportunity to accelerate review of our next-generation hardware platform as part of an amended Gen4 filing. Specifically, when we conducted the pivotal trial to support our Gen4 sensor filing, our next-generation hardware platform, which includes a smaller receiver form factor with a color screen and a modified transmitter with more robust transmission frequency, were still in the development stage.  Due primarily to the manufacturability and scalability benefits provided by the Gen4 sensor, we elected to move forward with the trial and subsequent filing of the Gen4 sensor paired with our legacy hardware platform. Now, as part of a comprehensive response to the FDA, we intend to include not only the additional information requested by the agency concerning the Gen4 sensor, we expect to include data to support approval of our next-generation hardware platform. This would enable us to launch a more robust fourth generation system.  To facilitate this, we expect to complete a small additional clinical trial with the Gen4 sensor paired with our next-generation receiver and transmitter, and file an amendment to our Gen4 PMA supplement during the first half of next year. Although we cannot predict the ultimate decision or timing for a decision by the FDA, we believe this amended Gen4 submission will be incorporated into the current Gen4 180-day review cycle, give or take a few months.  So while our timeline for launching the Gen4 system will be slightly delayed, through an open and transparent dialog with the agency, we believe we will be in a position to provide the additional information requested of us regarding the Gen4 sensor, and at the same time, accelerate review of our next-generation hardware platform, which would position us to launch yet another best-in-class CGM system during the second half of the year. Shifting to our combination product, the regulatory uncertainty facing the insulin pump market is particularly daunting. Insulin pump companies today are faced with the likely prospect of having their pump products regulated under a new subset of class two devices where approval standards are in a state of flux and human clinical data requirements are unclear.  This changing landscape will certainly impact approval timelines in the United States for integrated systems with Animas and Insulet as I suspect it will for Medtronic and the numerous small privately funded pump companies seeking to bring new pump products to market.  As you know, we filed a PMA supplement seeking approval of an integrated insulin pump continuous glucose monitoring system with Insulet Corporation earlier this year. We've now received a formal written response from the agency regarding our submission, and much like the response to our Gen4 submission, the FDA has requested substantial additional information including additional human clinical trials data concerning the safety of insulin delivery by the system.  We are working with Insulet to formulate an appropriate response to the agency, but due to the time and expense associated with conducting an additional clinical trial, Insulet is evaluating whether it makes sense to move forward with the existing combination product that uses our SEVEN Plus, and the current OmniPod, or whether it would be more beneficial for potential patients to incorporate our current or future generation CGM technology into Insulet's next-generation OmniPod platform and conduct a more expansive trial as requested by FDA.  We are also exploring the opportunity to submit an IDE relating to the existing combination product for research purposes, which would allow us use of the system in various artificial pancreas studies in the near term. With respect to our integrated system with Animas Corporation, we are pleased to report that we have concluded development, and are nearing completion of final systems testing.  However, in light of the uncertain clinical and regulatory landscape I just mentioned, and based on our review of the additional information requested by FDA in response to our PMA supplement filing with our combination product with Insulet, we are seeking a pre-IDE meeting with the agency to determine the best clinical path to support approval of our combination product with Animas in the United States. While this path will not enable us to file a PMA supplement for the Animas system this calendar year, we believe that working on a collaborative basis with FDA prior to conducting a human clinical study is the most prudent course of action from a timing perspective, and certainly the most cost-effective way to proceed. In addition, we remain committed to filing for CE mark approval before the end of this year and expect to be in a position to launch the combination product in Europe during the first half of next year. We also mentioned during our last earnings call that we had submitted a 510(k) application for our first generation IV-based continuous glucose monitoring system, developed in collaboration with Edwards Lifesciences. We have now received a formal written response from the agency regarding this submission and no surprise, the FDA is asking for additional information.  We are currently working with Edwards to determine the most appropriate response regarding the Gen1 system. However, we have made considerable progress in the development of our second-generation system, and we have agreed with Edwards that should the agency require additional systems testing, or additional human clinical data to support the Gen1 510(k) filing, our most prudent course would be to focus on completing Gen2 development and filing for CE mark approval.  As Edwards CEO Mike Mussallem mentioned during the Edwards earning call last week, this may enable us to launch the second generation product in Europe before the end of next year. We expect to work with the agency to ensure that our Gen2 clinical protocols, systems testing, and ultimately our FDA filing for Gen2 meet the FDA's evolving requirements. If we shift from Gen1 and focus our efforts solely on Gen2, we would expect to work with Edwards to appropriately modify our contract to account for our milestone payments. Now let's spend a few moments talking about advanced technology. Certainly driving the Gen4 system and our partnership products through the regulatory process to commercialization remains the primary focus of our clinical, regulatory, and R&D teams. However, we cannot lose sight of the value of innovation to the development and growth of the CGM category and it is critical for us to maintain our technology advantage over competition.  We continue to make progress on our fifth generation sensor system, which we are developing not only as an advanced ambulatory sensor, but also as a subcutaneous sensor for use in the hospital outside of critical care. We continue to believe maintaining good glycemic control as patients transition from the ICU to other areas of the hospital is important in reducing morbidity and mortality, thus positively impacting the economics of caring for these patients. So in conclusion, DexCom is on track for a strong 2010 as the market-leading performance of our CGM technology continues to improve the lives of people with diabetes. Just last month, we were pleased to learn that the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, or AACE, published consensus guidelines for CGM. This is the first-ever full consensus statement on CGM by AACE, and is based on both the clinical experiences of AACE members, and published clinical data.  AACE recommends CGM for patients who are frequently hypoglycemic, who have A1C levels over their targets, who experience large variability in their glycemic levels, who need to lower their A1C levels without increasing hypoglycemic events and/or who are pregnant or are planning to become pregnant.  In the AACE press release it was noted that CGM technology will likely become a key component of comprehensive diabetes management, particularly with Type 1 diabetes patients, and that consistency of use is key as studies have shown that the more consistently CGM is used, the better the results for the patient. We are obviously pleased to see a consensus statement of this nature by the leading organization of endocrinologists in the United States.  Certainly the regulatory environment in which we are operating is challenging, so much so that on October 12, 2010, a group of congressional lawmakers sent a letter to Dr. Hamburg asking her to delay the implementation of certain changes that the agency is considering for the 501(k) program. Lawmakers have raised concerns that their implementation could prevent companies from using important evidence in product applications, delaying the introduction of innovative new therapies and potentially upset the delicate balance that exists between providing information to the public and protecting intellectual property.  I'm often asked about my greatest fears facing our industry. Honestly, it is a fear that the American medical device companies, long known as the leaders in medical innovation, will be forced to look to international markets to first launch new products where barriers to entry are less stringent. This could have a severe impact on the quality of care for patients in the U.S. and for our economy.  At the same time, I am reminded how fortunate we are to have a best-in-class FDA-approved commercial product in the SEVEN Plus that is making a difference in the lives of our patients each day, and that's the trajectory of our growth, both as a category and our company puts DexCom in a very enviable position despite the challenges of the current regulatory environment. We will continue to aggressively invest in our future, which we believe is very bright.  Thank you, and we will now entertain questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions.] Our first question comes from Thom, of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Thom [Gunderson] - Piper Jaffray: So that was a lot on the FDA. Let me see if I can dig in a little bit and just make sure that I caught it. If we look at Gen4, Terry, you did a good job of going through a lot of this but I'm not sure I caught it. If I take it to the bottom, are you going to do a sensor plus legacy hardware? Or are you just skipping over that and going to sensor plus the new hardware?
Terry Gregg : We've already done the legacy with the Gen4 and the pivotal trial, but because they asked for additional not only sensor information, we've elected now to do the next trial as a brand new system in terms of the Gen4, which hasn't changed. That will be added on to the clinical data that they already have, plus the new hardware, the new transmitter as well as global receiver.
Thom [Gunderson]: And that's what will be launched first?
Terry Gregg : Correct. That will be launched first.
Thom [Gunderson]: And then I know this is painful, but I just have to make sure I understand it, and that is on the Animas pump, which is approved, and your SEVEN Plus, which is approved, they're asking for more data?
Terry Gregg : Yes. I think if you look at this whole area with regards to 510(k), back a few months ago they - they being FDA - issued new pump proposed guidance. That said, in the creation between class 2a products and class 2b products, and pumps, insulin pumps, other pumps, LVPs, were also included in this proposed class 2. The class 2 now requires under the guidance proposal, and then I'll add the fact that they're actually using that in rejecting 510(k) applications from pump companies today, even though it's a guidance document, not officially sanctioned guidelines, that that requires clinical trial in the actual pumping of insulin. So we have to go through that, yes, with the Animas product.
Steve Pacelli: Thom, just to clarify actually, you're referring to the Insulet combination. Insulet, as you'll recall, is paired with the SEVEN Plus. The Animas product, when complete and filed, will be paired the Gen4 sensor.
Thom [Gunderson]: So still, I understand the rules as they've been put out there, but it seems like on the cusp for already approved might have gotten a buy, but they didn't, so you've got to join the crowd.
Terry Gregg : No, I think in this regulatory environment, no one's getting a buy.
Thom [Gunderson]: Yeah. That's what it feels like. As it applies to not only the development and launch of new products, but as you pointed out in the beginning it also applies to how we recognize the developmental revenues, can you give us a sense of what you're looking at for new timing for Gen4, Edwards, Animas, and Insulet in the U.S.?
Terry Gregg : Well, that's three different systems, four possibly, as we related to it. I think in the case of, let's start with Gen4, that's most near and dear to our hearts today. We will respond to the agency in the early part of next year. Can't give you an absolute date when we expect to have that filing. If, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we still fall under that 180-day review, the expectation would be late next year we could introduce a product in the U.S.  Again, I caution everyone. This is a moving target as it relates to the FDA and anything I'm saying here is trying to look through a crystal ball that is quite cloudy.  And I think then if you look at Animas as the next combination, since it is using Gen4, we can't get that combo product approved certainly until the Gen4 product is approved in the United States. But as I mentioned, we have already filed the Gen4 with the agency. We've filed it with our notified body. I think getting it into the international sector in the first half of next year is something that is very doable. Unfortunately, then it puts us in a position where the U.S. is a secondary market to the European sector for that combination product.  And the same is in the Edwards Lifesciences. [inaudible] prepared remarks say that if the agency is going to come back and force us to do more work on the Gen1, that was never intended to be a fully commercializable version. That was to gain awareness and understanding at the user level and to then come forth with a Gen2 product as a full commercializable product. That is still the intent, I think given what Mike said in the Edwards remarks and what I said earlier today, we would look to introduce that in the European sector late next year, towards the fourth quarter of next year. The Insulet situation's a bit more difficult to describe, only from the standpoint that Insulet's got to make some decisions as to what they want to do going forward, either to move forward with the SEVEN Plus, or if they make the decision to go to Gen4 or even Gen5 for the future product as they look at their own economic situation and make that decision if they're going to combine that with their next generation system. I think those discussions are ongoing, no definitive answers have come of that. I'll just tell you my opinion is if I were driving the ship, I'd be launching with the SEVEN Plus, because I would certainly want to have some cannibalization going on of the existing pump combo by Medtronic. But I don't make that decision. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Bill [Plovanic] - Canaccord Genuity: Wow. We'll start off the last question. Do you currently have an agreement with Insulet for the next generation, the Gen4, or that's the decision they have to make, whether they would option that in?
Steve Pacelli: No, not specifically. Our current contract does not provide for access to our future technologies, but certainly we're open to discussing that with them. Be it, as Terry mentioned, Gen4 or potentially even Gen5 depending on the development timelines there. I think the big question is whether we push forward hard and fast with the current developed product, which incorporates the Gen3 technology versus looking at something that would require some additional development time and expense and some additional clinical work. So that's really a decision for the Insulet team at this point.
Bill [Plovanic]: And then to gain clarity on the Edwards, you mentioned the EU second half of '11 with the Gen2. Could we hypothesize then that the U.S. would be a late-2011 or probably even a 2012 as you just gain experience with Gen2 in Europe?
Terry Gregg : We're still at this point in discussion with the agency with regards to Gen1, and once we have a definitive answer from them as to what they're really looking for, then that will be the basis for what we do with Gen2 in the U.S. But let's assume for discussion that they're going to ask us to do more systems testing and more additional clinical work on the Gen1. That doesn't make sense on a product that we only intended as an introduction just to gain experience with, so we would move much faster to Gen2. Therefore, under that scenario, Gen2 in the U.S would be a 2012 product, and my guess at this point, given what I know, following the Gen2, E.U. introduction. But again, I don't have good analytics on that yet, because we don't have all the information from the Food and Drug Administration yet.
Bill [Plovanic]: And then a tougher question I guess, if you decide to just skip Gen1 and go right to Gen2 do you get a milestone payment from Edwards?
Terry Gregg : I think I mentioned in the prepared remarks, yes there are, if you look back at the agreement, there's a $2.5 million Gen2 CE mark, and a $5 million Gen2 FDA approval and then a $2 million Gen2 Japan approval. So I think the question is on the Gen1 FDA approval of $2.5 million, plus some additional developmental dollars, that's what has to be reworked in the contract.
Bill [Plovanic]: And then, just on the nature of the additional data, obviously this all takes time, but is there anything in there that would be longer-term follow up than what you've normally done in any of your studies?
Terry Gregg : No. You know, in the world of glucose metering, there's a lot of debate that's going on with regard to the current ISO standard, and so, as you know, there was first the PQQ enzyme issue and then there was a recommendation that the ISO standard be tightened. That has not been officially done, and so the agency has yet to give us clear targets as to what their requirements are. Therein lies some of our problem. They don't know what they want yet, and so therefore it's kind of hard for us to plan accordingly, even to initiate additional bench top work or even additional clinical work. We don't know what the target is. And I don't think they yet know what the target is. So it's a little bit of a conundrum, and very frustrating for the industry to try to target something that is yet to be defined.
Bill [Plovanic]: And then what type of ASPs did you see on your starter kits?
Jess Roper : We had ASPs of about $800 this last quarter.
Bill [Plovanic]: Really, so it's going up?
Jess Roper : It's gone up a little bit, steadily quarter by quarter.
Bill [Plovanic]: Well, the good news is the base business continues to perform very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Matt - William Blair: Good afternoon, it's actually Matt in for Ben. Kind of following up on Bill's question a little bit, if we could talk about that base business. The performance in the quarter in what's typically a seasonally-soft quarter was very good. Can you talk about the patient flows in the quarter? Was it a function of reimbursement, that [inaudible] kind of improving a bit? Did you get better penetration in MDI patients? Can you just talk a little bit about the patient flows in the quarter?
Terry Gregg : It all boils down to more patients coming in, so that's the start of the cycle. Certainly our, I won't call it the backlog, but the folks that are in line as they come in to our - we call them opportunities. That flow has increased. Certainly both from pump patients as well as from MDI patients. I think we're still running, the last survey, around 60% pumps, 40% MDI patients. I think an increasing number of patients are using the product more consistently and that's - the term we use is stickiness from the standpoint that we're seeing more patients who use the product 24/7 rather than either not using the product 24/7 or even deciding not to use the product at all. And so I think that's all contributing to this growth.  I also think there's just greater awareness of CGM as a category, so we're beginning to get exposure beyond the traditional just endocrinology group treating Type 1 patients. We see referrals coming in from internal medicine, from family practice and general practitioners that are now much more aware of CGM as a category. Obviously, having the AACE group come out with a positive recommendation is huge because many of the folks who are non-endocrinology specialists but have large diabetes practices look to AACE for their recommendations of treatment therapies.  So I think it's just a whole combination of our product is performing extremely well. We're producing the best sensors in the history of this company in terms of accuracy, durability, and just the general robustness. Each quarter we intend to get better, just as we increase in volume and move to more of a manufacturing controlled environment, less variability. And at the same time you've got a growing awareness of CGM as an instrumental tool in reducing the amount of glycemic variability for those patients. So there's no one thing that is driving it. I think it's a combination.
Matt - William Blair: And then just flipping over to the production side of things, I caught a little bit of what Jess was saying, but the move to Flex, that's new news to me. Just walk us through that again a little bit in terms of I think you said you're going to ramp up during Q4 in anticipation of that move to manufacturing over there in Q4, then it will come online in Q1, you'll start to work down that inventory beginning next year. When do you think that you'll start to really see the benefits of Flex and then any sense of it longer term, even on the Gen3 product, where the cost per system can go in terms of manufacturing out of China?
Terry Gregg : When we look at the opportunities from a reduction in COGS. That's really at the sensor level, more so than at the hardware level. We do expect to see some reduction by moving to China, but when we talk about the great reductions, that's really Gen4 manufacturing when we talk about COGS. I think there is some 5%-10% upside moving to China on the hardware side, but again, that's why we were stressing to move into Gen4. That's why we ran the pivotal trial with legacy hardware from that standpoint because there were so many benefits on the manufacturing scalability of Gen4. So we're having to postpone that as a result of the agency delay. But the hardware is as I've stated.
Matt - William Blair: Okay, and one last one, and I apologize. It's a bit of a tough one. But just given the delay in integrated systems, margins, gross margins likely to be a bit soft in [inaudible] models, and then additional spending on SG&A for new reps and then some more R&D spending, how do you feel about your cash position? Do you think you'll need to come back to the market to raise more money? Or do you think you can get to profitability with the existing cash balances and other financing options?
Jess Roper : We exited the quarter at $32 million, and still another $17 million due us from the milestone payments. The million we should get from Animas this year and $4 million in the first half from Animas as we hit that milestone in the first part of next year for OUS. We're always looking at it from this standpoint. Obviously we're sensitive to our cash needs. We discuss it with the board routinely, and we keep an eye on the ball from that standpoint. But that's about the only way I can address it. I always remain [inaudible] myself, but we have to do what's in the best interest of the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Richard - Wedbush: I think I'm all set on the FDA stuff, but I was wondering - you were talking about increased stickiness in the quarter. Can you comment at all on how long patients are now wearing the sensor, per week or per month?
Terry Gregg : They're supposed to wear it a week at a time, the indication for use. And that's all we promote and recommend. That said, obviously even by evidence of some of the questions that FDA is asking us on the Gen4, and their comments to us that DexCom we know the patients traditionally wear your sensor for a longer period of time than the recommended use. As a result of that, they've asked us to do some additional testing relative to indwelling time in patients of a longer nature.  So I would say, and I can only reflect on, that if you look at people like Close Concerns that have indicated some in their surveys over 75% of the patients on DexCom tend to wear it routinely and vigorously. And that's what we're continuing to see, those types of reorder patterns, which would indicate the patients when they go off or they cease wearing a sensor regardless of what the timeframe is that they immediately put a new sensor on and activate it. So we're beginning to see that continue to creep up, and I think that's positive. That's where we're seeing that stickiness.
Richard - Wedbush: And then just can you guys comment a little about Type 2 clinical trials going on? I believe there was a Walter Reed study that was scheduled to complete in September.
Terry Gregg : There's a meeting next week in Bethesda at the Diabetes Technology meeting. I don't know if Dr. [inaudible] is going to be presenting. We know that the last patient should be enrolled this month, so I wouldn't expect anything. At best we would get interim data next week, and I doubt it. I think given the nature - it's a hundred patient clinical trial for a year, type 2 patient, half on SMBG, half on CGM. My suspicion is that he's going to want not to disclose information. He probably wants to present it at ADA here in San Diego in June, and wants to not jeopardize having it in a major peer review journal. But that's the only status I know.
Richard - Wedbush: And then one last question. I was kind of poking around on your website. I noticed for a little while now it says you guys are making upgrades to the online store. Is there any sense of the timing, when the online store will be up and running?
Steve Pacelli: Yeah, it is a project that we're currently undertaking. It's a 2011 project for sure. It will be launched, and I can't give you an exact time in 2011. It will be launched first with respect to reorders and then sort of get rolled out incrementally for reorders first, and then for new patients to the therapy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mimi of Weeden & Co. Please go ahead.
Mimi [Pham :  Regarding the FDA requirement for clinical trial data for the integrated OmniPod SEVEN Plus, you're using both devices the same way except for the screens, you know combined on the one PDN. Can you just help us understand what their concern is, and what they might get out of the clinical study?
] - Weeden & Co.:  Regarding the FDA requirement for clinical trial data for the integrated OmniPod SEVEN Plus, you're using both devices the same way except for the screens, you know combined on the one PDN. Can you just help us understand what their concern is, and what they might get out of the clinical study?
Terry Gregg : Let's date back for a period of time. FDA's never had the opportunity because of the 510(k) mechanism, to push these companies in this direction. It's the pump companies, so we have to separate this. They want to see insulin being pumped. It has very little to do with DexCom. It has almost everything to do with the pump side of the equation and then the integration. We've done all the human factors work that we needed to do, showing that patients could use the different streams, they could toggle between them effectively. They understood all of those applications.  So now it's once these pump guidelines went into place and Dr. Hamburg has stated publically that the reason that they want to move pumps into this class 2B is because over the last few years there have been over 50,000 reported MDRs for pump problems, both in insulin pumps reported by insulin groups as well as people like Baxter, CareFusion, and Hospira, and their large-volume pumps in the hospital. So we have to, even though you have a 510(k) notified pump that's been on the market and you have a PMA approved CGM that's been on the market for a number of years, they now take this opportunity, they being the agency, to say aha, now they want you to do this, which they should have been doing all along.  I can't really - and remember I've spent nine years in the pump world - I can't really fault the agency from that standpoint, and I've long said it amazed me that the pumps were 510(k) products that carry around anywhere from 180 to 300 units of insulin, which is a potentially lethal amount of insulin. And so they were never quite required to do all the types of clinical evaluation that other more significant risk devices were subject to. So I think it's just the agency flexing their muscle, saying now we have a right to know. Remember, Dr. Hamburg, publically, it is FDA's responsibility to promote and protect humans in a clinical setting into the 21st century. And they're exercising their muscle.
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: And you used the word substantial. Did you guys get some sort of indication of patient trial size and follow up timelines?
Terry Gregg : No. If you're talking about the integrated product -
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: For the integrated product, correct.
Terry Gregg : No, I think it's just that's part of the require - we've got to go back to them, Insulet and DexCom make a decision as to the path forward, go back to them, secure their prior approval of the clinical trial protocol, and then move forward from there. I can tell you I was at the [inaudible] two weeks ago, Dr. Hamburg spoke there, and made a recommendation to 1,700 attendees that whatever they're doing they want to be part of the protocol development process. So we can fight them or we can work in a collaborative fashion. We, DexCom, have elected to work with them in a collaborative fashion and present those in advance, those protocols.
Jess Roper : And I think that's reflected in our path forward with Animas. Rather than staying the course that we had charted in terms of the clinical trial that we were anticipating conducting before the end of this year, and filing with Animas, we took a step back and we're going to work collaboratively with the FDA to get that clinical protocol blessed before we jump into the trial with Animas. So we think we can out of the gate do it the right way the first time.
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: Got it. Then can you give us any ballpark figures on how many new centers are prescribing, in those you've sold SEVEN Plus into, starter kits into the third quarter?
Terry Gregg : No, we don't publish that information.
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: Would you characterize that there's enough under-penetrated areas out there to continue to expand the number of new centers prescribing?
Terry Gregg : Clearly.
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: And then just is there any current backlog in the back office, or is that a totally done issue at this point?
Jess Roper : It's a non-issue. We monitor the opportunities. There are basically mathematical models that we use. We know when an opportunity comes in, how fast we, depending upon the insurance that that opportunity or that patient has, how fast we can get them through the system. Actually it's all home built. It's not something you can buy off the shelf. You have to build the software program. We've increased our sales numbers and throughput without increasing the back office folks, so it's been quite effective and efficient.
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: And in another separate device sector, I guess they were talking about some pushback from insurers in late September and through October, about them adding some requirements for devices and putting more resources behind the pre-approval process. Did you see anything new over the last month or two on the payer side, where they're trying to make it harder at all?
Terry Gregg : No. Actually if anything we've seen a couple of the blues modify their criteria to make it easier. And we think that's going to continue to move in that direction and then on top of that you have AACE coming out last month with a very strong statement, so I don't see any of that. The data is irrefutable, no matter where you look. Anything associated with CGM shows two things: number one, you can reduce your A1C significantly without the increase in hypoglycemia, and the second, the more you use it, the better the results. The one thing we'd still like to see, obviously, is an economic analysis applied to that that shows the payer system, which we believe wholeheartedly that there will be a reduction in the payments for patients with diabetes in terms of the consequences of diabetes in terms of the morbidity clinical complications as a result of better glycemic control.
Mimi [Pham Schoenholtz]: And one last question. I think before you talked about your sales strategy. You were going to focus more time on the MDI patients while your partners focused on the top market. Now that that's pushed out are you going to add more marketing dollars and resources towards the top market over the next year?
Terry Gregg : No. I think our strategy stays the course. I think our pump partners have an incentive, appropriate incentive, that even without a combined system at this point for them, knowing that it is on the horizon, it's just the horizon got a little bit further out, that they are highly motivated to get their pumps. And so there's still today more of an informal effort, but we're still getting referrals from our pump partners, and I think that's still the strategy and course of direction we'll choose to take.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan of SunTrust Robinson. Please go ahead.
Jonathan - SunTrust Robinson: Maybe first question, Jess, just when I look at R&D, it's stepped up a little bit here in the third quarter. Just curious with some of your commentary how we can look at that going forward. In other words, it's sort of flat now from here, because I'm guessing based on your commentary that total spending is now likely to occur over a longer period of time.
Steve Pacelli: I think that's right. There's some additional spend that we'll occur during the first part of next year as we look to enhance some of these clinical trials. We'll do an expanded Gen4 trial. We'll get to the trial with Animas, etc. So I would say that, and mindful that we need, and I hope Terry emphasized it sufficiently, we need to keep our eye on innovation and on the Gen5. So certainly the R&D dollars are not going to go down particularly in the first part of next year, but flat to slight uptick from where we are today I think is reasonable. And I think as you get out into the 2012, 2013 timeframe is where you start to see that come down.
Jonathan - SunTrust Robinson: And then Terry, sorry to circle back on this one, just a lot of moving parts with the FDA and I just want to make sure I've got it correctly. On the Gen4, now you're going to go ahead and file the new hardware platform with the Gen4. Does that add any complexity to a filing, where it's a lot of uncertainty with the FDA right now? In other words, you've gotten the question from Gen4, if you sort of stayed the course and you get that through, now that you're doing what looks like a combined filing could they come back to you. You've got to make some change on the hardware side and ultimately the whole thing gets kicked back in '11?
Terry Gregg : No, I think if you look at the hardware, typically these would be relatively small PMA supplemental filings. From the hardware standpoint you look at what are you doing, the stream's the same, it's really the form factor is smaller. You've gone to a color screen versus an LED that we use now. We tried to keep it as much the same in terms of the screens and what the patient would see in order to avoid that potential problem. We will do a human factors evaluation, which is required regardless. If we're combining it in a single filing if we had to do we would submit that anyhow. That's a standard requirement. The transmitter is for all purposes it's an improved transmitter. We get greater range. There's just some nice attributes to it. But again, from the FDA's standpoint it's no real change from what we're doing today. We're moving from, on the transmitter, from 402 MHz to 2.4 GHz, but it's a standard transmission that they see all the time. So as long as we're able to do the basic fundamental testing, we know what that is and satisfy that, I don't believe that that makes it any more complicated at all. It's really the Gen4 sensor has been the bulk of them asking for more information.
Jonathan - SunTrust Robinson: Understood. And maybe just one or two more. You mentioned building inventory in 4Q as Flextronic takes the production over to China. So first little one, just in terms of gross margins, so we think about it inflating 4Q in and around what - 100 bps to 200 bps - that then subsequently comes out as you work down the inventory in the first half of '11?
Steve Pacelli: Yes, that's correct. When we're talking about margin we're talking about building in this case sensors as well as hardware, so when we shut down the line in January for those first two weeks we'll build up some additional sensors. There's some overhead that we'll absorb in that. We'd expect kind of in the range of 1-3 margin points that we might have higher Q4 and then there would be a little softening in Q1 as we don't need to build as many sensors.
Jonathan - SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Great. And then last one, and [inaudible] sounds so conservative with the FDA but what is, from an inventory standpoint, you said you expect the FDA to sign off in China in 1Q '11. Where could you go from an inventory standpoint, God forbid that timeline were to slip three or six months?
Steve Pacelli: That's the whole purpose of building up this inventory. Without giving specifics, we have plenty of runway, and that's really been the exercise that we're undertaking here with some of the inventory. The hardware we started to build in the third quarter and will continue in the fourth.
Jess Roper : If you look we added about roughly $2.3 million in inventory. Most of that in Q3 was hardware-related. We'll add, don't have an exact number, another million or two, probably in Q4, between the mix of hardware and sensors.
Operator: Our next question comes from John of Capstone Investments. Please go ahead.
John [Putnam] - Capstone Investments: Terry, given the intensity of the discussion on the agency, do you have any feel as to where this process is? Are we just in the beginning? Have we reached the middle? I'm sure you haven't reached it yet.
Terry Gregg : [Laughter.] Well, I've been doing this for 40 years, and I will tell you this is the worst that I've ever seen it in 40 years of medical device experience, and I think most CEOs would echo my comment. I don't think we're at the end. I think it will be interesting to see with the election the way that it went yesterday, how much more pressure is brought to bear. We've already seen a dozen or so Congress people respond in a very negative way. While I was in DC a couple of weeks ago, I went to Congressman Bill Brady's office to meet with his chief of staff up on the hill to talk about us as an employer in San Diego and a growing entity, and there were lots of industry people up on Capitol Hill visiting their local Congress people to express the same kind of concerns and sentiment. So time will tell. We saw this before, not like this. We saw this during the Clinton administration with David Kessler. That was more of an enforcement-minded. This is more big government, we know what's best for you and you saw how the voters responded to that kind of philosophy yesterday. So it's a timing issue. But if we're stuck with this no matter what, my guess is 2-4 years.
John [Putnam]: Did they respond at all to the congressional letter? The one you mentioned in October?
Terry Gregg : I've not seen any public response. There was a meeting this week in Cleveland, I believe Dr. Hamburg spoke from that. We have an individual on our staff that was there. She did not comment on anything that Dr. Hamburg spoke of relative to that letter from the various Congress people.
John [Putnam]: Thanks. And another issue, I just wondered where you are on pediatric approval?
Terry Gregg : Well, it's interesting because we did, in fact, complete a pediatric trial with Gen4. The results were outstanding. We finished that trial before we got the letter from the agency asking for more information on Gen4 in the adult population. So we've got to go back there. I'm not quite sure what we do with this pediatric clinical trial information, if it will be sufficient or if they will require us to do another clinical trial. Don't know the answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg of [inaudible]. Please go ahead.
Greg - [Inaudible]: Terry, at the beginning of the year you were talking about high deductibles and co-pays pushing back the purchasing decisions of many of your potential customers. Do you see that waning a little bit as we get into the last half of the year?
Terry Gregg : Well, yeah. We don't see any of that right now. All the flexible spending accounts and so forth, we're not seeing any of that. Obviously, we've got Q1 looming in front of us, and I would say again that typically in the durable medical equipment business Q1 is soft, and we expect that January even into February if it's a repeat of last year, January was very soft. Half of February was soft, and then we started roaring back in the second half of February, and March was an outstanding month. I'm predicting, and internally we're anticipating, that that's going to be a repeat of last year into the first quarter. But right now nothing that we're seeing, and just the opposite. We're showing a strong fourth quarter as we expected.
Greg - [Inaudible]: So that kind of fizzles out last part of February and by March you're back to normal.
Terry Gregg : That's what happened this year, so unless something changes in the healthcare environment that would alter that, it's pretty predictable.
Greg - [Inaudible]: And with regard to the ASPs on the starter kits, why are those creeping up?
Jess Roper : We've got opportunities to amend our contracts with some of the payers and then the new payers that we entered into were in a more favorable pricing than we were initially when we started this a couple of years ago.
Greg - [Inaudible]: And do you see that trend continuing?
Jess Roper : That's a good question. I don't know if I would count on just continued pricing forever, but we've had some good traction so far.
Steve Pacelli: Just for some color, I don't know if you've been following the company quite as long, but if you look back historically, back when we were a cash pay business, our [inaudible] were in the $400-$500 range. It crept up into the $600 range, so I think we've done an outstanding job, our contracting team has done an outstanding job, of moving that ASP to where it is today, creeping into that $800 range. I don't know how much room there is to go quite honestly. But as long as we can maintain that positive ASP we're pretty pleased with our pricing.
Greg - [Inaudible]: I was a little shocked when you said $800. I was tapping out at about $800 but that was in the middle of next year, but we can adjust that slightly. And with regard to the insulin pumps, Terry, this is more of a comment than a question. I think you're spot on with regard to 510(k)s for insulin pumps. I think they're using your old device, the old 508 insulin pump for the predicate devices, and that's a long time ago. So I think that continues. I wish you the best on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivian of Federated Kauffman. Please go ahead.
Vivian - Federated Kauffman: A couple of questions on the FDA timelines. Are you still thinking that the Animas in combo with the Gen4 could get filed before or after the Gen4 if approved?
Terry Gregg : No, it will be filed before the Gen4 is approved.
Vivian - Federated Kauffman: Okay. In other words they can process that in parallel.
Terry Gregg : It's in lock step with the Gen4. That's our [inaudible]. Once the Gen4 gets filed, the Animas Gen4 combination will be filed very quickly thereafter.
Vivian - Federated Kauffman: And the same would be true, then, for the insulin as well, whatever path they go down? They wouldn't need to wait for the Gen4?
Terry Gregg : No, they would not need to wait for the Gen4 to have a formal PMA approval.
Vivian - Federated Kauffman: Okay. And then do you get a sense from Animas that they would be willing to commit to a full launch in Europe before the U.S. approval?
Terry Gregg : Yes. I think they've just looked at the regulatory landscape for J&J, not just Animas, and that this is what we're going to have to live with and we need to get that product out in the market wherever they're allowed to first, so we've jointly said we would go out into the European market first.
Operator: Our final question comes from Bill of Cannacord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Bill [Plovanic] - Cannacord Genuity: Just a couple of points of clarity. One, ASP on the disposables, and then two, I know you don't normally do this, but you seem to be [inaudible] about Q4. I was wondering if just directionally, in terms of new patient addition you might give us some color, is that going to be up 10%, 20%, up 30%? That would be helpful. From Q3.
Terry Gregg : I'll let Jess answer the ASP on the sensor. 
Jess Roper : Sensors is hovering right around 60, just a little north of $50 per sensor.
Terry Gregg : We've seen that stay pretty consistent over the last several quarters. Listen, I'm not going to give guidance percent-wise. We're four days into November, we've got October behind us. We're happy with what we're seeing, both from the patients we've already shipped, and with what's in the opportunity going forward. I've been out in the field recently. I'm happy with what I'm hearing out there from the prescribers and our sales force, so I would just say, again, each quarter I say we should do more than we did the last quarter. I'll say Q1's always the toughest, so that's soft, but certainly going into the fourth quarter we should see sequential growth from the third quarter, and I would probably get fired if we don't. So I am highly motivated.
Operator: That was our final question. Terry, did you have any closing remarks?
Terry Gregg :  Just a couple. In summary, we have created a very special company, and we are being rewarded by the patients we serve and the healthcare providers we help. CGM continues to become more important in the therapy armamentarium to combat the complications of diabetes and excessive glycemic variability. DexCom is the continuous glucose sensor of choice by healthcare professionals. We are the technology leader, and we expect to maintain our leadership position in the future with our Gen4, Gen5, and future technologies. We are the sensor of choice in more than a dozen artificial pancreas projects around the world, and there is a reason that we are the sensor of choice. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - President and CEO Steve Pacelli - COO Jess Roper - VP and CFO
Analysts: Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Ben Andrew - William Blair Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams Mimi Pham - Soleil Securities John Putnam - Capstone Investments Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom's second quarter earnings call. My name is Anthony and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you operator and thank you for joining DexCom today for our second quarter 2010 earnings call. Joining me today from DexCom are Steve Pacelli, our Chief Operating Officer and Jess Roper our Chief Financial Officer. Steve will start off and give you our Safe Harbor statement.
Steve Pacelli: Thanks Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans and performance and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual repost on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on our Form 10-Q and other reports filed at SEC, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revive these forward-looking statements for any reason. Thanks Terry.
Terry Gregg : Thanks Steve. Now Jess will provide you with a financial review of the quarter, then I'm going to move into the commercial overview of the quarter including clinical and regulatory partnerships update on looking to the present and future of our technology by concluding remarks and then we will provide you with the opportunity to ask us a few questions, Jess?
Jess Roper: Thank you, Terry. DexCom reported product revenue with approximately $9.0 million for the second quarter of 2010, compared to $4.1 million for the same quarter in 2009, an increase of 120%. Sequentially, product revenue for Q2 increased by 34% from the prior quarter, during Q2 we sold over 3,500 systems. Sequentially, essential revenues were up 37% from the prior quarter. Total revenues for the second quarter of 2010 was $11.8 million, compared to 6.8 million for the same quarter in 2009, and included $2.7 million in development grant and other revenue from our development and collaboration agreements. Cost of sales including both product and non-product totaled $7.3 million for the quarter. Product cost of sales totaled $6.3 million for Q2 2010, compared to $4.6 million for the same quarter in 2009. Sequentially, product of cost of sales increased by $1.2 million from to Q2 2010, due to the increased number of units sold during the quarter. The corresponding improved product gross margin totaling $2.7 million in Q2, compared to $1.6 million in the prior quarter was due mainly to additional product revenue. Development grants and other cost of sales totaled $0.9 million for the second quarter of 2010, compared to $3.2 million during the same quarter of 2009. The decline was due to lower expenditures related to the development of our hospital-based system. Sequentially, development in other cost of sales remained flat quarter-to-quarter. Research and development expense increased $2.0 million in total $5.4 million for Q2 of 2010, compared to $3.5 million in Q2 of 2009. The increase in R&D cost was attributable to additional efforts associated with their next generation ambulatory products. Sequentially, R& D cost increased by approximately $0.7 million in the prior quarter, as a reminder R&D cost associated with our development and collaboration agreements Animus and Edwards, included within development and other costs of sale. Selling general and administrative expense totaled $10.4 million in Q2 of 2010, compared to $9.0 million in Q2 of 2009. The increase was primarily due to additional selling, customer service and information technology cost to support revenue growth. Sequentially, SG&A increased $0.6 million over the prior quarter due to the additional selling and marketing costs. Our net loss for the quarter totaled $11.7 million, compared to $15.3 million during the same quarter in 2009 and included $3.9 million in non-cash charges. The decrease in the net loss was primarily due to additional revenue and the corresponding positive gross margin. Sequentially quarter-to-quarter, our net loss decreased by $8.6 million, primarily due to lower non-cash charges relating to the extinguishment of debt and increased revenue and gross margin. During the second quarter, we converted an additional $2 million of our $60 million of convertible debt, and after quarter end we converted another $1 million of debt into common shares and have just $3 million of the original $60 million in convertible debt remaining outstanding as of August 3rd. The loss per share for the quarter was $0.20 and we ended the quarter with $42 million in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities. I would like to now turn back to out President and CEO, Terry Gregg.
Terry Gregg: Thanks Jess. We were extremely pleased with our performance in the second quarter of 2010 as we delivered yet another quarter of sequential growth. We again exceeded analyst consensus estimate for product revenue and we achieved a positive product gross margin of 30%. Highlighting some key metrics from the second quarter, total product revenue grew approximately 34% sequentially from Q1 2010 to Q2 2010, and was up 120% compared to the second quarter of 2009. We sold over 3,500 starter kits for the SEVEN Plus in the second quarter, amounting to a 37% increase in starter kit sales compared to the first quarter of 2010 and up 84% compared to the second quarter of 2009. And we posted an increase of approximately 37% in Sensor revenues quarter-to-quarter as we continue to see increased stickiness among patients who go on the system and increased sensor utilization among our patients. We are pleased to report that the demand for our SEVEN Plus is strong heading into the third quarter and we expect the positive trends in sensor utilization we've seen over the last few months to continue throughout the remainder of the year. We continue to see progress in our direct-to-patient initiative, particularly through our online campaigns. Normally, there is a seasonal downturn in internet social media during the summer months. But we believe the campaigns we initiated in the second quarter have positioned us well with the third quarter. Highlights from Q2 include an online pilot program with dLife, an outbound e-mail campaign targeting the MBI patient and a campaign targeting Abbott navigator patients, who were unable to obtain supplies during Abbott's recent supply challenges. The reimbursement bottleneck continues to ease, and while not disclosing specifics, we are aware of a number of insurance plans who have or are in the process of reviving the reimbursement practices to reduce the number of documents we are required to submit on behalf of the patient in order to justify medical necessities for CGM. This is always an exciting time of the year for DexCom as the annual scientific session meeting of American Diabetes association is typically held in June. As usual, there were numerous presentations and posters demonstrating the importance of CGM, not only in the ambulatory market, but in the hospital sector as well. In particular, we were extremely excited by the results of Medtronic's STAR III trial which were presented in an oral presentation by Dr. Richard Bergenstal. The primary end point in this study was change in A1C from base line at one year and at overall, patients who use continuous glucose sensors greater than 80% of the time achieved a remarkable 1.2% reduction in A1c. We believe the results of this trial will greatly benefit our pump partners Animas and Insulet as they look to commercialize sensor augmented with our best-in-class sensor technology. While, we have certainly not reached critical mass yet among patients and healthcare providers, we believe CGM as a category, is on a cusp of a major transition and will play an increasingly critical role in diabetes management in the coming quarters. Turning to our clinical and regulatory arenas, the first half of 2010 has been a very busy time for our clinical and regulatory affairs department. In addition to our Insulet filings as I mentioned during our last earning call, we successfully completed a pivotal trial for our fourth generation sensor earlier this year and I'm pleased to report that we have filed a PMA supplement Gen4 with the Food and Drug Administration.  In addition to improved manufacture ability and reduced cost, our goal with Gen4 is to bring to market a next generation sensor which will offer an unmatched level of performance and ease of use for our patients. Our Gen4 Sensor is more accurate than any of our previous sensor systems particularly in the hypoglycemia range. Gen4 will also have a one hour warm up time and of course Gen4 is suited for large volume production which we will believe will continue to improve our gross margins as we scale our business. We believe that performance of Gen4 may in the future allow us to submit through the FDA for an expansion of our labeled indications for use.  For example, the Gen4 sensor may permit a reduction in required calibrations points during a sensor session it may also enable us to obtain an indicated sensor light of longer than seven days. We expect to explore the requirements for obtaining these expanded indications with FDA and conduct clinical trial work later this year. Additionally, we are in the final stages of development of a new receiver form factor and a new transmitter, and we expect to file with the FDA later this year to incorporate those components into the Gen4 system. We are also pleased to report that we have submitted a 510-K application for GlucoCare, our first generation automatic glucose monitoring system developed in collaboration with Edwards Lifesciences to target the critical care markets.  Switching now to a brief update on the warning letter we received from the agency in May. As you recall, we received a warning letter from the Los Angeles district office of the Food and Drug Administration. The letter states that we failed to file NDR reports for complains involving sensor wire fractures and the letter also included certain recommendations regarding the labeling of the SEVEN and SEVEN Plus system. We believe we have worked cooperatively with FDA in response to the warning letter. As you know, they agreed to file NDRs on broken sensors prior to the close out of the site inspection and we will continue to file them in a timely manner. We have subsequently obtained the necessary approval for and have implemented the agency's requested labeling changes. In addition we have conducted an extensive review of our sales and marketing practices to ensure we comply with applicable rules and regulations and do not market our products off-label we've also conducted additional sales force screening regarding the appropriate promotion of our devices. While we still maintain, it is within that discretion of the doctor to prescribe our products to patients if the physician believes the patient will benefit from the therapy. We have elected to be extremely conservative in our approach. We also note that less than 15% of our installed base today is comprised of pediatric patients. On a positive note we're pleased to report that we have initiated pediatric clinical trials with our Gen4 sensor which if successful will enable us to file a P&A supplement to seek a pediatric indication for the product.  Shifting to our insulin pump partnerships, as we mentioned on our last earning call, we have filed a PMA supplement with the Food & Drug Administration for our first generation integrated system with Insulet Corporation and we are currently awaiting feedback from the agency. Additionally, we have completed development and are in final testing with respect to a modified transmitter for use in our integrated system with Animas and we remain committed to filing a PMA supplement for the combined DexCom Animas system before the end of the year.  Finally, with respect to our collaboration with Edwards Lifesciences, we continue to work diligently towards the development of our second generation system which we believe will be a system more suitable for a robust commercial launch some time next year.  We have long stated that continual introduction of next generation products with improved performance and patient convenience are not only the key to the development and growth of the CGM category are critical for us to maintain our technology advantage over our competition. We are extremely excited about the progress we've made on the development of a 5th generation system which as we have mentioned may have application not only as a future ambulatory sensor, but also as subcutaneous sensor for use in a hospital area outside of critical care. We have recently concluded in clinic, feasibility trials in humans and we are very pleased with the results. Although Gen5 remains subject to the uncertainties of ongoing research and development, our goals are lofty, as we hope to dramatically improve accuracy, greatly reduced or eliminate the need for patients to calibrate the system, provide enhanced patient convenience with a new simple applicator system and enable transmission through a variety of different receiving devices, including insulin pumps, smartphones and the like all within the confines of a maturing regulatory environment for CGM.  In conclusion, DexCom is at forefront of a changing healthcare landscape. We recently participated on a two day joint meeting between the FCC and the Food and Drug Administration on the convergence of wireless communication and medical technology. To cost estimating FDA and SEC signed a memorandum of understanding aimed at improving information exchange between the two agencies and streamlining collaboration. FDA commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg cited in her public comment that the benefits wireless technologies can provide to healthcare are clear. But she cautioned that to harness the full power of those benefits, we must navigate a delicate balance between innovation and safety and effectiveness. We believe the agency appreciates the impact that new and better CGM devices would have on diabetes management, including in support of the FDA's artificial pancreas initiative. Ultimately, we believe the joint work of FDA and FCC will promote investments and innovation and help technologies to help realize potential cost savings and deliver real health benefits to patients.  As we roll the wireless communication of health information to improve station outcomes matures, we have an opportunity to be a key participant not only with our existing technologies, but also with the development of our smart technology as part of Gen5. As you can see, DexCom has established itself as a technology leader in diabetes healthcare, working to solidify the role of better glycemic control in both the ambulatory and hospital setting and we will be at the forefront of the convergence of wireless communications and health information with our future generation products.  Thank you and we will now entertain questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take questions [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tom with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Hi and good afternoon. Terry I guess I just have one broad question and that would be your comment in the prepared remarks of being on the cusp of something big. The CGM train has left the station, is gaining speed. You mentioned STAR III and then at subsequent publication and our coincident publication and during one general of medicine JDRF again NEJM reimbursement is easing, it's the year of the patient. When you go to the meetings it seems more doctors and more field personnel educators get it on the CGM side and yet its still likely penetrated and if we're on the cusp, do you see from sort of the overall view of diabetes or maybe your history with MiniMed? Is there something else that we need to add to this or is it just time and effort that makes this goes through?
Terry Gregg: Now that's a great question and I think its just time and effort. I don't think there is necessarily a particular ad that will drive the adoption quicker. I think for the first time, if we look at the categories of penetration and the Type I market, our guess is somewhere north of 3% and less than 5% as a category.  If you look at historical penetrations of novel technologies, once they get to around 7% - 8 %, they begin to have an acceleration phase because you change the channel distribution dynamics. Right now we're still in many ways pushing the channel we're culling on positions, educators, those individuals recommend in to their patients. We're beginning to see the first trickle I would say patients demanding the product. So we begin to give in scripts from physicians that we don't actually call on and maybe coming from our partners, either Insulet or Animus and may be coming entirely separately. We do see that some of the scripts are not from endocrinologist and some are actually from family practice or general practitioners.  So we see that movement and I think you'll continue to see that increase in adoption as time goes on. We really still need to drive it down into the broader base of the healthcare professionals who treat the disease that are not necessarily endocrinologist. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Terry, just wanted to follow-up on the MDI push in some of the programs that you've put in place over the last several quarters. It sounds like and may be talk about the dLife program. What sort of impact that's having and are you seeing a change in the mix of new patients that you are adding?
Steve Pacelli: Hey Ben this is Steve, I'll respond, I am actually a little bit closer to the details that Claudia is working on, on in the marketing side. So in the dLife program, we really just ran a kind of a pilot program but as you know dLife is one of the larger organizations really internet focused actually to have a small television program as well. They are primarily internet focused, they have probably north of $500,000 may be north of $600,000 active subscribers and primarily focused on the Type I patient. So, really limited and kind of the efforts that we put forth thus far, just sort of piloting starting with some banner advertising and then, expanding that out just to reach to their folks. But we may be able to extend that.  Again the outbound email program campaign targeting MDI patients, we're lesser available, we're able to purchase information to enable us to really directly target the insulin using, insulin using Type 1 patient. The Abbott campaign, pretty much speaks for itself as you know Abbott announced several months ago that they were having challenges with respect to being able to supply those hardware and sensors to their patient. And we obviously kicked into gear very quickly, a campaign to help those navigator patients who are interested in switching continuing on CGM to switch over to DexCom.  Again from a SG&A perspective, either or not expensive programs by means, those are largely internet focused and don't expect from marketing perspective, don't expect the marketing dollars to increase dramatically with this direct to patient campaign that these multiple campaigns that we're running. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay, can you address the MDI mix? Is that moving at all yet?
Steve Pacelli: Honestly haven't surveyed the patients recently. The latest data we have is still kind of that 60-40 split between pumpers and MDI patients.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay and then maybe a question on the bottlenecks if any in the business at this point, is it patient flows, training, physician awareness and what you can do to kind of keep moving the different (inaudible).
Steve Pacelli: Well I think its just geographical representation. We added four new territories this year, a new district and so I think that we're expanding more into areas that were under served. The bottleneck on the back office is certainly easing and we mentioned, we look at some of the plans that are either in process of amending their policies to require fewer documents and I think again what you need, as I mentioned to Thom Gunderson today in this call was you're going to get this adoption. Its not a matter of, if it's going to happened, it's just a matter of when. We are beginning to see that groundswell where patient are more familiar with it, more physicians are familiar with it, but that takes time to resonate with those various populations. We pounded at this since 2006 at the endocrinologist level really to the two years that we were talking about that and we moved to the healthcare provider in terms of the diabetes educator. We did a great job there and now this year again extending back out to the patient and some of those campaigns that Steve was talking about. I think the other factor to it, so weve got a PMA spending with the Food and Drug Administration with Insulet that's another 100 or so bodies on the street. You've got Animas has that opportunity with another 200 plus bodies on the street. So I think those things will drive just the general awareness of it beyond the endocrinology base that we are now calling on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill of Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Just a couple of clarification points. You mentioned just moving the ball forward with the payers and I'm curious as the documentation becomes more streamlined, have you seen any opening of the opportunity from Type I to Type II patients yet or is that something that is probably kind of a little further down the line?
Steve Pacelli: No I think that's definitely further down the line. The opening up that we have seen, really has to do with a reduction in the requirements for some of those policies that are in place today for the Type I patient. I still think what we need to see in order to gain any reasonable reimbursement for the Type 1, just a meaningful clinical outcomes data and there just isn't any today. We are aware we've talked publicly about a study that's currently being conducted out of Walter Reed, the latest I have heard is that study will be concluded later this year in the fall and then we can only hope that it will be positive and the interview published sometime shortly thereafter. And I think until we have some meaningful outcomes data in that patient population, I wouldn't expect to see much reimbursement there. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay, great and then just another point of clarification. You talked about seasonality and kind of Q3 it sounds like the momentum you have you feel is kind of rolling through the summer and should continue through the back half of the year. Am I reading that correctly?
Steve Pacelli: You are definitely reading it correctly. As I indicated in the prepared remarks, we're certainly one month in to the third quarter and we do not provide guidance but its just historically as I said historically expectation and certainly we believe that the adoption of CGM would supersede the seasonality that from (inaudible) DME product experienced, particularly in the summer months.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay, fantastic, and then another comment you made which is relative to I believe kind of reorder rates and attrition rates and you haven't commented this specifically in the past but would you say you are in to a single digit attrition rate at this point with the new generation?
Steve Pacelli: Yes, we are not going to comment on that Bill. You know I almost hesitated when we went back and forth on the prepared remarks. Just trying to give the market a sense of what we are seeing which is certainly reductions in our historical attrition and what we've said before is that we're living, kind of looking on our business from early '09 for when we really started to see some meaningful reimbursement and patients who were coming on to system today are typically coming on with some form of reimbursement. We've seen certainly if an attrition improved dramatically and we've also seen stickiness in number of the sensors that we believe patients use and we believe the percentage of patients who are using the systems on a more full time basis has improved.  Couple of reasons we're not going to close the specific, but the primary reason its hard to pin down particularly in terms of sensor utilization and how many sensors the patient utilizes. But we can certainly track re-order patterns, but as you know, we're labeled for seven days. The patients are able to use the system for longer than seven days, and so we have to make estimates in terms of how long we believe the patient might be using a single sensor. And so, its still a little bit of guess work on our part and to determine how many sensors the patient is using on a monthly basis. But on a broad scale, just looking at the install base and looking at reorder patterns, we're definitely seeing increased utilization across the entire base.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Yes, I mean if I look at the numbers, its kind of just the way the utilization improved double digit sequentially.
Steve Pacelli : Again, not going to comment on the specifics.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay and then just as we look at the kind of development revenues, if you could just help us out a little on the modeling and quarterly, how should we think of, is it 27.50 a quarter going through the balance of this year and then what is it in 2011 in terms and then are there any major milestones that pop in any of the quarters that we should think about. Did development revenues kind of quarterly flow and then any milestones that pop in?
Terry Gregg: The developmental revenue through the end of 2010 is a straight line model. It is roughly $2.6 million a quarter and we have some non-product revenues in there as well, some services revenue. And that goes through 2010 and that would end, but we also have some milestone dollars totaling about $17 million that we are eligible to receive between Animus and Edwards, and that could be received in 2010 or beyond.
Jess Roper: Most of you recognized on a one-time basis as received.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mimi Pham with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead.
Mimi Pham - Soleil Securities: Can you clarify, just do you believe this strong sequential growth and new patient adds this quarter was driven more by deeper penetration at your sort of current customer CGM prescribers or was it driven more by new scripts or references, referrals from new doctors?
Terry Gregg: Its a combination of both. I think if you back to earlier comments about MDI campaigns, one of things that weve done with the existing prescriber base is to initiate a desire in these direct-to-patient initiatives on MDI in particular, so that we are focusing on it from a two prong attack line, point into the account and asking for the MDI business specifically and secondly then to encourage patients on MDI to ask their physicians for CGM. And I think thats harder but obviously as I mentioned we are beginning to get scripts from outside of our current call pattern indicating neither one of two things and we havent dialed it down as to those referrals coming from our partners or are they coming from patients who have simply walked into a office and said I want a DexCom SEVEN Plus. But I think both of those factors are contributing to the increase sequentially.
Mimi Pham - Soleil Securities: And then in terms of the second quarter new patient adds, did that include any significant amount of folks on the navigator switching?
Terry Gregg: No one knows specifically, Mimi. The challenge weve had even in running this navigator campaign. Its tough to know who the navigator that the navigator patients are because Abbott never had a direct sale force. So even Abbott would probably have a tough time rather than perhaps the regulatory organization would have a tough time telling you exactly who their patients are. They are all through larger DME suppliers, but all through a distribution, the patients arent necessarily required to tell us that we can track those, but then there are others that I am sure have come in and that has become frustrated otherwise with navigator, but Mimi, looking at total number in the quarter of 3,500 starter kits, navigator will contribute very level to that.
Mimi Pham - Soleil Securities: And then, did you break out the international contribution to that 3,500?
Terry Gregg: We havent, but I will tell you, its still very, very small
Mimi Pham - Soleil Securities: So when does reimbursement sort of not become an issue, someone through the US situation so then or national side, do you
Terry Gregg: Were at least a year to two years away from that becoming. Weve got doc GA before committees today in multiple countries but this is as I said in previous quarters this is a seeding effort on our part with our distributors and its going to take a while particularly given the economic situation and year off before we see broad-based imbursement.
Mimi Pham - Soleil Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John with Capstone Investments. Please go ahead.
John Putnam - Capstone Investments: I was wondering if you have seen any pushback due to the economy here in the United States.
Jess Roper: John, we start little bit in the first quarter and we zeroed out the various accounts flexible spending accounts in that and as I indicated we saw we had a soft January, a bit of soft February in the first part and then we came roaring back second half of February march and the second quarter event has been a pleasant surprise for all of us. So, were not seeing that now as those deductibles are getting met. We dont see that same kind of resistance that we saw in the first quarter.
John Putnam - Capstone Investments: Okay, and unemployment and loss of benefits you dont think there has been an issue in the second quarter either?
Jess Roper: We cant tell, but it certainly does not seem to be that way. I havent heard anything from our, there hasnt been a complaint raised from our sales organization in the field portion will be the people youd expect to hear that from. We look at our pipeline in terms of opportunities right now is just as full as weve ever seen it. Its just a matter of us processing all of those opportunities, but we have not seen any bit of softness from that sampling.
John Putnam - Capstone Investments: And can you comment on pricing if its stable here?
Terry Gregg: Yes, actually, our ASPs have held study if not improved just slightly. So we are still somewhat estimated just north of $750 for our starter kit and just north of $60 for a sensor for seven day sensor, held very steady.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bud of Global Hunter Securities. Please go ahead.
Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities: Just a couple of question here. One on the slight up-tick in the FC&A. Were there any new sales adds to that figure?
Terry Gregg: As I mentioned we added four new territories which totaled as due look at a territory. It comprises of a territory sales manager and a clinical education specialist and with the expansion we had as a Regional Sales Director. We also created a move in that for a new Strategic Affairs Directors who calls on third-party payer system which was actually one of our existing regional sales directors. So we now have four regions, approximately 60 people in the field. So, there was an up-tick in expense on that.
Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities: And then, just kind of a longer range question and co-incident with your initiation of pediatric CGM clinical trials. Are you seeing using and payer posture towards preexisting conditions and type 1 as a result of Obama care or is it still a may be a little early to look at that. Just kind of wondering what your expectations were and maybe what you are hearing anecdotally.
Terry Gregg: Yeah, and I think it very early to see the impact, what thats going to mean for easy enough restrictions or pre-existing conditions. Weve never really seen an issue there. So, I mean adding to that base of some $30 million plus coverage live. We will have to see thats going to take time to kind of get installed.
Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities: And then just quickly, Jess, did you have an exact stock-based comp, I know you listed some of the charges and said that was a majority of it. But I was just wondering if you had an exact figure there.
Jess Roper: I believe it was $2.7 million for the quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Richard of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you maybe go into a little bit more detail about your agreement with Insulet to kind in terms of the marketing strategy and how reimbursement works there? And maybe he was responsible for work on each of those.
Terry Gregg: Sure you will remember we only have two (inaudible) partnerships, one with Animus, one with Insulet. For a period of three years from the commercial launch, Animus has an exclusive outside of the US. So the Insulet relationship for at least the first three years of commercialization will only encompass the US. And in the US, it is actually right down the middle. There is no revenue share or any product sharing. And Insulet will be responsible for selling their system which will include the handheld controller and disposable omni pods. We will be responsible for selling directly to the patient, the transmitter component and then supplying the patients with durable or disposable sensors. And there is no revenue, so they retain all the revenue from their disposables business and we retain all the revenue from our disposables business. From a reimbursement perspective, we are responsible for billing the patients insurance company directly for the CGM component.
Operator:
 :
 :
John Putnam - Capstone Investments: I just wondered if you didnt see any change in Abbott, any update there if and when you think they might come back into the market?
Terry Gregg: John, this is Terry. No, I have not seeing any change there from the standpoint when they will be back in the market, so we are watching this closely as everyone else to see what their decision making there as on that.
John Putnam - Capstone Investments: Has anyone figured out what their problem really was?
John Putnam - Capstone Investments: I know. As Ive said publicly, I think their sensor technology is a good sensor technology and very accurate, so Im hopeful, philosophically is that they come back in the market obviously having three competitors in the market from a category awareness is better than two and let the companies compete for patient, and let the patient choose the best product that meets their needs.
Operator: At this time I show no further questions.
Terry Gregg: I would like to kind of wrap it up, and as I have expressed on several quarters, we are meeting and exceeding expectations both financially and product technology introduction. The market is rewarding us with a significant degree of competence and we treat that competence with great respect. We have a very interesting scenario unfolding before us. The market acceptance of CGM as a category and IVD is growing and should reach double-digit penetration in the US Type I population in the next couple of years. That (inaudible) at the forefront of technology with Gen IV, Gen V, the integration with pumps, integration with consumer-oriented wireless devices and integration in the hospital sector. At the same time the regulatory environment is getting more challenging, and that translates into a greater distance between DexCom and competitors, current and future. It is certainly a good place for DexCom to be. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Terry Greg - President & CEO Steve Pacelli - Chief Administrative Officer Jess Roper - VP and CFO 
Analysts : Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Ben Andrew - William Blair Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated  
Operator: Welcome to the DexCom First Quarter Year Earnings Release Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. Terry Gregg. Mr. Gregg, you may begin.
Terry Gregg: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining DexCom today for our first quarter 2010 earnings call. Joining me today from DexCom is Steve Pacelli, our Chief Administrative Officer, and Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer. I'm going to ask Steve to speak to our Safe Harbor statements. Steve?
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance and speak only as of the date here of. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Additionally, we will discuss certain financial information that is not been prepared in accordance with GAAP in respect to our convertible debt. This non-GAAP information is provided to you to enhance our overall understanding of our current financial performance. Presentation of this additional information should not be considered isolation or as a substitute or results or superior to results, compared in accordance with GAAP.  For reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP financial information, please review the press release we issued today which is available on our website at www.dexcom.com. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. So, I'm going to stay with our standard format for the call today. Jess will start of with our financial review of the quarter, and then I'm going to follow-up with a commercial update including Q1 review our pump partnership, hospital partnership. With Edward, the technology update and then I'll conclude with some comments followed by a question-and-answer period. Jess?
Jess Roper:  Thank you, Terry. DexCom recorded product revenue of approximately $6.8 million for the first quarter of 2010, compared to $2.7 million for the same quarter in 2009, an increase of over 153%.  Sequentially, product revenue for Q1 increased by 2% in the prior quarter. During Q1, we sold approximately 2600 systems, sequentially sensor revenues were up 4% from the prior quarter. Total revenue for the first quarter of 2010 was $9.5 million, compared to $5.2 million for the same quarter in 2009 and included $2.8 million in development grant and other revenue from our development and collaboration agreements. Cost of sales including both product and non product totaled $6.1 million for the quarter. Product cost of sales totaled $5.1 million for Q1 of 2010, compared to $3.5 million for the same quarter in 2009. Sequentially product cost of sales declined from $5.5 million in Q4 of 2009 to $5.1 million in Q1 of 2010. The corresponding improved product gross margin totaling $1.6 million in Q1 of 2010 compared to $1.15 million sequentially from the prior quarter was due primarily to additional manufacturing overhead absorptions as we increased our inventory during Q1 to accommodate for current and forecasted increases in sales. Development and other cost of sales totaled $0.9 million for the first quarter of 2010 and remained flat sequentially as compared to the prior quarter. Research and development expense increased $1.6 million and totaled $4.7 million for Q1 of 2010, compared to $3.2 million in Q1 of 2009l. The increase in R&D costs was attributable to additional efforts with our next generation ambulatory products. Sequentially R&D costs increased by approximately $0.6 million from the prior quarter. As a reminder R&D costs associated with our development and collaboration agreements with Animas and Edwards are included within development and other cost of sales. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $9.8 million in Q1 of 2010, compared to $7.9 million in Q1 of 2009. The increase was primarily due to additional selling, customer service and international development cost to support revenue growth. Sequentially SG&A increased $0.4 million over the prior quarter. Net loss for the quarter totaled $20.3 million, compared to $13.1 million during the same quarter in 2009 and included $11.8 million in non cash charges. The increase in our net loss was primarily attributable to $7.9 million in non cash charges on the extinguishment of debt upon conversion of our convertible notes. During the quarter, we converted $54 million of our $60 million of convertible debt into approximately 7.2 million shares of common stock, which on an annualized basis will save us approximately $2.6 million in cash interest payments. Based on the remaining convertible debt balance of $6 million, we expect to report between $135,000 and $200,000 of non cash interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discount on a quarterly basis through March of 2012 or until we convert the balance of the remaining notes. The loss per share for the quarter was $0.40. Assuming no conversion of debt during Q1 of 2010, the non-GAAP loss per share would have been $0.27 per share based on adjustments to debt extinguishment charges, interest expense and the number of weighted shares outstanding. We ended the quarter with $52 million in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities and we had working capital of $43 million. I would like to now turn it back to our President and CEO, Terry Gregg.
Terry Gregg: Thanks Jess. The first quarter of 2010 represented yet another quarter of sequential product revenue growth for DexCom. As I mentioned during our Q4 2009 earnings call, the first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter in the durable medical equipment business, primarily because of annual insurance deductibles reset in the new year, and employer sponsored flexible spending accounts have not yet been adequately funded.  I also mentioned that we saw in January in the first part of February a short turn slowdown in patients willingness to completed their starter kit for just as until such time as their deductibles were appropriately reduced. None the less, we finished the quarter strong, achieving total product revenue of approximately $6.8 million shipping approximately 2600 starter kits during Q1, and posting an incremental increase in sensor revenues on a sequential quarterly basis.  Looking forward, we are pleased to report that demand for SEVEN PLUS is strong. Our pipeline or a number of CGM referrals we receive continue to expand and we expect the positive trend in pipeline growth we've seen over the last few months to continue throughout the remainder of the year.  During Q1, we launched our first direct to patient marketing campaign focused on the MDI patient and early patient response to the initiative is encouraging while throughput in our back office continues to be our primary challenge due to the administrative and documentation burden certain payers have placed on patients, and their positions to demonstrate medical necessity.  We believe the reimbursement bottleneck is easing. While challenges remain, we continue to believe that as the insurance companies gain experience in processing CGM claim they will gain a better understanding of what information is appropriate and necessary to make a time line coverage decision.  We expect these administrative challenges to resolve themselves that the payer level over the next 12 months to 18 months. Well, at the same time we will continue to refine our back office systems and processing capabilities to meet expected increases in patient demand.  Shifting to our insulin pump partnerships, we are pleased to report that we have filed a PMA supplement with the Food and Drug Administration for our first generated integrated system with Insulet Corporation. We're extremely excited about the combination of our SEVEN PLUS system with the OmniPod Insulin Management System which will merit Insulet's unique [tubeless] insulin delivery device with our best in class CGM technology.  Although we cannot predict the ultimate decision or timing for a decision by the FDA, we typically expect a PMA supplement to be subject to 180 day review cycle, give or take a few months, and we hope to be positioned to launch a first product with Insulet late this year or early next.  But as you're well aware the timing of the regulatory process is uncertain. With respect to Anima, we continue to push forward on the development of a modified transmitter capable of supporting a unified global launch by Anima. And while the development cycle has taken slightly longer than expected, we remain committed to filing a PMA supplement with the combined DexCom Anima's system later this year as well.  A quick update on our collaboration with Edward's life sciences. We're continuing both development and clinical regulatory work related to our blood base glucose monitoring system for the critical care environment. Together with Edwards, we have completed the trial required to support a submission with the Food and Drug Administration for our first generation system and pending final analysis of the data, we expect to file with the agency this summer.  At the same time, we continue to work diligently towards the development of our second generation system, which we believe will be a system more suitable for a robust commercial launch sometime next year. Next let me talk about product innovation.  As a leader in continuous glucose monitoring technology, innovation is at the heart of our organization. We have long stated that the continual introduction of Next-Generation products with improved performance and patient convenience are not only the key to development and growth of the CGM category, but are critical for us to maintain our technology advantage over our competition.  I'm pleased to report that we have successfully completed a pivotal trial for our fourth generation short-term sensor, and we expect to file a PMA supplement with the FDA before the end of the quarter. In addition to improved manufacturing ability and reduced cost, our goal with Gen4 is to bring the market a next generation sensor, which will offer an unmatched level of performance and ease of use for our patients.  I expect to give additional color on the key attributes of Gen4 during our next earnings call post PMA submission, and of course we will not stop with Gen4, and we are equally excited about the progress we've made on the development of a fifth generation sensor, which we've mentioned may have application not only as a future ambulatory sensor, but also as a subcutaneous sensor for use in the hospital outside of critical care.  We're also actively engaged in work on our SMART technology with the goal of enabling sensor transmission to a variety of different receiving devices including insulin pumps, smart phones in the like, which is consistent with our strategic focus on convenience, performance and simplicity for our patients.  In conclusion, we continue to see increasing excitement and interest in the category of CGM whether it would be a last month's meeting of the American Association of Clinical Anthropologists in Boston, or in our daily interactions with physicians, educators and patients.  I believe we're in a unique position in the healthcare arena as the storm of diabetes is in full range around us. For example, there is active lobbying in Congress to identify diabetes on death certificate as a cold mortality to more accurately account for the true consequences of the disease.  Although our patient maybe less that is dying from cardiovascular disease as an example, a significant number of these patients have cold mortality of diabetes, which has long gone and recorded. Why is this important? For better awareness of the magnitude of complications associated with diabetes will lead to more research funding from both governmental and private sources, which in turn will lead to better understanding of diabetes, better diagnostics, better treatment and a greater emphasis on prevention.  DexCom is uniquely positioned to participate across this spectrum on participation in advance research and development projects to improve patient care. When the CEO of Medtronic publicly states that Medtronic Diabetes will be better known in the future as a glucose sensor company, than an insulin pump company, and their annual revenue from insulin pumps and related disposable is greater than a $1 billion. I'm thrilled. We have a very full product pipeline from a first in class combination with insulin currently under FDA review to a fourth generation ambulatory system on the verge of FDA submission to a fifth generation product already in human trial to a blood base technology platform for application in the critical care environment.  Our SEVEN PLUS system outperforms the Medtronic CGM system on multiple fronts, and we believe that with the introduction of our Gen4 sensor system, our technology advantage will only grow. At the same time, the role of wireless communication of health information to improve the outcomes of patients is exploding.  For chronic diseases like diabetes, patient empowerment is now being proposed as part of the efforts to provide more comprehensive care without a tremendous increase in cost. We have an opportunity to be at the center of these efforts with the development of our SMART Technology and alternative display tools. In fact, two of our Board members are intimately involved in this arena, and their daily affairs. Nick Augustinos head the Global Healthcare Solutions Group at Cisco systems and Dr. Eric Topol is the co-founder of the West Wireless Health Institute, which by the way recently appointed Don Casey the former worldwide Chairman of Johnson & Johnson Comprehensive Care Group to serve as his CEO. We believe DexCom is perfectly positioned to take advantages of these opportunities as these forces all converge. Thank you. Operator, we'll now entertain questions. 
Operator:  We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Thom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Jess, you mentioned the better gross margin on essentially just a little better sensor sales and inventories going up. Actually, they went up maybe not much in total dollars, but 50% in the quarter. Is that a comfortable level now, or are you taking maybe a slower quarter to build up so that you are in position for Q2 and Q3, which could accelerate. How should we look at inventory changes as we through the year?
Jess Roper:  We built up inventories for the quarter because like we said forecast of sales is currently down the road. We were at fairly levels of consumable inventory. We wanted to build that up to a little bit higher level, just anticipation of additional sales. We may build that further, but at this point we are fairly close to our target. Then we will change it, and update it quarter-to-quarter. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And Terry, were there any changes to the sales force size during the quarter?
Terry Gregg:  Yes. We added four new territories. So along with four new territory sales managers, we also added four clinical education specialists and we created a four region. So we now have four regional sales directors. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And those positions are all filled and we should look at that as sales and marketing cost going forward in Q2?
Terry Gregg:  Yes. That's correct. 
Thom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay thanks. And then, just a third question. There was some noise around, the FDA is holding meetings on infusion pumps which I don't think was directed substantially at glucose monitor or glucose insulin pumps but still the small print did include them. Do you or Andy or anyone have any views on how the regulatory rules might change for insulin pumps going forward?
Terry Gregg: We really don't. We've talked obviously to the folks at Animas and the folks at Insulet and their read on the same situation Tom and they in turn have also had some more conversations with their counterparts at Medtronic and Medtronic Roche/Disetronic. And no one really has any opinion at this point. I think it's too early. Their communications are reading the same documentation that we're all reading without any definitive answers coming from the agency at least at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Andrew from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Wanted to follow-up on a couple of things on the reimbursement side that you mentioned Terry. Maybe Steve can answer this as well but you talked about the environment improving. Can you give us some examples of how that's changing and how you're getting closer to this being more of a turnkey sort of solution?
Steven Pacelli: I'll take that one. What we're seeing without giving any specifics on, there's a jet flying over the building here me. What we're seeing is on more of a regional and local basis that we're seeing payers just starting to ease the restrictions and more particularly the burdens on documentation that they're requiring. They might not require three months of blood glucose logs for example. Maybe a month is sufficient. And so we're starting to see some of those challenges, but really, as I mentioned before, the Blue Cross Blue Shield National Association and their affiliated plans are really still the toughest.  They encompass probably $90 million or so of the covered lives in the United States. So there is the 800 pound gorilla and we've got to work with each regional state, regional plan kind of on a one off basis to work to liberalize these things. So it's going to take some time. But we have dedicated resources that we mentioned in our prior call that we had created a position and we've now filled that position. So there is a field based individual with three or four folks working for that person. We're charged specifically with working the payer system to work at the medical directory level to really help educate the plans and help them understand that the documentation that their requesting and requiring is really just not required and it really should be in the purview of the physician writing the script and certifying the letter of medical necessity that the patient should be qualified. I'm going to let Terry jump in and this really is paralleling what you saw.
Terry Gregg: Yeah, it's just happening a lot faster. I think the driving force is the fact that the JDRF trial as a landmark trial stands on its own, irrefutable in terms of the outcomes of that which even the pump world, we never had the benefit of historically. So I think that's again with a focus and the accumulation of more empirical data demonstrated in the benefits in this arena will continue to move forward. But it's going to ease up and that's why in my prepared comments I had estimated somewhere in the 12 month to 18 month period where we'll all see a change in those requirements. It's a burden on us but we're getting a lot more efficient as to how to handle that without having an increase on the interoffice structure to accommodate that. So again, it's a dual pronged approach. Steve's right in that we're now the dedicated source in the field. But we also from a streamline standpoint in the back office are able to process more with fewer.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And changing gears a little bit on the Insulet combined product, I assume that's the third generation sensor that you're filing there?
Terry Gregg: That's correct.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And what's the process for switching them to fourth gen when the time comes? Is that a kind of a staged opportunity where you wouldn't want to go too far with Gen3 and then quickly switch to Gen4? Is it a change of handheld? What's the logistics if you switch to 4?
Terry Gregg: Actually Ben, there's a pretty simple path. I cant give you the specifics of the upgrade path because they're still being worked out but I can tell you that Insulet has the capability of just upgrading the firmware within the handhelds that wouldn't require the patient to obtain a new handheld. It would simply be -- you recall we did something similar when we upgraded from the SEVEN to the SEVEN PLUS. We had the patients remotely upgrade their firmware and then they were of course required to purchase a new transmitter which would be the case upgrading to the Gen4.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay, so that's the only real switch. And then you talked about the modified transmitter for Animas to launch and filing the PMA supplement later this year. Is that kind of a year end sort of event given some of the delays you've seen Terry or can we look for it before then.
Terry Gregg: Well we're still going through the technical review of that as late as last night with their folks being here. Obviously, if we can pull that in earlier, we will since it is a brand new transmitter versus the existing transmitter with the Gen3 system. Some of those still challenge us. So I would not want to predict other than in the comments that I made by the end of the year.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: And then you mentioned the Edwards relationship in terms of having the first gen product. Can you give us some insights into launch plans for that product and then when you'll have the second generation version next year and how that would be different in terms of how you roll that product out?
Terry Gregg: Well, the first generation product, because it's a first in class device, we had to go through certain clinical attributes for it and that study is it's, the last patient is completed and they're now going through the analysis of the data to submit and although it is commercialized in Europe and they have a limited launch there but their collection a tremendous amount of information. The second generation, which is more ease of use with the device, would be a supplemental submission to the first submission. So I think the expectation is sometime mid to late next year for that full commercialization. But I would defer to [Carl and Solomon] and the folks at Edwards as to what their launch plans are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: You mentioned that in kind of late January or early February that patients were waiting for the deductibles to go down. Was there something, a change in reimbursement or something that would have caused that?
Terry Gregg: No, I think that the first time, now lets go back to January, February of 2009, and the adoption curve was such that, there was a patient population who were not price sensitive. And so they didn't care what the amount was. The wanted the product. And think about iPad. I am sure you are probably one of the first people to have iPad. I know I was because I'm a technology gadget guy. So that's kind of the category. Now as it gets more mature and that adoption gets to a greater percentage, there is price sensitivity in terms of the co pay. So in the case of these patients, they were qualified in terms of their prior authorization from the third party payer that they're subscribing to. But given what their co pay was at that stage in January and February, they wanted to wait. Now they've got other things contributing to meeting that co pay that are in many ways consider them essential at this point. And so as they contribute more to that, then their portion of the co pay as it relates to the acquisition of a starter kit goes down. So once we hit around the second part of February and into March, we saw that begin to diminish and obviously in the March timeframe they came in my terms kind of rolling back into the fold and we certainly have not seen any lessening of that as we move into the second quarter.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Okay. So its far to say that January and February are a little weak and as you came out into March and April its come on very strong is kind of way to think about it.
Terry Gregg: Yeah, and I had if you remember in my comments kind of at the close of Q4 comments and wrapping up the full year. We expected it. It was not something, we knew it was going to happen at some point as the technology matured and the adoption moved closer to my guess is as a category, probably approaching 5% or 6% penetration in the type one market in the U.S. with CGM but these are things that we're going to expect. We certainly historically and the pump world always saw them and if you look at even at some Q1 quarters for pump companies, they'll actually be less than the Q4 quarter because of these related flexible spending accounts and meeting the deductibles. So we did expect to see a little softening and we did but we've certainly, as we mentioned pipeline is very robust right now.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Okay, and then the PMAS filing for the combo OmniPod device, on the timing of that, was it closer to, was that in the Q1 in the March timeframe or was that a Q2 event?
Terry Gregg: Well we're not going to give you any more clarity on that because I don't you guys coming today. We've guided that its 180 supplement, give or take a few months and hope to launch. Kind of best case, we'll be launching in the fourth quarter. If it takes a little longer at the agency, it's probably a first quarter launch.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Okay. And then just with the Edwards, your Gen1 is in the market today. Kind of where are you in the progress deferred development at the Gen2 product OUS?
Terry Gregg: It's not necessarily -- I would look at is a global rather than an OUS launch Gen2. I think the Gen1, the reason it was easier obviously to get into through CMR process into Europe. So, that's why it got lines plus they wanted to really learn a lot about utility within the ICU, and they are certainly gaining that experience in the number of occasions in Europe.  The goal for the Gen2 is a global launch both in the U.S. as well as Europe. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Okay, and then in the U.S. I think you had mentioned that you needed a little extra data or certain things because in certain clinical data, do you -- in you discussions with the FDA, do you feel that you've done all the studies and all the testing you need to push it through, I know it's kind of hard to handicap the FDA these days. It's a moving target, but the level of confidence that you're providing them with everything at least to date that they wanted to whether they wanted for this filing?
Terry Gregg: Yes. To the best of our estimates and the defined hour is Edward's regulatory personnel and our of course are regulatory personnel in discussions with the agency. We believe that this latest clinical trial will meet all of the regulatory requirements that the U.S. FDA is expecting to see from the outcome of this trial. That was a significantly large trial, and again that data has not been analyzed, so even I don't know the outcome of the data at this point, but as soon as it goes in, I'm sure Edwards will share the outcome of that. 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Again lastly, is there a venue at which will be able to see that data this sometime this year?
Terry Gregg: It's really up to Edwards as to how much they are willing to release the information I know that A, they had one of their protocol B investigators speaking to certain aspects of this experience of that IDC, but I don't have time table or schedule one they expect to release clinical data at major meeting. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Bud Leedom from Global Hunter Securities. 
Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities: Thanks for taking my questions. First of Jess, did you have a stock-based comp figure in the quarter?
Jess Roper: We did. It was $2.3 million. 
Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities: $ 2.3 million, okay and then Terry I was wondering if you might just dig in a little bit more and be direct to MDI patient in terms of some of the strategies that are ongoing at this point?
Terry Gregg: Well, as well call on entrepreneurology, it's very apparent to us that many of these practices still believe that CGM is closely associated with pump therapy. We really needed to debunk that myth and so from that standpoint we have acquired certain mailing list of patients with diabetes that we know are multiple daily injection not pump patients. So, we've targeted them.  We've also -- we know what our ratio right now our installed based still runs around 60%, pumpers, 40% MDI and so we target those patients as well in terms of reinforcement and to some of the entrepreneurology-based practices and to the health education, ADA practices that the target is to identify patients who maybe appropriate for CGM and are not aware that the outcomes associated with CGM and MDI are equal to the outcomes associated with pump and CGM.    So, it's the traditional type of media, their some front media that's involved. There's electronic media that's involved in terms of that target audience. 
Bud Leedom - Global Hunter Securities: And then just finally sort of longer range. Looking at Europe and given the large pan penetration which maybe somewhat challenging for Anima's to convert initially. Are there any other plans you might discuss regarding CGM penetration as the market, it should be fairly unconstrained for CGM?
Terry Gregg : Well, we believe it is unconstrained. I think the challenge in Europe is the lack of reimbursement. So, it's still going to be a slow growth market regardless of how the insulin is delivered, but clearly of the largest proportion of patients on insulin therapy there utilize either disposable or durable pans and that's an active market for us.  We don't want to get ahead of ourselves from the distribution standpoint, but we certainly engage in discussions with multiple global players both from the device and pharma side as to what they are thinking in terms of that global reach to a much greater degree than DexCom could forseeably reach with even the kind of infrastructure that we have in place now, and that's mainly using local distributors in each country and as they are away for in a global capacity.  We're engaged in those discussions, but early in the discussions is to how to reach that audience. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Shawn Fitz from Stephens Incorporated. 
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated:  Terry, just as a follow-up on the MDI; could you just update us on in a broad sense what your mix of patients looks like in terms of pumpers versus and multiple daily injectors?
Terry Gregg: Yes. Right now, our last survey Jon indicated that we were about 60% pumpers and 40% MDI patient. And that's actually that held steady for approximately the last 18 month. 
Jess Ropes:  And we expect that number obviously when we launch with Insulet and ultimately with Anamis, that ratio is certainly going to go which initially will go in favor of the pumper. Shawn, right you are going to add several hundred additional feed on the street as describing the benefits of CGM. We're really doing better with Medtronic for their pump patient.  So I'd expect that number to shift by this year early next year, but that will really free us out to focus -- really focus our efforts on the untouched MDI market. 
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated:  Right, and so Terry and Steve when we think about the typical MDI patient that is using CGM, are these folks that have one time in their life have been pumpers and maybe have used and integrate solutions, and kind of evolve to CGM only patient. I'm just trying to kind of understand the progression of those patients how they get the CGM with MDI?
Terry Gregg : I would think there is couple different ways to look at these. There is a body of patient who don't want to be tethered for any reason whatsoever. And now you've got a series of durable pans, you've got disposable pans with mixed insulin that they can pretty much get whatever they need in terms of the insulin that they want fairly efficiently and moving to pump therapy as a lifestyle decision, and I think that's probably the biggest group that we are addressing at this point, and it may in face be part of the pathway for a lifestyle decision that once they go along with assuming they are on pans and they are using CGM, they get more comfortable with technology from that standpoint, and then make a decision to move from there to pump and CGM, but I would say that the number of patients that are abandoning pump therapy to go to just CGM and injection therapy, isn't a large number, isn't a large portion of that 40% of our MDI patients. 
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated:  Okay then and this maybe something that it is impossible to kind of speak up to qualitatitevely as well, but when you look at your mix of pumpers that are currently in your patient population. Is it your sense that says for example, Medtronic pumpers that you have its customers sorted out at Medtronic CGM customers and transition to your customer base or are they new to CGM as well?
Terry Gregg: I would say that a larger portion of the Medtronic pumpers on DexCom CGM were initially on Medtronic CGM and that product failed to meet their expectations. So their physicians or educators have recommended DexCom to replace the Medtronic portion of the CGM and that's part of it and in some cases, many prescribers of Medtronic pumps actually only prescribe DexCom CGM with Medtronic pumps and the only time we would ever technically lose that battle so to speak is when the patient doesn't want to carry the extra receiver.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: And then last question, just as we think about some clinical events or milestones or publications that may continue to provide kind of a body of evidence specifically that CGM is kind of the enabling piece of the equation here, not basically how the insulin is brought on board. Is there anything that's in the works or any kind of timing you could point us to and then maybe speak to what we should expect in ADA as well?
Terry Gregg: I don't really know about ADA. We've looked at what is being presented and I don't think there is any landmark. There will be some additional analysis that go on with the JDRF trial from a CGM standpoint that our STAR III trial is reportedly going to be presented, which is in more favor of [Thomson CGM] although that trial unfortunately only compared to MDI, and that's NBG did not compare to MDI and CGM versus verbs pump and CGM. So it's a very flawed trial from that standpoint. You just have to be careful about reading the outcomes of that and understanding it. But outside of that, I'm not aware. There will probably be some additional data on type two patients in CGM. I don't know what doctor Dr. [Gregorski] is going to present. He is the one that had a presentation or poster session of 100 patient's type II insulin using CGM and SMBG. That was in November and I'm not sure if that study is going to be presented at ADA, if it's done enough or completed enough. But there may be some update on that analyst day. But that's about to extend what we're aware of.
Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated: Okay and then one thing just popped in my head here to try to understand. You've guys have addressed kind of seasonality as it relates to starts. Its safe to assume as well that that seasonality impacts your utilization numbers and would it be reasonable to think that maybe its even a little more pronounced as possibly people stock up as they exit the year or realize they've got money in their flexible spending accounts and so we should see a similar effect in the utilization, I guess is what I'm asking?
Terry Gregg: Well they're limited regardless of what they have in their flexible spending account. Right now the overwhelming majority of patients plus 90% are covered by a third party payer system. So less than 10% are actually cash paying patients. So in that scenario, regardless of what they had left in their flexible spending account, if the payer limits them to three months of sensors, that won't change seasonality wise. I don't see that. What we are seeing, an increasing trend is more frequent utilization, less going off the sensors for any period of time. So we're getting more, I guess we would classify it as uptick in utilization or on time use of sensors on a forward looking basis.
Operator: We have one more question from Bill Plovanic from Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: Just housekeeping, fully diluted share count post conversion of everything that's converted thus far?
Terry Gregg: 57 million. And then you'll want to add in about 9 million with options.
[Multiple Speakers]:
Steven Pacelli: If there is outstanding, it is 57 million
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: So if I'm doing my calculations 57 million for Q2 going forward from there.
Steven Pacelli: That's correct.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then just any commentary on ASPs for both starter kits and disposables?
Terry Gregg: I would say slightly up on the starter kit. So yes, we were trending 700 to 750. I would put now in the 750 or a little north of 750 for the starter kit. Since those are holding pretty steady, maybe slightly north of $60 on average per sensor.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And then attrition rates historically, I think we were assuming about 15%. Have you seen difference with that you get a little more sticky these days?
Terry Gregg: I'm not going to comment on your 15% number Bill but I will tell you that anecdotally we're seeing much greater stickiness. I would say we've seen a trend in better stickiness kind of post SEVEN PLUS launch which if you remember the convergence was we launched the SEVEN PLUS into a time where we finally had ubiquitous insurance coverage. So I can't tell you exactly where its product performance from the SEVEN PLUS. I think it's a combination of factors and product performance from the SEVEN PLUS the fact that patients aren't having to come out of pocket for it. As Terry mentioned, over 90% of our patients now are receiving some form of reimbursement for the products. So that has certainly helped.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord: And just directionally, is my 15% too high or too low?
Terry Gregg: We're not going to comment on that. You can all imagine.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Terry Gregg: I would like to conclude with a couple of comments. Again thanking everyone for joining us today. Operationally we're really hitting on all cylinders as we move into the second quarter. The role and benefits of CGM in the ambulatory and hospital settings continue to grow and DexCom is leading the technology curve in both of these categories.  Our fourth generation sensor system is the next step in terms of accuracy, patient convenience and ease of use and as I mentioned, the PMA submission will occur this quarter. Our partnerships are progressing with us having filed the PMA supplement for the DexCom Insulin Combination System and Animas to follow later this year.  Edwards and DexCom are targeting mid summer for the submission to FDA of the GlucoCare clear product and Edwards is receiving rave reviews on the product in the Europe sector albeit a small limited market introduction. Our Gen5 sensor technology along with our SMART technology platform continues to make excellent progress. I think I will close with just simply, we're really good at what we do and I couldn't be happier with where we're at in this space. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-03-21 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg  President and CEO Steve Pacelli  Chief Administrative Officer Jess Roper  VP and CFO
Analysts: Matthew O'Brien [ph]  William Blair Thom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Adams Raj Kalia [ph]  Sanders Morris and Harris Shawn Fitz  Stephens Incorporated
Operator:
Terry Gregg:
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve.
Jess Roper: Thank you, Terry. DexCom finished the year strong generating product revenues of approximately $2.45 million during the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to $1.5 million for the same quarter in 2007. Product revenues totaled $8.1 million for the year ended 2008 compared to $4.6 million in 2007. Sequentially product revenue increased $588,000 from Q3 to Q4 of 2008. During Q4, we sold approximately 1,200 SEVEN System Starter kits compared to 770 in Q3. From 2007 to 2008 Sensor revenues were up 105%. Sequentially Sensor revenues were up 25% from Q3 to Q4 of 2008. Total revenue for 2008 was $9.8 million, which included $1.7 million in development grant revenue. As we have discussed previously, DexCom entered into three separate development agreements during 2008, which included Insulet Corporation, Animas Corporation, and Edwards Lifesciences. Animas and Edwards made upfront payments towards development dollars of $13.5 million in 2008. Excluding milestone payments, Edwards is scheduled to make additional development payments of approximately $10.5 million through Q2 of 2010 and Animas made a $250,000 payment in Q1 of 2009. With these up front and development payments we expect to recognize development grant revenue on a straight-line basis over the period of the expected performance obligation. Changes in estimates could impact amounts recognized in future periods. Based on our current estimates, we expect to recognize development grant revenue under these arrangements of $2.8 million per quarter through Q4 of 2010. This quarterly estimate excludes any milestone-based payments that we may also earn. Cost of sales including product and non-product in 2008 totaled $15.4 million compared to $12.7 million in 2007. Product cost of sales totaled $13.4 million for the year ended 2008 compared to $12.7 million in 2007. Our product gross margin loss was $5.3 million in 2008 compared to $8.1 million in 2007. We have experienced an improvement in our negative margin primarily due to increased sales volumes in 2008. Development cost of sales totaled $2 million in 2008 compared to none in 2007. Research and development expense increased by $3.5 million to $19.6 million in 2008 compared to $16.1 million in 2007. Changes in R&D expense included $2.1 million in higher development costs, $1.4 million in higher clinical, regulatory, and quality assurance costs. Major elements of increased R&D costs included $1.2 million increased consulting fees, $1.2 million in facilities costs and $415,000 in supplies. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $27.7 million in 2008 compared to $22.4 million in 2007. The increase was primarily due to higher selling, legal and marketing costs. Major components of increased SG&A expense included approximately $1.4 million in higher share based compensation, $850,000 increased facilities cost, and $825,000 higher salary cost. Net interest expense totaled $2.4 million compared to net interest income of approximately $800,000 in 2007. The increase in net interest expense was primarily due to lower average balances of our cash and marketable securities combined with lower yields earned on those balances. Our net loss totaled $55 million for the year, included $11.6 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share based compensation, depreciation and amortization. We ended the year with $31 million in cash and marketable securities, which included approximately $4 million in restricted cash, and we had working capital of $17 million. Cash, marketable securities, and restricted cash increased by about $1.1 million during the quarter and included a $13 million payment from one of our development partners. Excluding the development payment our cash usage in Q4 was $11.9 million. During the year, we invested $2.5 million in capital equipment and facilities to support our business. On February 4, 2009 we completed a follow-on public offering selling an aggregate of approximately 16 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of approximately $45.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses.
Terry Gregg: Thanks Jess. Obviously, we were extremely pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the year, especially in terms of total product revenue, new patient adds and sensor sales. Highlighting some key performance metrics for Q4, '08, total product revenue grew approximately 31% sequentially from Q3 to Q4. As Jess mentioned, we sold approximately 1200 starter kits for the SEVEN System in the fourth quarter amounting to about a 55% increase in sales kits compared to Q3. We were pleased to see an increase of approximately 25% in Sensor revenues quarter to quarter, which we believe bodes well for the long-term prospects of our business. As we look to 2009, we continue to see tremendous progress on the reimbursement front, both in terms of the adoption of new coverage policies for CGM and the establishment of contracts with payers to cover our products. In early January, UnitedHealthcare adopted a positive coverage policy for CGM. As you know, United was the last of the national payers to issue a policy and in doing so, United established the most comprehensive coverage to date. United policy should make access to CGM available to all of UnitedHealthcare's Type 1 patients with an A1c greater than 7% as well as those patients with an A1c of less than 7% who have experienced hypoglycemic unawareness. Just last week we entered into a contract with CareCentrix to become a provider of specialty diabetic durable medical equipment. CareCentrix is a provider of ancillary care benefit management services for major managed care organizations and has a national contract to coordinate the provision of diabetic DME to Cigna Healthcare members. This means we have the ability to process claims in-house for the nearly 12 million covered lives under the Cigna umbrella of affiliated companies. We now have contracts with five of the seven largest payers and are working diligently to secure contracts with the remaining national payers as well as smaller regional payers. And on a weekly basis, Blue Cross Blue Shield state and regional plans are adopting coverage for CGM. We estimate that today in the US, there are over 130 million covered lives under CGM policies and expect that number to continue to grow during 2009. As expected with the increase in number of coverage policies, we continue to witness a shift in our business from a cash pay model to a broad reimbursement model. In Q4 '08, for example, approximately 70% of our new starter kit sales were through the reimbursement channel and we continue to see a shift from cash pay to reimbursement for our recurring sensor sales. During our third quarter call, we mentioned we were not lacking in patients, but rather we were lacking the ability to process patients effectively. This was due primarily to payers creating administrative burdens for patients and their physicians to demonstrate medical necessity and ultimately receive reimbursement for CGM products under these newly adopted coverage policies. During the fourth quarter, we brought in a team that has worked for me in my former life as President of MiniMed to revamp our customer service organization. They have made tremendous changes in terms of how our back office operates. However, we are still functioning largely on a manual basis in terms of our interaction with the payer system. We need to move to a more automated system and expect to make progress on that front in the coming quarters. So where do we stand as we look out to 2009? We are convinced more than ever that patient demands for CGM is real and is growing. We were pleased to learn in January, that the American Diabetes Association revised its 2009 clinical practice recommendations upgrading CGM from a potential supplemental tool to a useful tool in adults over 25 years of age. This is important because these clinical practice recommendations have traditionally carried considerable weight within the medical community. We believe the reimbursement bottleneck is easing, but there are still challenges as the requirements for documentation still exist at a number of payers. We continue to believe that as insurance companies gain experience in processing CGM claims, they will gain a better understanding of what information is appropriate and necessary to make a coverage decision. We have seen signs of this as Aetna in November of last year revised its coverage policy on the heels of the JDRF clinical trial data to include all Type 1's over the age of 25 without the requirement for additional documentation. Similarly UnitedHealthcare, in January, adopted a comprehensive coverage policy which we believe will enable us to process claims without the need for excessive documentation. Ultimately, we expect these administrative challenges to resolve themselves at the payer level while at the same time we will continue to improve our back office systems and processing capabilities to meet expected increases in patient demand. Moving now to clinical and regulatory, we are pleased to announce that we recently received approval from the Food and Drug Administration to begin commercially marketing our third generation Continuous Glucose Monitoring System which we are branding the SEVEN Plus. So what's new about the SEVEN Plus? Well first, more on-time performance, an updated algorithm delivers more robust data with fewer data gaps and improved sensor performance. Improved overall accuracy. Our clinical study data shows an increase in overall accuracy as defined by median mean absolute relative difference. We have added event markers which let patients note specific activities or events, such as exercise, food intake, sick days, insulin dosing, to help make better diabetes related decisions. Glucose change arrows. These simple icons instantly tell the patient direction and rate of glucose change to help pre-empt a high or low event. A more discreet transmitter, now in a lighter color to help blend into the sensor to make it almost invisible under clothing for maximum discretion. More customization. The SEVEN Plus allows the patient to customize alert and turn features on and off to make for a more personal experience with the system. And finally, 12 and 24-hour trend screens are added to the library of 1, 3, and 6 hour trend screens. So what stayed the same? Well, certainly we continue to be the market leading performance and accuracy in the hypoglycemic zone. We believe this is a critical area where patients require the greatest sensor accuracy. The only fixed hypo safety alarm. Open choice calibration, patients can continue to calibrate the system using any FDA cleared blood glucose meter and a tiny, flexible, most body friendly sensor. Unlike other sensors who use rigid rectangular sensors, the DexCom flexible round bendable platinum wire is designed to be comfortable and it is still the only sensor approved to be worn for up to seven days. With the SEVEN Plus, we continue to provide leadership to the continuous glucose monitoring category by bringing a third generation product in just the third year following our first product introduction, and we believe the SEVEN Plus is the only CGM system that meets the key criteria demanded by physicians, educators and patients. Convenience, performance and simplicity. We announced in November that we entered into a definitive collaboration agreement with Edwards Lifesciences relating to the development and commercialization of a hospital based continuous glucose monitoring system. As we have discussed on previous calls, there is a growing clinical evidence that closely monitoring glucose levels in critically ill patients can positively impact patient care and outcomes. In addition, as of October 1st, 2008, Medicare will no longer reimburse hospitals for the cost of treating what the agency considers to be preventable in-patient complications unless those conditions are also secondary diagnosis upon admission. CMS specifically identified blood glucose control complications including DKA, Hyper and Hypoglycemia and coma as examples of preventable complications. Just last week at an international diabetes meeting in Europe, Dr. Jeffrey Joseph reported on a study of 1,826 consecutive ICU patients, noting that the rate of mortality dramatically increased as the glucose levels increased. As an example, in patients with an average glucose range of just 160 to 179 milligrams per deciliter during their ICU stay, the rate of mortality was approximately 18% higher than patients with a normal glucose range. And in that same patient population, as patients averaged glucose greater than 300 milligrams per dl, the rate of mortality was 40% greater than patients with a normal average glucose range. Also reported was a study concluding that all in-hospital mortality in patients with hyperglycemia, in this study defined as average glucose levels greater than 150 milligrams per deciliter was more than eight times higher than patients with normal average glucose levels. Hyperglycemia results in increased length of stay, increased admission to the ICU and increased discharge to rehabilitation facilities, not their home, all contributing to increased costs associated with lack of adequate glycemic control. Unfortunately today there is no methodology other than utilizing traditional bedside finger stick measurements for monitoring glucose levels and controlling hyperglycemia in the hospital. As we approach the end of the first quarter of 2009, we couldn't be more pleased with the development progress we have made to bring our continuous glucose sensing technology to the critical care setting. Our joint technical teams are operating extremely well together and we believe we are still on track to launch our first generation product in the second half of this year. A quick update on our insulin pump partnerships with Animas and Insulet. In January of this year, we announced an expansion of our Animas relationship to an exclusive agreement to develop and market integrated insulin pump CGM systems in markets outside the US. In return, Animas will pay us $5 million upon receipt of a CE Mark for the first OUS commercial product that is expected either later this year or early in 2010. And in addition Animas will pay DexCom a royalty of $200 per CGM enabled pump sold in any OUS market. As parts of this agreement, Animas will also serve as a nonexclusive distributor of transmitters and sensors to purchasers of the Animas CGM enabled pumps outside the US. This exclusive arrangement has an initial term of three years. We continue our development work on the integrated insulin pumps CGM systems with our pump partners. Our continued goal is to complete all development, clinical and regulatory efforts on these joint development projects and be positioned to launch a first product with Animas during 2009 and with Insulet sometime the following year. But as you are well aware, the timing of the regulatory process is uncertain. In summary, for the past 15 years, I have strongly believed the role of CGM in treating diabetes to be one of the most significant advances in technology since the discovery of insulin. We now know that A1c is a less-than-optimal surrogate marker for glucose control but remains a standard. There is a rapidly growing body of evidence that glycemic variability is more important than A1c in determining clinical outcomes for patients. Researchers are reporting on the role of excessive glycemic variability in pro inflammatory processes, such as oxidated stress resulting in cell and vascular damage. Multiple clinical studies have demonstrated the reduction of glycemic variability with the utilization of continuous glucose monitoring. Just last week, Dr. Lori Laffel of the Joslin Diabetes Center presented data from the JDRF CGM prospective randomized clinical trial on a group of 129 patients who entered the study with an A1c less than 7%. The CGM treated group spent an average of 37 fewer minutes per day in the hypoglycemic range, therefore an increase in target range, over the 26-week study period. In addition, their A1c remains stable while the SMBG group experienced a rise in A1c over that same period. As we look to 2009 and beyond we are extremely excited about our prospects, both in the ambulatory and the in-hospital setting. As you are aware in late January, we completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock raising gross proceeds of $48 million. Prior to the financing, we were often told by investors and analysts that one of their primary concerns regarding the company was a concern over our balance sheet and our need to raise capital in what has become the worse economic downturn since the great depression. Thankfully, with the support of many of our long term stockholders together with a group of new stockholders, we were able to raise the needed capital and we now believe we have appropriately addressed the balance sheet concern. Together with our cash on hand at year end and the additional proceeds we expect to receive from Edwards and Animas, we believe the proceeds from this financing will be sufficient to take us to profitability. That said, we will continue to spend wisely and we will remain laser focused on our mission critical priorities, namely continued commercialization of our ambulatory continuous glucose monitoring systems; continued development of our in-hospital platform together with Edwards Lifesciences, and continued development of our integrated insulin pump systems with our pump partners. DexCom is uniquely focused on sensor technology. It is in our DNA. Our origin was based on a fully implanted subcutaneous sensor, which we have dubbed our sleeping beauty, who may awaken at some point in the future. We've leveraged our implantable technology into the 3-day sensor, two generations of our 7-day sensor, and an intravenous glucose sensor for the ICU. We believe we will see the day that insulin-dosing decisions will be made on the basis of interstitial fluid glucose readings. Key opinion leaders are talking about it from the podium today and we feel extremely well positioned to lead the way. Thank you. We will entertain questions. 
Operator:
Matthew OBrien  William Blair:
Jess Roper:
Matthew OBrien  William Blair:
Jess Roper:
Matthew OBrien  William Blair:
Terry Gregg:
Matthew OBrien  William Blair:
Steve Pacelli:
Matthew OBrien  William Blair:
Operator:
Thom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray:
Terry Gregg: The first question with regard to the SEVEN Plus, Tom, we will introduce that shortly in terms of everything that's being shipped out of here from this point forward is a SEVEN Plus system. There is an upgrade program that will allow, at least from a sophomore standpoint, in terms of the attributes of it, a backward compatible download. We are FDA approved for a web enabled download system, so patients will be able to utilize that. There will be a requirement for a new transmitter. This transmitter has got some new attributes to it that will allow it to expand its communication to a wide variety of products beyond what it does today to our receiver such as other pumps, as an example. But that program will be spelled out shortly as to the upgrade. It is premium priced over the existing SEVEN system, although not dramatically so. But those prices are being put into place now.As far as Europe, we did ship a small amount of product into Sweden and Finland. And we are continuing  we just got back from a European meeting last week and met with a number of distributors. We are beginning to sign those contracts. And yes, we are CE marked for the SEVEN system and we will begin to expand that out as we roll out the rest of the year. We are going about it in a very diligent way. It is not going to be a very large effort this year as we begin to structure things appropriately.
Thom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray:
Operator:
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Adams:
Terry Gregg:
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Adams:
Terry Gregg:
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Adams:
Terry Gregg:
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Adams:
Terry Gregg: No, we are not beefing up the distribution model. What we really expect to do quite frankly is as we leverage our relationship with our pump partners that that distribution will be able to, at least from a field standpoint, in terms of contact with customers that we currently don't call on, we will be able to leverage our partner relationships from that standpoint.
Bill Plovanic  Canaccord Adams:
Operator:
Raj Kalia  Sanders Morris and Harris:
Terry Gregg:
Raj Kalia  Sanders Morris and Harris:
Terry Gregg: I don't think I said the SEVEN Plus is optimal. I think what  and I will take this portion and then get back to the first part. I think my comment had to do with the key metrics that are demanded by physicians and patients in that there is a factor to the product that simplistic the performance and convenience of utilization of it make it optimal or what I would consider maybe another better statement, is best in category, from that standpoint, meeting all the attributes that are demanded by the constituents. With regards to accuracy, there is more data capture. There is less lost data, so from a new algorithm development, in all of these CGM categories, you will lose data at times. It's basically once you turn a signal on or a transmitter on, it is constantly transmitting data. If for some reason the data is noisy, for biological reasons, then there will be data lost in terms of the capture.
Raj Kalia  Sanders Morris and Harris:
Terry Gregg: We really don't, Raj. At this point we are still trying to get the systems in place to measure this. But one of the confounding portions of this, as an example, during that same time frame, a patient may enter into the system as a cash patient. So, lets go back a year. A year ago, there were no  at this time, there were no coverage decisions by any national payers. So if they entered into the system under a cash pay, they would typically be buying one box. Now in that next period of time, four months, six months, eight months, they move from cash pay to a reimbursement. They now may receive up to three boxes of sensors. And so there is no baseline by which to measure because that baseline keeps shifting on us as the contracts get into place. So that's why I'm saying the metric  and quite frankly, we are not spending a huge amount of time and drill down and track that directly.
Raj Kalia  Sanders Morris and Harris:
Jess Roper:
Raj Kalia  Sanders Morris and Harris: Okay. Gentlemen, thank you very much.
Terry Gregg:
Operator:
Shawn Fitz  Stephens Incorporated:
Terry Gregg:
Shawn Fitz  Stephens Incorporated:
Terry Gregg:
Shawn Fitz  Stephens Incorporated:
Terry Gregg:
Shawn Fitz  Stephens Incorporated:
Terry Gregg:
Shawn Fitz  Stephens Incorporated:
Terry Gregg:
Operator:
Terry Gregg:
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Have a pleasant day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-10 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Pacelli - Vice President, Corporate Affairs Jess Roper - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams Ben Andrew - William Blair Amy Sullivan - Piper Jaffray Mimi Pham - JMP Securities Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company Shawn Fitz - Stephens Incorporated
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to todays DexCom [Third] Quarter Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Terry Gregg. Please go ahead.
Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, and welcome today to our third quarter investor conference call. Joining me today are Jess Roper, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Pacelli, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. I will ask Steve to lead it off by addressing the Safe Harbor requirements.
Steve Pacelli - Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thanks Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect managements expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance, and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Terry?
Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Steve. As always we will go through a financial review by Jess. We will talk about the Edward's collaboration that we announced shortly before the start of this meeting, a commercial and reimbursement update, give a brief insight into our insulin pump partnership, a clinical and regulatory update followed by a summary and conclusions and then we will open it for Q&A. Jess?
Jess Roper - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Terry. DexCom reported product revenues of $1.9 million for the third quarter of 2008 compared to $1.2 million for the same quarter in 2007, an increase of 53%. Sequentially, product revenues remain flat compared to the second quarter of 2008. During Q3, we sold approximately 777 system starter kits. Sequentially, sensor revenues were down 5% from Q2 as total kit revenues were up 5% from Q2. Total revenue for third quarter of 2008 was $1.9 million and included a small amount of development grant revenue associated with our joint development agreement with Animas Corporations entered into during Q1. Cost of sales for the third quarter of 2008 totaled $3.8 million, compared to $3.1 million for the same quarter in 2007. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume and approximately 260,000 in development cost of sales. The increase in product cost of sales relating to additional product sales was offset primarily by increased manufacturing absorption. Our gross margin loss for the third quarter of 2008 was 1.9 million, which remained flat as compared to the same quarter in 2007. Research and development expense increased by $1.7 million and totaled 5.4 million for the third quarter of 2008 compared to 3.7 million for the same quarter of 2007. Major elements of increased R&D expense included additional external development costs, facilities costs, and supply cost. Sequentially R&D costs increased by about 600,000 from Q2 due primarily to additional external development cost less supplies, as we continue with our in-hospital efforts. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled 6.2 million in Q3 of 2008 compared to $5.9 million in 2007. The increase was primarily due to increased general and administrative costs. Major components of increased SG&A expense included approximately 500,000 higher salaries, 200,000 in increased facilities cost offset by 350,000 in lower sales commissions. Sequentially, SG&A expense decreased by about 600,000 from Q2 primarily due to lower commissions and share based compensation. Net interest expense totaled 700,000 for the quarter, compared to net interest income of approximately 120,000 for the same quarter in 2007. The increase in net interest expense was primarily due to lower average balances of our cash and marketable securities combined with lower yields earned on those balances. Our net loss increased to 14.7 million for the third quarter of 2008, compared to 11.4 million during the same quarter in 2007. The net loss for the quarter included 2.7 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share based compensation. During the quarter we invested about 610,000 in capital equipment in facilities to support our business. We ended the quarter with 30 million in cash, marketable securities and restricted cash and had working capital of 22 million. Cash, marketable security and restricted cash decreased by 13 million during the quarter. Cash consumption during the quarter included our twice per year $1.5 million interest payment associated with our convertible debt. I would like to now turn it back to our President and CEO, Terry Gregg.
Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jess. This afternoon we announced (technical difficulty) I am not sure I cut you off. So let me just go back to the last area. We have previously discussed the growing clinical evidence that the close monitoring of glucose levels in critically ill patients both with and without diabetes can positively impact the patient care and outcomes from a morbidity and mortality standpoint. We know that the existing in a minute monitoring methods are not practical for hospitals to employ on a widespread basis. We believe that together with Edwards, we will develop technology to allow clinicians to better maintain tight license to control of patients in an operating room or intensive care unit setting. We believe this collaboration will combine our continuous glucose sensing technology with Edwards leadership in the monitoring of critical ill patients and knowledge of the critical care environment. Under the terms of the agreement, Edwards will pay DexCom up to $36.5 million over the next three years in the form of licensing and development fees and regulatory milestones. Payments will include an initial upfront licensing and collaboration fee of $13 million. Additional research and development dollars of up to an 10.5 million paid during 2009 in the first half of 2010, milestone payments of up to an additional $13 million based on the achievement of certain regulatory approvals between 2009 and 2011. In addition, DexCom will receive either a profit sharing payment of 10% or royalty of up to 6% on commercial sales. Edwards will be responsible for global sales and marketing, which is expected to begin in 2010 and DexCom will be responsible for initial manufacturing. Why Edwards Lifesciences? Edwards has been a world leader in critical care monitoring for more than 30 years dating back to the development of the Swan-Ganz line of hemodynamic monitoring devices for measuring heart pressure and output during surgical procedures and in-post surgical intensive care setting. Over the years, Edwards has introduced a broad portfolio of critical care products including advanced venous access products antimicrobial catheters, disposable pressure transducers and a blood management protection system. In choosing Edward as our partner for in-hospital continuous glucose monitoring system, we evaluated a number of factors. During the development phase, we believe Edwards will bring a strong technical team focused on continuous glucose monitoring in the critical care setting. We believe Edwards has a deep understanding and working relationship with clinicians in this setting on a worldwide basis. We also believe Edwards will bring a strong manufacturing team to help DexCom scale up and refine our manufacturing processes. As we move to commercialization, we believe Edwards dedicated global sales force in critical care is the best avenue to drive rapid market adoption of the in-house glucose sensing business. Over the past several months of due diligent, it became increasingly clear to me and our team that the technical teams operate extremely well together and we expect this effort to jump start a new level of cooperation now that our formal agreement is in place. As Jess reported, the third quarter of 2008 was flat in terms of our revenue and our new patients adds were down slightly from previous several quarters. This was not a surprise to us and it was consistent with comments we made during our second quarter call regarding the shift in our business from a cash pay basis to a broad reimbursement model. During Q3, we continue to see tremendous progress on the reimbursement front with the adoption of a number of new coverage policies for CGM and the establishment of contracts to cover our products including key contracts with Blue Cross of California and Athena. We estimate that today in United States there are over 100 million lives covered under CGM policies and expect that number to grow as we enter 2009. Yet these coverage policies and contracts have actually resulted in a short-term sales challenge. First, we are faced with a situation where our patients and physicians are increasingly aware of our reimbursement progress and are now much more reluctant to initiate a cash purchase. As we mentioned, this is not atypical in medical device situation where reimbursement is becoming more prevalent but is not yet universal. Second and more importantly in spite of these positive coverage decisions, plans have made it administratively challenging for patients and their physicians to demonstrate medical necessity and ultimately receive reimbursement for CGM products. On average, we are now required to collect five to six new documents per patient and submit them as a package to the payor as part of the approval process. Required documentation can be as simple as an insurance card and an Assignment of Benefits Form, but it can also include the previous two to four months of the patients blood glucose logs, a Letter of Medical Necessity prepared by the physician as opposed to a DexCom form letter and a copy of the physicians handwritten note regarding the specific patient. And all of this must be done under the format of HIPAA compliance. Again, this is not atypical in medical device situations where reimbursement is still developing. In spite of these new requirements, the rate of new patients entering the system continues to increase. We believe patient demand for the SEVEN is real and is growing. Over the past several weeks, we have seen the number of successful authorizations for entrance reimbursement increase, and we believe that as the insurance companies gain experience in processing CGM claims they will gain a better understanding of what information is appropriate and necessary to make a coverage determination and ultimately we expect these administrative challenges to resolve themselves over the next several quarter. Nevertheless, in order to ensure DexCom has sustained power to overcome these short-term challenges, we have taken steps effective immediately to reduce our cash burn by approximately 15 to 20% with a goal of reducing cash used in operations on a quarterly basis to approximately 11 to $12 million of the second half of 2009. We are taking important step today to improve our cash efficiency, optimize our internal return on investment, and ultimately ensure we have the resources to compete as a CGM market more fully developed. A quick update on our insulin pump partnership with Animas Corporation. We continue to make substantial progress on the joint development of an integrated insulin pump CGM System with Animas Corporation. Our continued goal is to complete all development, clinical and regulatory efforts with Animas and be positioned to launch our first product during the summer of 2009. But, as you are well aware, the timing of regulatory process is uncertain. We were extremely excited to see the study data presented by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation at the 44th Annual Meeting of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes in Rome in September. For the first time, a truly independent study demonstrated that CGM is an effective tool to improve glucose control without increasing hypoglycemia, a common concern for patients employing intensive management. The 322 person, six-month, multi-center randomized trial included both pediatric and adult patients who used either insulin pumps or multiple daily injections to manage their diabetes. Highlights from the data presented at EASD include: the adult population being the primary endpoint and achieving an A1c drop of 0.53%. The adult and pediatric population hitting their secondary endpoints with patients who either reaching an A1c less than 7%, achieving an A1c reduction of greater than 10% from baseline are achieving an overall absolute 0.5% reduction in A1c. Most importantly, this improvement in control was observed without an increase in hypoglycemia, which is a common concern in intensively managed patients trying to achieve improved glucose control. Finally, while there was no significance observed in patients aged 15 to 25 due to low compliance, patients of all ages or in sensors for six days or greater per week at an average A1c reduction of greater than 0.5%. As the only company with an FDA approved seven-day sensor, we believe we are uniquely positioned to help patients achieve better glucose control. We applaud JDRF of their continued support of outcomes studies in the area of CGM technology and are extremely encouraged by their results. In summary, CGM is here to stay. The data is clear. The study data presented by JDRF at the EASD meeting simply confirms the data presented in each our peer reviewed public studies showing significant improvement in glucose control and outcome. CGM is the first glucose monitoring technology to demonstrate both a reduction in hyper and hypoglycemia enabling more aggressive management of diabetes. The key thought leaders around the world in diabetes are saying CGM will be the standard of care in the next two to three years for broad segment of the diabetes population. Today we are renewing our commitment to the CGM category to patients and clinicians in both the hospital and in the ambulatory space into growing and important invaluable business franchise. With our leadership role and CGM, we must stay the course in building the category so that we will ultimately gain acceptance of our CGM products as the best standard of care for glucose management. Thank you. I will now entertain questions.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). The first question comes from Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Adams.
Bill Plovanic: Great, thanks. Good evening.
Terry Gregg: Hi, Bill.
Bill Plovanic: I will ask few questions and I will jump back in the queue. My few questions it is, number one, relative to reimbursement you mentioned 100 million plus lives covered today. What is your thoughts on timing of getting north of 120, 130 million covered lives, are you close, is this going to be end of 09 relative to reimbursement? And then the second question is on your cash burn. You mentioned, I didnt quite get it, you are reducing your cash burn by 15 to 20% in the second half of 09, exactly what you are reducing it to, how are you doing that and it sounds like you are trying to stretch the money to last through to the end of 09? Those are my questions. Thanks.
Terry Gregg: Okay, Bill. Let me answer those in the order you ask, and the first one with regards to reimbursement and I will address by saying it's always hard to look at crystal ball and determine when a coverage decision will actually be issued. That said, if you remember in January of this year, I stood up at the JP Morgan Conference (inaudible) I thought we would have one national payor by the end of 2008 and weve got four out of the national payors waiting only on United. I cant speak for United addressing this in the next 60 days, but we continue to make good progress not only on coverage decisions but in initiating contracts once the coverage decision has been published. So, I think its continuing to grow and I think ultimately we will have not only the national payors but most of the tertiary, secondary tertiary payors that often times follow the national payors lead. With regards to cash burn, I think I will take it from a top down look at it. As we went out and looked at where we were spending our money, obviously, we have historically been very focused R&D company that has commercial products. So we made a decision having gone through a lot of diligence with the good folks at Edwards to really focus on what was important, whats going to drive near-term revenue for us. And although some of the R&D projects are explicit and we clearly have the best technology out there, our product class now well beyond seven days and clearly has the top hypoglycemia awareness capability and detection but alone the smallest footprint. But beyond that there are other areas in which we decided to either postpone the development from an R&D standpoint or in some cases if necessary eliminate it altogether. The reason that I had to focus on saying less than 12 million, somewhere in the 10 to 12 million per quarter by the second half, we have certain commitment that we have already made to our partners and in filings that we have already committed to the Food and Drug Administration and we need to fulfill those. Those should be forthcoming in the first and second quarter of 2009 and then obviously we will commercialize those in someway but reduce some of that expenditure. The other side of it is today we reduced our headcount effective this morning by some 10% in a number of different areas within the company to again try to increase our runway.
Bill Plovanic: Okay, thats all I have. Thanks so much.
Operator: And next we will take a question from Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew: Good afternoon Terry and Steve and Jess. Maybe talk a little bit about Edward's transaction and kind of how we should expect the cash flow here? Is this the milestones you are just -- can you identify those anymore precisely for us, or is that confidential in terms of the timing and is the R&D like that is spread evenly over I think its basically 18 months that you identified?
Terry Gregg: I want to ask Steve address this, because he was the primary negotiator on our side of the equation.
Steven Pacelli: Yeah, Ben. The way it breaks down its effectively an upfront payment for kind of exclusivity and there is some R&D offset dollars that will basically flow on an amortized basis, on a monthly basis throughout 2009 and into 2010. And there is no specific performance metric tied to those in the sense of you know, it goes on -- I wouldnt call them milestone basis as long as the development is pushing forward or continuing that to make progress that money was coming on a monthly basis. And then the milestone payments are tied to specifically to regulatory approvals and I think without being specific there is some money specifically tied to a CE mark approval and an FDA approval which would be sometime in '09 would be the goal. And then some money tied to a second generation product that the goal would be to get those approved in '10 timeframe. And that second generation would be integrated to Edwards System. We havent released the specifics on that yet.
Ben Andrew: Okay, fine. And then if you think about kind of the dollars you are spending here, does that largely offset your expense for the in-hospital product or are you still going to be absorbing a fair bit by yourself?
Steven Pacelli: Yeah and I interacted, it completely absorbs the expense on the R&D side, plus there is the exclusivity portion, and that may covers -- we have got some responsibilities on the clinical and the regulatory side, there is money in this  in these payments to offset expenses as well.
Ben Andrew: Okay. And that will be in R&D offsets or we see R&D come down, is that right or it will be on the revenue side?
Jess Roper: We have discussed that previously, but its likely that display would somewhere to what we did with Animus and that will have development grant revenues offset by development cost of sales.
Ben Andrew: Okay. And then.
Jess Roper: And then finalize that of course in Q4.
Ben Andrew: Sure. And then Terry the cuts that you made in headcount, can you describe sort of where they were and are there any particular projects or initiatives that that might have generated revenue in next couple of years that are impacted by them?
Terry Gregg: No, the back answer Ben is there was nothing in those developmental progress or programs that would result in any revenue over the next couple of years and thats why we either elected to postponed them or elected to eliminate them all together. I think one of the challenges in developing discipline as the company, there are lot of unique technologies that we were pursuing that were very interesting. I am not sure that given the value preposition, they were worth the expenditure of dollars. So the cut obviously came a lot related to a reduction of those projects. There was some other just general I think tightening of the belt type reductions also as we looked at our business. I would say that as also when you look at the SG&A that we had increased some of the back office situation that we are now challenge with regards to the reimbursement, we have had to address that in many cases just what brute-force. But other than that its just been a general, like I said belt tightening on our part.
Ben Andrew: Okay. And if I can, one last question. Talking about the payers, you know, how come located as if to go through this logistical process with an individual patient and is there something that becomes routine very quickly for payer or is there 250 local insurance payers that you got to go through this process with every single one on a couple of times before they recognize it? So is this national or is this really a local battle, if required to brute-force you talked about?
Terry Gregg: No, it is national unfortunately. I really wish it were local. But as we have looked at this, we unfortunately have been forced into the old pump model because that's what the payor system was kind of forcing us into and so we have resisted as much as possible. We do need to streamline us. Brute force is only on a temporary basis. I would just say that we don't lack patience in the process. We have -- our sales force has done an outstanding job of driving business in through the doors. We've not been able to adequately process those to get them reimbursed and patients in this economy have dramatically shifted from a cash pay to a reimbursement. If they think they've got any chance of getting reimbursement, they will postpone their decision. It used to be just swipe the credit card. Now we are asking patients in that scenario that they are looking at, let's say $200 a month and over a year period when they are also trying to put food on the table or gas in their tank, it's just been a real struggle because of the economy that has shifted over to the reimbursement. And this is just the collection itself. And then having to transmit that information over a secure factors for HIPPAA compliance. And if one document is not in that package or one T is not crossed appropriately, the Letter of Medical Necessity or Certificate of Medical Need does not meet a standard, again you use the number 250, I'll say it's at least that, if not more, then we got to collect that information and resubmit it. It is a paperwork log jam that we are working through as quickly as possible. But certainly and I give a lot of credit to our sales force, we have more patients than we can possibly handle right now and that's been part of the problem.
Ben Andrew: Does the co-pay become a problem for any patients that youve heard about that might restrict uptake in this environment?
Terry Gregg: None whatsoever. The co-pay has been a blessing. I think we have had great coverage from that standpoint. I think it's just getting to that documentation and getting that prior authorization through the system has been the biggest barrier at this point.
Ben Andrew: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Gunderson with Piper Jaffray.
Amy Sullivan: Hi guys. Actually it's Amy Sullivan in for Tom today. First of all, congratulations on the Edwards transaction.
Terry Gregg: Thank Amy.
Amy Sullivan: Couple of quick housekeeping things. At the beginning of the call you mentioned sensor revenues down, was that 5% or 7%? I missed that.
Terry Gregg: That was 5%, Amy.
Amy Sullivan: Okay. And then did you give a dollar amount as far as the total milestone payments with Edwards?
Terry Gregg: On the hospital side?
Amy Sullivan: Correct.
Terry Gregg: Yeah. Its up to 13 million.
Amy Sullivan: Okay. And then you talk about being on track as far as the timeline with the Animas combination there. Does that mean that you are looking to submit before year end?
Terry Gregg: I think we are going through that process right now with Animas and in fact I'll be chatting with them to get an update this week, to be sure. But as far as we can tell at this point, all systems are go. We have a human use requirement. We've engaged that that's on track at this point and active. So unless there is something that we are not aware of, by either company at this point, again I always want to hesitate because this is a brand new product. But as far as we can tell, we are on track.
Amy Sullivan: Okay. And then just two final ones, if you can give us an update as far as where things are at with your work on getting CE Mark. Then I'm also curious as far as how your conversations with payors may have changed with all the new data that was released in Rome in September?
Terry Gregg: Well, CE Mark we have gone through our ISO audit. We have been informed by our notified body that they are recommending both certificate for ISO compliance and certification and simultaneously CE Mark authorization. And so I would expect, I think we have given Q4 as our date previously and we are holding to that date as we speak. The other question you had Amy, I'm sorry.
Amy Sullivan: Just with regards to the data that was presented in Rome?
Terry Gregg: On the payor, yeah. It's just been part of this compendium of data information that we have continued to submit as things get published. We add to our packet of information. I think its  the goal now is for the them to digest it, them being the payor system. And our goal is to demonstrate to them that if you look at the entry criteria for this population that were actually relatively well controlled that in average A1c upon entry of 7.6% and clearly demonstrate in a reduction of 0.5 in that plus if you look at secondary endpoints being met even more dramatically if they use the product six days or more. That information is going back to all of the payors with the  right now, as you well know, most of the companies decision are relatively limited to something about hypoglycemia, recurring hypoglycemia and awareness. We dont think those coverage decision should be as restrictive and this data certainly clearly demonstrate that I think along with the JDRF campaign, public relations campaign, going back to all of the payor system to expand those indications for use, thats where we are at at this point.
Amy Sullivan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next well hear from Mimi Pham with JMP Securities.
Mimi Pham: Hi good evening. In terms of Edwards product, would you be receiving any minimum payments on royalties if for some reason commercialization is delayed beyond 2010?
Jess Roper: Without going into specifics, Mimi that the royalty and profit sharing is based solely on the commercial launch, so the answer in that respect would be no. Again, we have divided this up. There is an upfront element, there is impairment R&D offset payment, probably Im not using the right term from an accounting perspective, but they are funding on a monthly basis as they discuss to account for our R&D expenditures, and their milestone payments based on regulatory approval. If for some reason the approval would delay, those payments would not be payable until that we receive the approvals. If that answers your questions then yes, if there is a delayed approval there is some portion of the milestone payment that would be at risk for a delay or reduction depending on the nature of the delay.
Mimi Pham: Okay. And then, in terms of your 10% of the profit share or just under royalty, is that of the price of just the standalone system? Like if it is integrated into some other system or product, how does that lookout?
Jess Roper: It's based on the disposable sensor component of the system.
Mimi Pham: Okay. And then  just in disposable component?
Jess Roper: Yeah.
Mimi Pham: And then you mentioned just being responsible for the initial manufacturing in that something where you would potentially convert the manufacturing to Edwards, all of it?
Terry Gregg: I would tell you its our present intent to continue to manufacture sensors. Edwards have some rights under the contract to take over manufacturing at a future date, which is where shifts from a profit sharing world to a royalty world if and when that shift for manufacturing would occur, but I would tell you that it is our present intention I believe Edwards as well would prefer to have manufacturing the disposables.
Mimi Pham: Okay. And then a couple of questions on the homely side, can you give us an idea just generally of customer retention in terms of the patients on the SEVEN?
Terry Gregg: Yeah, we have never publicly disclosed the data and we are not inclined to for competitive reasons more than anything, Mimi.
Mimi Pham: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). We will take our next question from Sara Michelmore with Cowen & Company.
Sara Michelmore: Well, Terry, I am interested in getting your thoughts on the JDRF data that was presented back in September in terms of the compliance factor in that data set, there were some age groupings that did better than others which was attributed to some differences in compliance. I am just wondering what your thoughts are there in terms of the impact of the device in certain each group particularly juveniles and what if anything does that mean in terms of device design going forward?
Terry Gregg: Well, certainly when you looked at the, what Ill call that we had a lesson group. I think [Bill Timberland] from Yale summed it up perfectly by saying, my teenagers didnt have diabetes and they were non-complaint as well. I think thats part of this image issue that teenagers go through once, a much greater degree of privacy and thats part of the psychological challenge. I dont think its a product design issue if you look at pediatric group. Obviously a lot of parents are insisting on that. The design is more than accurate. Again, I wouldnt say that there is any requirement for a design change. And patients basically from our perspective, we make it very convenient. If you look at the utilization of six days or greater to have the highest degree of results, all the other competitors have to change it at least once if not twice during that timeframe, we dont. So we, in fact an interesting act though is we have previously said that once reimbursement was in place we felt that that would reduce the reliance of patients using the product beyond seven days. And I think now looking at some of the data we look at that may be wrong and thats nothing to do with the costs that has really to do with convenience of not having to exchange it out and any timeframe we know they routinely use it more than 10 days and I think given the economy, they are probably stretching it even more than that. We certainly routinely here have used beyond two weeks on a single sensor. But the data I think was so powerful, there was a lot of speculation relative to the design of the trial reflecting back on the star one trial that probably failed because of lack of adequate compliance, not because of technology from that standpoint or even protocol design. If you really kind of carve out some of the non-compliance issues in the star one trial, it is highly statistically effective. But from our standpoint, I am very comfortable with the way that the trial was run and the fact that -- again remember at some point starting A1c is a lot harder to get down to a 0.53% reduction than if they were starting at 8.5. So I think the data itself was overwhelmingly positive.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And started to answer my second question, which was related to center frequency and if you tend to sort of take an average, I understand that there is people that do use it for extended use. But whats your best guess in terms of the length of time that folks are using the sensor? And are people using the sensors intermittently in your view or they are actually using it continuously? Thanks.
Terry Gregg: Yeah, I mean thats a good question. I think that patients are using it longer than ever before and we have routinely here a bit more than 10 days. If they can get it out to two weeks, they will. I think you have where we begin to see stretch uses is obviously just analyzing from a cash pay group versus a reimbursement group than theyd be using it a bit longer. But I dont see the  its hard to tell if its intermittent use. If somebody is using two a month, is that one week intermittent users have 100% 14 days at a time. We dont have the optics on that sampling. But in terms of average utilization, we havent seen a change in that in the last two to three months.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And any change in terms of dealing with the physicians and their receptiveness to the product, we talked a little about patients and insurers. Any changes going on on the physician side in terms of acceptance in the technology interest and kind of going through the hassle of dealing with the paperwork, et cetera?
Terry Gregg: Yeah, we have seen a dramatic uptake in physicians wanting to use it. I think once you got your key opinion leaders moving from only the most intensively managed patients to publicly stating all patients with diabetes should be using this as a standard of care in the next two to three years. That migrates into the decile list of insulin prescribers and we are beginning to get more and more request for information, more and more request for training and education at the physician level. So there is no  there is absolutely no lack of patient. I really wish and I am not going to disclose the number because the folks here wont let me, but I will just suggest to you that our funnel is full, our sales force has done an outstanding job. We have sale them from an internal processing. The insurance companies have sale them from internal processing. They are not the physicians prescribing or the patients wanting. We do not lack for demand. Its the ability to process it in a timely fashion but it is our #1 priority.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And what loosens up the lock jam, Jerry, and what timeframe can we hope that things get cleared up a little bit here.
Terry Gregg: Well what loosens up the log jam is just processing more and more processing, just brute forcing those files to go and be receive by a claims adjuster. And I think its going to resolve it self over the next several quarters as I mentioned earlier. Its just -- its not, -- if its going to happen then when its going to happen. Again I can't tell you more distinctly then several quarters we have over the past probably six weeks, saw a dramatic improvement in terms of processing some of that as us, by throwing more resources at it. Some of that is system opening up a bit as insurance companies get a bit more comfortable with the whole process.
Sara Michelmore: Alright, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Next we will hear from Shawn Fitz with Stephens Incorporated.
Shawn Fitz: Terry, just as you kind of drawn your expense, imagine to a similar reimbursement cycle on the pump side, is there anything unique you are seeing in terms of the administrative difficulties that you all are having to process through on the CGM side?
Terry Gregg: Not more difficult, actually less difficult. I see everything happening faster Shawn. And I think the real reason back in the old pump war days, utilization relative to pumps was not directly at the time before reimbursement was not as closely connected to the benefits of A1C improvement. Today nobody disputes that and that was really I think once pumps got reimbursed that was based on that you had a tool in which could lower A1C. There is nobody who doubts that improved A1C is better. I think now we are into a new paradigm where A1C where A1C is a surrogate marker. But it's probably not the best surrogate marker, because if you look at multiple patients with similar A1C's or glycemic variability profile or much, much different, one will be 80 to 150 another will be 40 to 400 and the value of that total glycemic exposures now coming into play. But thats I think still at the scientific level and the key thought leader level of what to do about that, but clearly reducing A1C. So everything, again I remind everyone that in January we went out on a limb to say we thought one national payer would issue coverage decisions and quite frankly we would be from a financial standpoint as company probably and that economy and taken a down turn we would probably be in better shape in terms of the revenue number, because we would still be more skewed towards cash pay. This caught us all by surprise. I never thought when I stood up in January that we would have all of these coverage decisions and contracts in place and then be forced into a situation of data accumulation, manipulation and submission that we are bogged down with today.
Shawn Fitz: Right. And so Terry I guess as we look for way points in terms of adoption curve on CGM there is nothing that you are seeing right now that would make you think that that curve would be any lower, or less of slope than what you saw on the pump side of the world?
Terry Gregg: No, no far, its actually going to be steeper. And I think if you look at even next year was integrated a pump with Animus thats going to drive adoption as well, because thats a lowest of the low hanging fruit, in terms of that intensively managed population. Plus right now you know, I have said historically about 50/50 pump versus MDI use. My guess is today its probably 60% pump use in our population, 40% MDI. So clearly I dont see anything other than a steeper adoption curve as we go forward and more information is even presented from that standpoint.
Shawn Fitz: Okay, great. And then one last question. Just as we look at your customer mix, could you give us a ballpark guess on kind of what you are self pay mix looks versus those who receiving the reimbursement from insurance?
Terry Gregg: Sure. Yeah I can tell you that. I just got this from the sales guys. And a bit ago we were 50/50, we are now probably 65/35 reimbursement versus cash and moving rapidly to more reimbursement less cash.
Shawn Fitz: Okay, great. Thanks for your time guys.
Operator: Next we will take a follow up question from Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Adams.
Bill Plovanic:  Great, thanks. Just a couple of house keeping questions. On the first upfront payment, the $13 million you are receiving from Edwards, is that going to be amortized quarterly? And if so, how much per quarter?
Terry Gregg: Bill, we'll get that within 10 days. We signed the agreement today. Its due within 10 days of signing. 
Bill Plovanic: No. But I mean, how -- how long is the agreement for?
Terry Gregg: Yeah. You are asking how Jess is going to
Jess Roper: How are we going to account for it, Bill? 
Bill Plovanic: Yeah.
Jess Roper: I think its similar to what we did with Animas. Its likely that the upfront three-year the 13 million will be over a period of time that all parties have the rights to update the spec on the product. So we are looking at two to three year time period. We have the development dollars, which will be  we will receive and then we will amortize those on a regular straight line and then we have the final payment of the milestones that will account for at the time of receipt.
Bill Plovanic: Okay. So on the upfront payment probably three years is a fair assumption to make is what you are saying?
Jess Roper: Two-three year, correct.
Bill Plovanic: Okay. And then on the headcount reduction, where there any sales and marketing folks cut with that?
Terry Gregg: No.
Bill Plovanic: So you are still -- how many reps you are carrying and where that is today? 25, right?
Terry Gregg: Yeah. We've got 47 in the field between sales reps and clinical education specialists. Constantly, I think that's sized appropriately at this point with where we are at on the reimbursement and we watch it. We are overlaying where we are getting better reimbursement over the sales territories. Obviously we don't have the best geographic coverage that I would like. Part of that we need to continue to leverage our partners in terms of both Animas, Insulet and potentially other partners in that same skew, but at this point I don't look to change to size the sales force any differently. On the marketing side, one of the things that we do need to do, and we are - part of our development is to and we really haven't had until Claudia Graham came on board last month, or September now, we didn't really have much of a marketing department to speak of. And I think that that's - we just couldn't find the right people. I won't say how long I chased her, but sufficed to say that that she was on my radar screen. In any event we need to improve in that particular area with regards to branding and messaging.
Bill Plovanic: Okay. And then Jess, the restricted cash on the balance sheet, it went up significantly its close to $5 million. What exactly is that for and why is that restricted?
Jess Roper: It did. It went up from about $914,000 at year-end to over 5 million what you see now, and that is for the - to secure the equipment lines that we have. We have two equipment lines from one single lender. And as that is repaid, approximately a little under $200,000 per month or a little under $600,000 per quarter falls off that restricted cash balance.
Bill Plovanic: Okay, so it's just coming off of it. And then as we look obviously the capital markets are challenging these days and congratulations on the deal with Edwards. It gives you some more cash in the bank. I mean, just looking at what you started with, and what you have added and what your current burn is, you have probably somewhere at the current burn, even when you start dropping it down a little about three to four quarters of cash. What's the strategy at this point to when you get to the end of '09 and into 2010 to bolster the balance sheet?
Terry Gregg : That's a great question. Obviously we are in constant communication with our Board of Directors on that, Bill. And at this point I would have to defer any discussion. The Board has asked us not to comment on that.
Bill Plovanic:  All right, thanks, Terry. I appreciate it. 
Terry Gregg : You bet.
Operator:  And we have a follow-up question from Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew: A couple of quick things. Terry, maybe talk about the back office staff you have got in terms of if you can, number of people and how well sized is that for patient growth over the next year? And a related question and I guess maybe even answer first, would be given the backdrop, what should we expect patient adds to grow sequentially for few quarters or is going to take that long before you think it actually starts to get back up to 1,000 plus patients per quarter?
Terry Gregg: Yeah, I mean, you are right, I should  Ill answer the second part of the question first. It certainly over what we did in the third quarter, we did SEVEN, SEVEN, SEVEN. I will tell you that we had a far greater number in Q than that number that we processed. I cant describe how many more, but it was significant. I would hope to be able to get, if its the last six weeks are any indication of at least a bit of break in log jam then I would hope sequentially then that we are able to do better, but right its too early to really go out on too much of a limb to say that absolutely. I still think its a couple two to three quarters away that we completely get it down and get it processed. We are not  again we are not lacking. One of my biggest concern is we are working through the backlog now, but we are still getting patients in each and every day and so, they are adding to the backlog. Unfortunately we are still not at a point that we are processing them as fast as I would like us to. Some of it is our system, some of it  a lot of it is that the third party payer level that  and remember we also have to use [DME] suppliers in cases where we dont have a contract for the particular payer yet and they do, they are in network system. So add to that the complexity of  take all of those information that we normally would submit to a payer and actually submitting it to the other third party for them then to process with the payer. So its pretty complicated right now, I dont really want to go into staffing. It just equates I think we are adequately staffed in that particularly arena right now, its a matter streamlining. We have to become more efficient than we are today, and its more efficient not only on our side but also on the receiving end from the payer standpoint that they understand what these packages and they can turnaround. Remember who gets these packages, its a claims adjuster who is looking out a formulary document and saying, (inaudible) and if it get rejected for any reason whatsoever we go to appeal. So right now its at the early stages and we are having to work through a complicated issue right now. Again given my history and having gone through this previously in the pump world, its solvable, its frustrating, our sales force is frustrated because they are doing everything we ask them to do, but we are just continuing to force if there is a system thats necessary. We do send sales forces into clinics to collect paper rather than selling, they are not happy with that, but thats the way we have to do to clear the long jam, periodically we will send them in.
Ben Andrew: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions in the queue and I will now turn the conference over to our host for any closing or additional remarks.
Terry Gregg: Well, again, thank you for joining us today. Obviously, a very exciting time for DexCom. We believe that the partnership with Edwards allows us to take our technology into another particular area of glycemic control that is in reality far greater than our ambulatory world because the condition is called stress hypoglycemia, now it should relatively stable patient, have an inability to control their glucose levels and have to be instituted on intensive insulin therapy in order to stabilize them and the resulting better outcomes in morbidity and mortality, provide us with a unique opportunity. We believe we have the best system and Edwards certainly has looked at all the players in the space and chose us, because they too believe we have the best system. On the ambulatory side, we are making great strides and progress. Its not without its frustration as we go through this, but the adoption is where we predicted it would be and it will be even north of that, but its a back office devils in the details that we are dealing with at this particular point in time, but there is a great future ahead of DexCom and thanks again for listening to and supporting us.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call. Thank for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Pacelli - Vice President, Corporate Affairs Jess Roper - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company Mimi Pham - JMP Securities Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams Steve Ogilvie - Thinkpanmure Suraj Kalia - Sanders Morris Harris
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to todays DexCom Second Quarter Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that todays conference is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Terry Gregg. Please go ahead, sir.
Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator and thanks for joining us today for the second quarter update. Joining me today is Steve Pacelli, our Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Jess Roper, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and start off with Steve on a Safe Harbor review.
Steve Pacelli  Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect Managements expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance, and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Terry?
Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer: On the agenda today, customary order, financial review by Jess then Ill go into the update for commercial and reimbursement and hospital partnership and insulin pump partnership, development and regulatory update, close it out with summary and conclusions and then we will have a Q&A. Jess?
Jess Roper  Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Great, thank you, Terry. DexCom reported product revenues of $1.9 million for the second quarter of 2008, compared to $863,000 for the same quarter in 2007, an increase of a 125%. Sequentially, product revenue increased by 6% in the first quarter of 2008. During Q2 we sold approximately 1,057 system starter kits. As of Q2 2008, we have upgraded approximately 600 first generation three-day customers to our second generation seven product. Sequentially, sensor revenues were up 15% from Q1. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2008 was $2 million included a small amount of development grant revenue associated with our joint development agreement with Animas Corporations entered into during Q1. Cost of sales for the second quarter of 2008 totaled $3.4 million compared to $2.9 million for the same quarter in 2007. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume and approximately $250,000 in development cost of sales. The increase in product cost of sales relating to additional product sales was offset by lower direct labor costs and increased manufacturing absorption. Our gross margin loss for the second quarter of 2008 was $1.4 million compared to a loss of $2.0 in 2007. Research and development expense increased by about $800,000 and totaled $4.8 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to $4 million in the same quarter of 2007. Major elements of R&D expense included increased facilities costs, clinical trial costs and consulting fees. Sequentially R&D costs remains flat from Q1. Selling, general and administrative expense totaled $7.2 million in Q2 of 2008 compared to $5.5 million in 2007. The increase was primarily due to increased sales and marketing costs. Major components of the increased SG&A expense included approximately 550,000 higher share based compensation, 233,000 in increased trade show costs and 231,000 in additional sales commissions. Sequentially, SG&A expense increased by about 826,000 from Q1 due primarily to additional marketing and trade show related costs. Net interest expense totaled 619,000 for the quarter compared to net interest income of 204,000 for the same quarter in 2007. The increase in net interest expense was primarily due to lower average balances of our cash and marketable securities combined with lower yields earned on those balances. Our net loss increased to 14.1 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to a 11.3 million during the same quarter in 2007. The net loss for the quarter included 2.8 million in non-cash expenses centered primarily in share based compensation. During the quarter we invested about 400,000 of capital equipment in facilities to support our business. We ended the quarter with 43 million in cash, marketable securities and restricted cash and had working capital of 34 million. Cash and security balances decreased by 13.3 million during the quarter. The increased consumption of cash during the quarter as compared to prior quarters was primarily due to increased sales activity and marketing cost, additional inventory and payment towards annual insurance premiums. In anticipation of moving all of our manufacturing operations to our new facility and to meet forecasted sales we increased our inventory levels to about 2.8 million. This represented an increase of about $1 million from the prior quarter. We do not expect any significant increase in inventory in the near future. I would like to now turn it back to our President and CEO, Terry Gregg.
Terry Gregg - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jess. The second quarter of 2008 represented yet another quarter of sustained sequential growth for DexCom. As we look to the second half of 2008, we continue to see momentum building on the reimbursement front and more than ever we believe broad based reimbursement for CGM will be a key driver of increased sales going forward. We were extremely to announce last week that we have entered into a contract with Blue Cross of California. This contract will enable us to process claims on behalf of qualified patients throughout much of the Anthem Blue Cross network not just those patients residing in California. We are also pleased to learn in early July that Anthem has adopted a positive coverage decision for continuous glucose monitoring and we are in the final stages of contract negotiation with that now. While the coverage policies adopted to-date are limited in scope we believe these policies are an important first step to achieving broad base coverage for CGM as a category. And while we are extremely about the progress we have made on the reimbursement front to ensure the long term success of our business, we believe these all initial coverage policies may actually present a short term sales challenge. To-date our CGM business has largely been a cash pay model with patients purchasing the seven system and disposable sensors with their credit card and any reimbursement received by these patients was largely on a one-off basis. Now, we are faced with the situation where reimbursement is accelerating and patients and physicians who are aware of this are becoming much more reluctant to initiate a cash purchase knowing that reimbursement maybe just around the corner. This is not a typical and medical device situation where reimbursement is becoming more prevalent but is not universal yet. As more third-party payers issue coverage decisions and DexCom enters into contracts with these payers we expect this challenge to resolve itself. In addition we continue to caution that even as payers adopt coverage policies and we enter into contracts, it will take time for patients and their physicians to learn about these coverage decisions demonstrate medical necessity and ultimately receive reimbursement for their CGM products. Nonetheless the recent decision by adding that reinforces our belief that other large payers will be forced to adopt coverage policies for continuous glucose monitoring or risk losing to compete in an insurance plan. As we work to define our commercial strategy for the balance of 2008 and look out to 2009 we are pleased to announce the appointment of two new members of the executive team who will be joining us in September both have worked from it previously. [Claudia Graham] will join us as Vice President of marketing responsible for all aspects of DexComs marketing effort. Claudia has extensive experience in the diabetes space. I initially hired Claudia in 1999 Park Davis to lead our marketing as insulin pumps were gaining traction in adoption and reimbursement. She remained with Medtronic MiniMed post acquisition and expanded her role to Vice President, Global Therapy Access. On the international front, [Peter Gare Hudson] will join us as Vice President of International Business Development where he will be responsible for the expansion of our business outside of the United States. Peter has spent 23 years in a number of global leadership positions with Nova Nordisk, while I was there at MiniMed, Peter ran our business in Scandinavia for five years before returning to Nova post acquisition about three years ago. These two individuals are season professionals with their significant presence in diabetes on a global basis. I feel very fortunate they are rejoining me to help lead DexCom as we expand our business across the globe. We also announced today the departure of Rod Kellogg, our Vice President of Sales and note that on an interim basis I will assume responsibility for the DexCom sales organization and I expect to work closely with Claudia as we refine our messaging going forward. Our mission for the balance of 2008 is simple. We must continue to educate physician and diabetes educators on the need to reduce glycemic variability and patients with the utilization of CGM. As I have stated previously we are closely evaluating the size of our sales force and as reimbursement expands we will strategically address our sales coverage and adjust accordingly. We must refine our messaging further to educate patients on the benefits of continuous glucose monitoring. Shortly, we will be introducing a new patient centric web portal and patient tutorial to assist patients in better understanding the value of CGM. We must also continue to educate the private payer community on the role of CGM and assisting patients to better manage their glucose excursions and we must work to obtain additional coverage decisions for CGM and enter into contracts with payers to reimburse our products. We continue to see reimbursement as one of the key challenges to achieving widespread adoption of CGM although we are extremely pleased that several significant national payers have taken the lead in adopting positive coverage decisions, we reiterate that it will take time for this and other positive coverage decisions to filter down to patients and physicians and translate into sales and it will take time for DexCom to secure contract with these payers as coverage decisions are released. I want to move on to the discussion on the in-hospital continuous glucose monitoring system. We continue to be extremely and pleased with the rapid development of in-hospital glucose monitoring system, we recently completed yet another in-clinic human feasibility trial in which we were again able to demonstrate prospective accuracy that exceeded the ISO standard with therapeutic use. We continued to make significant advances in our membrane technologies that will allow us to block most common sources of drug related interference in the critical care setting including Acetaminophen. We are on track to complete our development efforts for the first generation product and commence a pivotal trial before the end of 2008. We believe this would enable us to commercialize our first product in the critical care setting by the end of 2009. We remain committed to commercializing our in-hospital product through an established partner with experience in the critical care marketing. In our last earnings call I said that we expected to complete technical and business due diligence and finalize negotiations with the chosen partner within a 90-day period. My primary motivation for this self imposed deadline was to push potential partners many of them are very large organizations accustom them to operate in glacial speed to move more rapidly if they were serious about a deal of DexCom. My statement has had the desire to effect. We are now in late stage negotiations and expect to be in a position to announce the deal by the end of this quarter or early next quarter. Moving on to our insulin pump partnership update, we continue to make significant and substantial progress on the joint development of integrated insulin pump CGM systems with both Animas Corporations and Insulet. Our continued goal is to complete all development, clinical and regulatory efforts with Animas and be positioned to launch our first product during the summer of 2009. But, as you are well aware, the timing of the regulatory process is uncertain we would expect to combine product with Insulet to follow later in 2009. In the interim we continue to work on an informal basis with each of our insulin pump partners to promote our respective products within our target markets. We are also pleased to report that we have filed a PMA supplement for a third generation continuous glucose monitoring system with the Food and Drug Administration. Data from our approval support trial demonstrated significant improvements in system on time and improved accuracy as compared to our current product. In addition our third generation system will include twin doors to complement our turn graph and event entry capabilities such insulin intake, (inaudible) exercise as well as configurable alarms. Keep inline with generation alliterations we continue to make progress on our fourth generation product. We expect this design to incorporate an enhanced membrane system, we have been greater accuracy and be suited for large volume production. Additionally our fifth generation sensor is now being tested in humans in connection with our in-hospital product. Finally, we continue to pursue a CE mark for the seven, we are currently in the midst of isolated and hope to granted a CE mark before the end of the year. This would enable us to begin conducting clinical trials in Europe later this year or very early next year. In summary, I have now been on the job for 13 months and as I look back over than period of time I have seen the tremendous transformation in the attitude of the key opinion leaders on the benefits CGM. At the 2007 American Diabetes Association meeting CGM was described from the podium as interesting technology, probably for the most intensively managed patient with reimbursement at least to the three away fast forward to today and those same thought leaders are now saying CGM will be the standard of care in the next two to three years by broad segment of the diabetes population. They now understand that the value of reducing glycemic variability in patients on a daily basis is rapidly replacing the utilization of A1C as a major glucose control. And reimbursement is here and rapidly gaining traction, we continue to create positive experiences for patients and healthcare professional almost daily hire reports of patients achieving the best ever glucose control without increasing their to hypoglycemia. With our leadership role in CGM we must stay the course in building the category so that we will ultimately gain acceptance of CGM as the best standard of care for diabetes management. Thank you. We will now take questions.
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator instructions]. And first we will go to Tom Gunderson with Piper Jaffray.
Tom Gunderson: Hi, good afternoon. Just a couple quick checks here on what you said. You said inventory, you didnt expect inventory to go up from here but since you, I think raised inventory to accommodate the move and give you a little safety stack, is it fair to assume that it might decrease in the second half, Terry?
Terry Gregg: Well, I mean thats a goal. We would like to be in ultimately time to adjusting the time kind of manufacturing environment. We are not there yet, I mean some of the other items that we had to go forward on are some of our longer lead items, which we increased in terms of that inventory because we are not at this point given our run rate able to take complete advantage of some of our longer lead items. We had buy those in advance bulk in order to get some price considerations but also well those and they translate into inventory. I dont expect at this point to have to re-buy some of those and in the next quarter we will adjust our inventory levels accordingly. But, at this point it was -- as we transition from one facility and bring everything in-house, I didnt want to run the risk of jeopardy of going into back orders. So, I would say we are not going to build it, we would like to kind of bring it down a bit but we are going to keep a watchful eye on it.
Tom Gunderson: Got it, thanks for that. And then, clarification on sales and marketing management, youre going to be interim head of sales, will that fall under Claudias job description or do you still need ahead of US sales?
Terry Gregg: It does not fall under Claudias description. I have three regional sales directors in the field now, two of them have been with me and my formal life ahead of MiniMed I want to truly understand what their needs are in order to be more successful, I think we have done an outstanding job of driving the push from the key opinion leaders as evidenced by my, kind of my summary comments. I think now, its part of why I want Claudia on board in particular and staffing up a bit more in the marketing side is to move that messaging to now what we need is the patient poll and she is specs on at delivering that message, she has done it for me and for Medtronic MiniMed, I think from that standpoint we will continue look at potential candidates but I am not in any rush to go out and hire somebody. I know this business quite well, these guys have two out of three have reported to me previously and so I want to get a better feel with me in the street for a while before we make a decision to go in a different direction.
Tom Gunderson: Okay. And then, last question broader one, it ties into sort of the economy and the paying out of pocket you mentioned sort of this switch to reimbursement and less of a willingness by some to pay out of pocket when they know reimbursement might be coming soon, I understand that, have you gotten anything from the field that tells you that because the economy is tough out there, because this can be considered sort of a medical consumer product in some ways that they are either using the sensor or longer pushing the limits for using it only part of the months kind of thing any change simply because of the cost of it or is it just pretty steady as she goes from previous trends.
Terry Gregg: No, I think obviously is playing and having a bearing on some of those, certainly I will you that today our sensors are the most reliable that they have ever been in the history of this company thats both obviously excellent news from the standpoint that our technology is best thats on the market. The other side of that is there are using a longer, when we look at, its not uncommon now, we use to say 7 to 10 days Im saying probably the average is north of that. So, we are not getting re-order, we do in a large portion of population when we look at re-orders we know they are using 24/7 from that standpoint, others are using them empathetically, we do have a decent business with physicians that have acquired the hardware, the durable, now quick patients on to test and allow the patients to utilize the products for a couple of weeks. So, we have got a number of different categories. But since, as you described it a bit elective, we do see a bit of that, we are asking patients once they have acquired the durable piece to spend in the case if they dont have reimbursement upwards $2,000 and I think that they are looking at the economy and their durable spending just like anybody else, I think as we move more towards the reimbursement model their resistance to that diminishes accordingly. But there are significant group of people who regardless of the economy way they have got to utilize the product 24/7 and that value proposition is something that in terms of messaging tone that there is a reason that they do that and they have found great benefit to justify their utilization. Obviously we have got to message that more appropriately to the rest of the diabetes population.
Tom Gunderson: Got it, thank you.
Operator: And moving on from Cowen we will go to the Sara Michelmore.
Sara Michelmore: Yes, thank you. Terry you talked a little bit about sales and marketing staff, can you talk about to the organization that focuses some of these reimbursement issues whether the focus involved in contracting or educating payers, can you just describe the evolution there in terms of the staffing?
Terry Gregg: Sure. Lets look at it from the first part and thats the external grew that reports Steve Pacelli, they are still out in the field, they are staffed by three individuals who are professional in the managed care arena and they continued to call on the third-party payer system they are the ones get to the point of the contract and then of course, obviously Steves group internal, the inside group we have here negotiate the terms of the contract. On the reimbursement side thats one if you look at the increase in expenses on the sales side we really flow that through and we have had to increase the staffing on that quite frankly on the reimbursement side as we move to more contracting we are going to have to continue to be sure that we have adequate staff remove that whole distribution cycle from as an example from one of our DME suppliers once we have a contract in place then these patients still have to undergo prior authorization. But that is done by us. So, that means that paperwork comes in to us, the group inside has to process that paperwork back to the managed care provider and once we then have prior authorization we can ship product going that will get paid from the third-party payer and 45 day to 60 day kind of timeframe. But that does require a back office support system that we are building. None of that existed here. A year ago none of it existed. So, we are building that as part of the overall organizational structure as we move forward commercially.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And in terms of the coverage policies I guess, it does seem that a lot of these first past coverage policies are for infrequent or perhaps intermittent use of the devices and I am just wondering what you think its going to take those policies to the next level in terms of broader coverage and continue with uses that devices were initially conceived to be used?
Terry Gregg: Well, I dont think they are intermittent, Sara, I would classify them, they have specific policies for continuous use and actually if you are to talk about intermittent use there is another whole diagnostic capability of these product that we could obviously explore with the physician population and certainly even in other diabetes related, gestational diabetes as an example, things that we have actually engaged in clinical trails on that, I really havent addressed during this call. But as we look at the types of coverage it has comments like recurring hypoglycemia and things of that nature I would say that when we look at data point our patients and every patients effected with diabetes have episodes of recurring hypoglycemia established by the policies. So, I think although those are the target because they are the most achieved in terms of the implications you also notice that none of the coverage decisions have anything to do or any criteria related at this point to A1C. so, its quite a broad policy what we have to do is try to make the physicians understand we done well at the key opinion leaders, we now need to message to that next tier of healthcare professional about the benefits of it as far as the policy coverage there is ample to cover very large portion of the diabetes population.
Sara Michelmore:  And you talked a little bit about international business can you just remind us what your latest thoughts are and how you plan to develop that business space during that youre not conceiving doing a large direct build out, but if you could just give us a thought of where you head?
Terry Gregg: Sure. Obviously Peter has worked for me in the past, who ran our Scandinavian operations and is broad based throughout Europe, Middle East and Africa which is domain for Nova Nordisk. So, what we intend to do right now we are looking at in two different ways one do something what they are very large multinational company, who already has a number of feed on the street and those discussions are ongoing and you can think of who they are in that world. Or secondly, we have approached now, I think the number is somewhere close to a 100 different distributors throughout the world that have made enquiry about the opportunities to distribute our products in a wide domain obviously we are in those discussions. There is a large meeting occurring next month in Rome, European Association for the study of diabetes, Peter and I and others are pretty much booked solid with a number of potential distributors and also engaged with key physician in each of those countries that already have some relationship with the distributor, they have made introductions. So, we will go about it one or other way of combination of both but we are not going to hire a direct sales force.
Sara Michelmore: Great. And it sounds like we could get some visibility and what you plan to be there by the end of the year?
Terry Gregg: It hinges on our successful migration through this ISO certification and when we say we are literally in the middle of it, it started yesterday has been tended to end tomorrow. So, assuming we pass that then we would apply for CE mark, we would get that hopefully in the fourth quarter and begin putting in the mechanism in place which allows us then the market approval to go into the EU, obviously we are looking at only a handful of countries in EU that we believe where reimbursement is such that would necessitate or be worthwhile for us to enter in the first year. We are talking typically those would be the UK obviously, Germany, France, The Netherlands, possibly some of the Scandinavian countries.
Sara Michelmore: Great thank you, Terry.
Operator: And moving on we will go to Mimi Pham with JMP Securities.
Mimi Pham: Hi, good afternoon. Regarding [IBT] are you seeing them in the top IBT centers that youre in during the second quarter and can give us sense of their helping and developing the US market and convert additional thought leaders to CGM?
Terry Gregg: Mainly they have not had much of a presence, they have no sales force, they are using Smiths to distribute the product and some of the traditional DME suppliers. But, we have not seen as active and effort on their part, I talked physician its very spotty as to their availability of product and so I think they have done some target introduction that hopefully has a -- it always, as I have always cautioned everyone going from an R&D environment to a production environment is never linear and I think that most companies stumble a little bit when they move from R&D to a production. So, they want to limit their exposure, I think the other and I cant for IBT but I was going to say that product was originally attempted to be filed with the FDA back in 2003, it probably needs some upgrade to their product in order to be more competitive with the two products that are currently in the market.
Mimi Pham: Okay. And then, the current coverage decisions being somewhat in scope, can you give us your estimate of what percent of the diabetics in US you feel that they get back the current coverage criteria?
Terry Gregg:  Well, I mean I would tell you that based on the data that I have seen wide variety of clinical trials north of 95% and if you look at how many patients go below 70 on a daily basis, probably most patients. How many go about 250? Most patients. So, its wide continuing a problem with A1C as an example as a target marker patients will attempt to do their best efforts to get below 7 because thats what ADA has established as a goal, when they get there and still running 40 to 400 so unfortunately as they try to drive their A1C down to an acceptable level, they also increase the risk of hyperglycemia because the band just moves down. And so, I would say that an over running majority of patient would qualify under the condition set forth by these coverage decisions by the national payers.
Mimi Pham:  Okay, Im sorry but I thought it was limited, but it sounds like --?0
Terry Gregg:  I dont think its limited at all, I think its just the office that, Im very comfortable with the coverage decisions that have been issued, I think theyre great theyre actually more expansive than I would have estimated and predicted earlier, when I said I thought the first one, first coverage decision would come in Q4 08 and I said back even in January that I thought it would be very limited and in fact, they are much more expenses then I thought.
Mimi Pham:  And, then the last question that three day our [STS3] having yet approved to the seven, have you actually gone back to each of them to see if they are interested in the seven and then is it something where you know as you get more national coverage you have their contact information go back to and reference to them to see if they are just in buying seven?
Terry Gregg:  We reached out to them to the extent that we provided some upgrade opportunities for them, I would say at this point if they havent upgraded, that be their last interest potentially they have migrated to possible Medtronic with the pump or that they are now at this point. We always have the opportunity to go back to them, I think given more right now we need to focus more on new patients then the remaining patients are former STS3 patients.
Mimi Pham:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  And moving on, well go to Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Adams.
Bill Plovanic:  Great, thank you good evening.
Terry Gregg:  Did you change your name Bill.
Bill Plovanic:  Off course not, okay. Just in terms of coverage that you gotten a lot of coverage thus far much faster than expected or there any major payers or any surprises you could see in the back half of this year. I know that you have been saying that I think by the end of next year kind of everything will be in place, but where do you kind of think will be at the end of this year and maybe mid next year, just saying milestones by the majors payers coming?
Terry Gregg:  Yeah, we know were under going test assessment, couple of the national payers, assuming that it gets through the process. I would expect at least one more this year, as within the last five months of the year. I could be surprised to listen I dont have the right crystal ball, and earlier this year I said, first one in Q4, we got two now. So, I think everything is just happening a bit faster then we predicted because I think the number one, the numbers of claims being process has increased dramatically at those payers, I think if those payers have also had to go to external review, they are spending money for those external reviews and the last to lot more those reviews, than ever one that causing them to take a second thoughts, I think you could probably see another one for the end of the year.
Bill Plovanic:  Okay. And then, any thoughts on the JDRF data that if youre going to be coming out of ADE this week or be the EASD in Rome, what thought you may have on that?
Terry Gregg:  Yeah, Im sure that first time youre going to heard from the podium is going to be EASD I dont hear anything from JDRF at this point, but there will be an early announcement that ADE this week. They are very tight lipped about the results I have talked some of the trial investigators and they are not even given me a link or a nod as to (inaudible). We do know that in terms of looking at time spent in target zone that were very happy with that, thats the secondary endpoint and we dont have optics on the primary endpoint. Other than that its an interesting development though because the more we talk about A1C the less, universally accepted it is in fact, and we are going through now an issue with the scientist who dont want to use A1C at all they want to now glucose exposure and trying to come up with yet a new number. So, I dont know how thats all going to teeth out in terms of utilization of A1C anyhow though, I think its more press, its a lot more important. I think you have seen the coverage decisions that are being made today by the reduction of time spent in hypoglycemia and more time spent in Uglycemia are target zone.
Bill Plovanic: Terry. I am sorry and then last years, you talk about the Gen4 being more manufacturable does that mean that you would expect the gross margins on that product in more of the 75% or is that how you get to a 75% gross margin at scale. 
Terry Gregg:
 :
Operator:  And, moving on from Steve Ogilvie with Thinkpanmure.
Steve Ogilvie:  Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions. First, just kind of wondering if the JDRF data is in, as we hope, as you hope what DexCom response for if there is some sort of contingency plan and then the second question would be if could talk about headcount and how thats changed in the 13 months since you have been in-charge and looking forward if you see any major dynamics, just there? Thanks.
Terry Gregg: Well, contingency with regards to JDRF no I think that if you look at the world of publication not only from my aspect from MiniMed, from Animas there is overwhelming data to suggest the improvement in glucose control as a result from time spent improvement in target zone from hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia and I would surprised if the outcome of the JDRF trial didnt reinforce that they are dozens of studies that have already demonstrated. But, I think the real question on the JDRF trial that has been ventured about is where they reach the primary end point of a 0.5 reduction in A1C and we have the history so to speak of the star one trial from MiniMed in which globally they did not reach their primary end point but I think if you really tease that data and look at patients that have complied new supplier that was significantly positive if you look at the star two trial which was a precursor to their star three trial again demonstrating with proper patients election and representative use, the star two trial for MiniMed was also significantly positive and we dont have the results from the star three trial yet. So I dont know what the outcome of the working a day one see but even if they dont need primary end point, I am not sure that matters any more. They didnt have when the JDRF trial was designed, we still thought A1C was a goal standard and that was something because we didnt have any other standard, with the outcome of CGM we now find A1C as a terrible surrogate marker. So I am not sure how valid it is we are participating in a number of drug trials with our sensor that is still using A1C as a criteria because that whats FDA utilizes for effectiveness, but we [soaks] one sensor data that demonstrate reduction in glycemic variability because they believe that regardless of their outcome as on A1C, if they show reduction and glycemic variability thats going to be more powerful than reduction in A1C because of its lack of consistency.
Steve Ogilvie: And if I could just stall for quick, do you think CMS will be able to look beyond A1C like you are speaking up?
Terry Gregg: Yeah I think so, we have to do that trial as thats age related population that we havent what is interesting and CMS issued a decision with respect to they wont pay for two hospitals for lack of good glucose control; because they recognize that glucose control is important and thats have been a recent decision on their part and we need to understand that better; as what it relates to us but certainly its obvious on a global prospective that CMS understand that number one the value of good glucose control on that setting, and the in-hospital setting which is important and what it means to encourage the hospital sectors to pay more close attention to that which goes well in terms of the efforts that we have got in the hospital sector.
Steve Ogilvie: I am sorry, then just quickly on headcount? Thanks.
Terry Gregg: I mean the bulk of the headcount increase quite frankly has been temporary on the manufacturing side. So, we are gauging that, we really dont have tremendous increase in terms of total number of bodies. I think we have been selective, but we had deficiencies, Steve; we improved an upped in some cases but particularly in the engineering group, I would say weve added some bodies then also in terms of the quality group. As we have moved to ISO standards as an organization, we had to implement better quality systems and that didnt exist before I got here. So, once we got it to the point what we believe we can pass an ISO certification, we got to have sustainability of those processes and validation. So, that would be the primary area. The other area expects to I want to add and the marketing area one or two more bodies than we have today, which today we have one. So, I think that from that starting standpoint, but we are pretty well set other than that. Again, want to look at the sales force that we get greater reimbursement coverage. You know, right now we do not have tremendous geographical coverage. We are expanding beyond the hundred key target plans, but thats not enough, and we are leveraging relationships with both Animus and Insulet. Animas has got 200 people in the field and the Insulet at a 100, but thats going to pump for all then we still think them the eyes are extremely important to us so as we need we will try to leverage where we can, but if it justifies expansion not a huge number, but we will begin looking at in to the territories and what they are doing and are they able to do more.
Operator:  And our final question will come from Suraj Kalia with Sanders Morris Harris.
Suraj Kalia: Hi guys.
Terry Gregg: Hi Suraj.
Suraj Kalia:  Can we just given that part me I jumped a little later on the call, so if you have answered those my apologies, but just given the macro economic environment and if we are doing the math right, given the cash burn in the current securities available for sale on the balance sheet. Can you just help us with what kind of exposure do you all have for those securities and also as a subset of that question. How do you look upon, you know, potential cash raise, given this environment two quarters down the line?
Terry Gregg: Well, I am going to ask Jess talk about the exposure on the securities, which I think we have always been ultraconservative from that standpoint, but I cant comment obviously on any financing situations we review that with the Board on a literally monthly basis. I would just say this and the discussions that we have previously had with the hospital sector; that will and the discussions we are having now and in terms of the, I would say we are in the very late stage negotiations. There is an upfront payment for exclusivity in that which will impact us in a positive way from a cash infusion secondarily the condition there are R&D related payments that, when you look at the expenses that in the second quarter and even in the first quarter. We are spending more on the R&D side quiet frankly on the hospital sector, as we pushed to get that product in to a position in order to negotiated definitive contract. Now I shall and both of those I think there are some mitigation of that. Looking into just anything else on debt securities, I mean they are very stake we dont do anything in a risky on our securities that we use or bet best done.
Jess Roper:  Yeah thats right just to clarify, we have a very short term portfolio and our philosophy is to preserve our cash and capital not try to maximize our yields on those, we havent had any downgrades in securities and we dont hold any auction rate securities, or have any exposure on that side.
Suraj Kalia: Okay fair enough, and Terry on the JDRF trail, you know given that are multiple CGM systems used you know free style DexCom, you are not the Medtronic system; how do you look up on the data as an aggregate. When you use different systems with difference specificities, sensitivities you know, lets see you get a certain aggregate data set. Is there any subset analysis plans specifically related to the DexCom data. You know, because the overall might may or may not give you a positive picture and then you know everyone was going to be slicing and dicing the data and looking separately, how would you whats the thought process in terms of looking at data specifically for DexCom or is that even planned at all?
Terry Gregg:  Well I mean, let me put at this way. We have asked for that data to be segregated out at the time when they have concluded with it so that we can do exactly as you are suggesting. We dont own that trial. All we did was provide product as did MiniMed and Abott so we dont have the authority under that contractual relationship with JDRF to demand that. Again, we have asked I think in an area of cooperation hopefully that they will grant us that request as I am sure MiniMed and Abott would like as well because there are as you stated there is big delta between the different technologies and obviously if there were some reason the other two systems werent performing as well as ours. We would want to be able to stand on our own. Obviously, we are at seven days and the others are less frequent. One of the things that we are doing really attributes that we have that we have a grade with JDRF, we have the ability to look at on time, that time the patients actually look at their receiver screen. And the other companies dont have that ability. So, hopefully our quidpro (ph) type of course we will that information to JDRF, they are download software. So, Im hoping that we will be able to download that appropriately, but no guarantees.
Steve Ogilvie:  And finally, how would you quantify or maybe youll have already mentioned this. How would youll quantify your relationship with Insulet and Animas, specifically related to this quarter and what do you see in the next two quarters?
Terry Gregg: Well, I -- in both of them I only have high regard and my comments on both companies are tremendous I know in particular the good folks at Animas, we need worth weekly either end person or telephonically, teams are highly integrated and driving this product for theyve got lot more resources to bear on this. And the Insulet folks again were actively engaged with Insulet, as well. They had obviously as they moved to utilize the omni pod for our fertility drug with fairing labs. They were concentrated in that particular endeavor and filed on separate 510K for that. So, I think there was a little bit of resource allocation but we are actively talking to them as well. I mean we talked to JDRF in combination with probably those entities about an artificial pancreas program that Insulet is interested in as well as Animas, and both of them used our sensors part of that effort. In both relationships, high degree of complements.
Operator: And that does conclude our question and answer session. Mr. Gregg, Ill turn the call back to you for any additional or closing comments.
Terry Gregg: Sure, thank you, operator. And thanks for joining us today. I just want to point out as we look at where weve been, where we are going. Weve really had an opportunity I think to change the way in which folks 3-diabetes today. Weve done and the industry has done a good job key opinion leaders and now we need to take that to the next level of prescribers beyond just (inaudible) world, internal medicine treats a large portion of this diabetes population and thats obviously a target goal. We talked about you know, the additions that weve added. We need to improve our marketing, messaging and have Claudia to do that globally, we need to move into more aggressive way and Peter will help us in that domain as well as others. But really focused on what we have accomplished based on the expenditures that we have done in the last year since Ive been on board into our third generation filed with the FDA with clinical trial. We already have the best technology out there. I think more importantly as I look at the hospital censoring our effort there. We have accomplished so much when I came on board, it was an R&D project and here we are planning a pivotal trial have been in over a 100 patients now. And weve really done that on quite a limited budget. If you look at it from a global standpoint, we are really two companies. Weve leveraged our technology from both the ambulatory as well as the IBBG and accomplished more than other companies with far greater resources, thats why we are deep in these negotiations particularly on the hospital side. So, Im quite proud of where we are, Im quite proud of the accomplishments that we have made in this 13 months that Ive been on board. So, thanks for your support and look forward to the future. Thank you, operator.
Operator: And thank you. That will conclude todays conference. Wed like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Terry Gregg - President and CEO Jess Roper - Interim CFO Steve Pacelli - VP of Corporate Affairs
Analysts: Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company Ben Andrew - William Blair Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams Mimi Pham - JMP Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's DexCom fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Terry Gregg, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Terry Gregg: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. I am excited to give you an update for the full year 2007. And I'll go through our agenda, but we will start off with having Steve Pacelli, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs go through the Safe Harbor statement. Steve?
Steve Pacelli: Thanks, Terry. Some of the statements that we will make in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements reflect Management's expectations about future events, operating plans, and performance, and speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A list of the factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is detailed under risk factors and elsewhere in our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other reports filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason. Terry?
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Steve. I'll give you a brief idea of the agenda today. We are going to go through the financial review, Jess Roper our Interim CFO is going to present the data. Next, commercialization update, followed by our partnership update, the development and regulatory update, remarks on our in-hospital continuous glucose monitoring, give you a brief preview and review of what we are doing in the reimbursement side and summarize and conclude the call. Jess?
Jess Roper: Great, thank you, Terry. Dexcom reported revenues of $4.6 million for the year ended 2007, compared to $2.2 million in 2006. Sequentially, revenues increased 25% from the third quarter of 2007, and totaled $1.5 million for Q4. We added approximately 840 new customers during Q4. As of December 2007, we have upgraded over 1200 first generation three-day customers to our second generation Seven System. Sensor revenues were up 39% sequentially from Q3. A small portion of our Q4 sensor sales include first generation three-day sensors. We anticipate the sales of these first generation sensors to end near the later part of the first quarter of 2008.  Cost of sales for the year ended 2007 totaled $12.7 million, compared to $11million in 2006. The increase was primarily due to greater product sales, and included additional fixed overhead spending. Our gross margin loss for 2007 was $8.1 million, compared to a loss of $8.8 million in 2006. Research and development expense decreased $3.3 million to $16.1 million for 2007, compared to $19.4 million in 2006. Changes in R&D expense included lower tooling, facilities, and share based compensation costs. SG&A expenses totaled approximately $22 million in 2007, compared to $21 million in 2006. The increase was primarily attributed to $3.5 million additional selling related costs, as we incurred such cost for full 12 months in 2007, compared to lower levels incurred throughout 2006, when we were building our sale force. The $3.5 million increase in selling related cost was partially offset by $2.4 million in lower marketing cost in 2007 Net interest income totaled approximately $800,000 for 2007 compared to $2.7 million in 2006. The decrease in net interest income was due to additional interest expense related to the $60 million in convertible senior notes that we issued in March of 2007. Our net loss was down slightly from the prior year and totaled $45.9 million in 2007, compared to $46.6 million in 2006. There was approximately $9 million of non-cash expense related to share based compensation, depreciation, and amortization in 2007, which was up from $8.6 million in 2006. We ended the year with $64 million in cash and marketable securities, and working capital of $59 million. During the year we invested $3.5 million in capital equipment and facilities to support our business. In January of 2008 we amended our equipment line, which allows us to borrow an additional $3 million for the purchase of equipment in other related items. I would like to now turn it back to our CEO and President, Terry Gregg.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Jess. As we near the end of our first quarter of 2008, we continue to be extremely pleased with the performance of the Seven, our second generation continuous glucose monitoring system. We believe that Seven is proving to be the industry leading CGM product with noticeable performance benefits and greater ease-of-use for our patients versus our competition. We believe that Seven continues to create the positive experiences for patients and healthcare professionals, that we need to build this emerging category. Highlighting some key performance metrics for Q4 and full year 2007, as Jess mentioned, revenue grew 25% sequentially from Q3 to Q4, and was up a 113% from 2006. And adding approximately 840 new customers in the fourth quarter, we continue to see an increase in the number of new patients added in our key accounts. In addition, we have successfully upgraded over 1200 of our existing customers from the STS three-day to the seven-day system as of the end of 2007. We expect to continue to upgrade STS three-day customers during Q1 08, as we look to discontinue production of the STS three-day entirely by the end of Q1 this year. Most encouraging for the long-term viability of the business was a 39% increase in sensor revenues quarter-to-quarter, and a 98% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2006.  As we look to the first half of 2008, we will continue to focus our selling efforts on approximately the largest 100 diabetes centers in the U.S. At this point, we continue to believe our sales force is appropriately sized at approximately 45 field based individuals. However, as we look to expand our region to additional diabetes centers in the second half of 2008, we may expand the size of the sales force slightly.  Additionally we may expand the size of the sales force based on the positive momentum we are beginning to see on the reimbursement front. Finally, we are excited to report that recent clinical trial data related to our continuous glucose monitoring products will be presented at the Scientific Sessions meetings of the Annual American diabetes association in June, 2000.  Two of the studies include a study conducted in December of 2007, in which investigators concluded that patients could wear the Seven safely and effectively for up to 10 days, and a second study, also conducted in December, where investigators evaluated alternate sight sensor placement, including on the upper arm and hip, and concluded that our next-generation sensor performed safely and effectively in these alternate sites.  We have consistently maintained that an open architecture, where by our sensor technology is adaptable to multiple insulin delivery models, represents the best interest of diabetes patients and DexCom. To that end, in January of this year, we announced two separate development agreements, one with Animas Corporations and one with Insulet Corporations to develop integrated insulin pump CGM systems.  In each case, DexComs CGM data will be displayed on the partners pump. In addition to insulin dosing information, patients will have access to glucose trend information, as well as high and low alarms, all in a single display unit. Our plan is to integrate DexCom's proprietary software and hardware design into the partners durable equipment to enable wireless receipt of continues glucose monitoring data by the pump, thereby eliminating the need for a separate DexCom receiver.  Our partners will have primary responsibility for sales and marketing efforts related to CGM-enabled hardware. In each case, DexCom will maintain all revenue from sales of disposable CGM sensors for use with the integrated systems. We envision a powered-by DexCom branding and co-branding of these integrated systems, and we believe this model will result in additional feel on the street without additional cost to DexCom .  With regards to patients and patient support, patients using the integrated system are DexCom patients for purposes of continuous glucose monitoring. DexCom will maintain responsibility for ongoing patient support with respect to CGM, while each partner will be responsible for ongoing patient support with respect to insulin pump therapy. To remind you, these are non-exclusive relationships. DexCom will continue to market and sell standalone CGM systems. Our partners will continue to market and sell standalone pumps, and all parties are free to enter in to similar relationships with third parties.  With regards to timing and product availability, our goal in each case is to move rapidly to capitalize and integrate existing technology platforms to bring first generation products to market and follow quickly with next generation product iterations. In our ongoing discussions with the Food and Drug Administration, we have confirmed that these combined systems will be pre-market approved devices, or in our case, supplements to our existing DMA. As a result DexCom will lead all regulatory testing, trials and filings related to the integrated systems with partner support.  To that end, Animas will contribute up to $750,000 to DexCom to offset certain development, clinical, and regulatory expenses in connection with the Animas integration. Each party remains independently responsible for maintaining an appropriate regulatory approval for their Standalone products.  Our goal is to complete all development, clinical and regulatory efforts with at least one partner, and be positioned to launch a first product during the summer of 2009. But as the regulatory process is uncertain, that timing could slip by several months. Aside from insulin delivery, we continue to explore opportunities for continuous glucose monitoring to be used together with other diabetes drugs and devices to improve the convenience and effectiveness of diabetes management.  We are currently participating in/or evaluating the use of CGM in studies with long active Exenatide, inhaled insulin, and insulin patches, among other technologies. Finally, we have recently become involved in a JDRF sponsored research and development project with ultimate goal of closing the loop. We have long held that the continual introduction of next generation products, with improved performance and patient convenience, are key to the development and growth of the continuous glucose monitoring category. In November of 2007, we received FDA approval to add additional functionality to the Seven, to enable patients to calibrate the system using any brand of approved blood glucose meter, and we launched this feature, which we branded Open Choice, in February of this year. We plan to offer an upgrade to existing patients in the second quarter of 2008. In January this year, we received approval to move manufacturing of our sensor applicated sub assembly to an outside vendor. We believe this will better enable us to scale sensor manufacturing as demand increases, and reduce manufacturing costs over time. We completed a pivotal trial in December of 2007 for a third generation of continuous glucose monitoring system. Results across all trial sites showed performance equivalent to the Seven, and we believe the dataset is sufficient for filing a PMA-supplement. However, we elected to look to delay filing a PMA-supplement, as our analysis determined that our Gen3 Sensor as built for the pivotal trial is approximately 10% more expensive to build, due to increased labor and material, while offering only incremental performance gains over the Seven. Our continued R&D efforts during this quarter have resulted in the development of a modified Gen3 Sensor, with improved performance and convenience, without added cost. We expect to complete small additional clinical trials in early Q2, with a PMA supplement filing to follow quickly thereafter. We are also preparing to file a PMA supplement with the FDA, which will add additional functionality into our Data Management 2 software, including a feature to allow our customers to update their receiver firmware over the internet. Internationally, we continue to pursue a CE mark for the Seven, and to that end we are currently working with a notified body in Europe to review our quality systems and assist us in obtaining a CE mark. We expect to submit our technical file in the second quarter of 2008, and we hope to complete our ISO audit during the third quarter of this year. We attended both the study group on artificial insulin delivery Pancreas and Islet Transplantation Meeting in Austria in January, and the first international conference on Advanced Technologies & Treatments for Diabetes Meeting in Prague last month, where we met key opinion leaders in diabetes from around the globe. We have identified the principles investigators who we will work with to conduct a clinical trial in Europe later this year, and the protocol is currently under development. We expect to start this trial some time after the European Association for the Study of Diabetes Meeting in Rome later this summer. Finally, we are pleased to report that we have completed the build out and have successfully transitioned a large portion of our operations into our new corporate headquarters, and expect to complete the move of our manufacturing operations during Q2 of this year. I'd like to move on to the in-hospital continuous glucose monitoring project. We continue to make tremendous progress in the development of a system to address the critical care market. As we estimate approximately 45% of US hospitals have or are in the process of implementing tight glycemic control protocols to reduce mortality and morbidity in their post surgical patients, we have recognized the need to increase our efforts in this key area for continuous glucose monitoring. At the recent Society for Critical Care Annual Meeting, with over 4000 attendees, the consensus was that tight glycemic control is the new standard of care in the ICU. As recent studies have shown however, the major challenge is the detection of hyperglycemia, requiring numerous additional bedside fingerstick measurements to avoid. We believe that our hospital blood glucose monitoring system solves this challenge with programmable measurements, as frequently as five minute intervals, and preset alarms to detect both hypo and hyperglycemia, similar to our commercial ambulatory system. We are extremely pleased with the results of our latest feasibility trials, and what we have been able to demonstrate, prospective accuracy in a porcine model with a 100% of data points meeting the ISO standard for therapeutic use. We expect to continue development efforts, coming in a pivotal trial and a regulatory submission before the end of 2008. This would enable us to commercialize a first product in the second half of 2009. We believe the most efficient means of commercializing our in-hospital system is through an established partner, with experience in the critical care market. To that end we have initiated numerous discussions with a number of potential business partners about opportunities to participate in the design, development, and commercialization of our system. On the reimbursement plans, we are pleased to note that we are beginning to see momentum build in both the adoption of coverage policies for CGM by third parties, and in their willingness to enter in to contracts with DexCom to cover CGM. We're also pleased to note that (inaudible) covering the three components of our Seven System became effective on January 1, 2008. We continue to receive unsolicited reports from patients and physicians of favorable individual coverage decisions, and our own reimbursement organization is working to build upon these experiences to push for coverage with private payers. We have also recently implemented a pilot program with a third-party client negotiation and processing organization, and expect to leverage this relationship to help our patients navigate the reimbursement made. Our mission in 2008 is to continue to educate the private payer community on the role of CGM in assisting patient to better manage their glucose excursions for hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia. The juvenile diabetes research foundation sponsored randomized reimbursement trial was fully enrolled at the end of 2007, and we continue to participate in this key critical study. We believe JDRF intends release an interim six month data set during the summer of 08. We continue to see reimbursement as one of the key challenges to achieving widespread adoption of CGM, and reiterate that the reimbursement process, as we all well know, takes time, patience, and perseverance.  In summary, we believe we are on a cusp of a major transition to the understanding of the six significant consequences of excessive glycemic variability, not only in patients with diabetes but also on non-diabetes patients experiencing stress hyperglycemia. The key thought leaders from around the world are cautioning that even a single spike of glucose results in an increase in oxidative stress and a cascade of pro-inflammatory agents physiologically.  Continuous glucose monitoring is the only tool that can identify glycemic variability and allow patients and healthcare providers to utilize treatment modalities pharmacologically and mechanically to help patients stay between the lines. A1c is a surrogate market, but not a very good one. Two patients with identical A1cs can have far different glycemic profiles. But without continuous glucose monitoring, it goes undetected.  Our goal is to be the industry leader. We believe our technology is the most accurate over time, as demonstrated by the shortest lag time when compared to capillary blood, and is today the only glucose sensor to be approved for up to seven continues days of use.  Finally and again, we believe as much as ever that CGM will play a critical role in the future of diabetes management, and will be a growing and profitable business for DexCom. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Well go first to Tom Gunderson with Piper Jaffray 
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Hi, good afternoon guys.
Terry Gregg: Hey, Tom.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: I just want to make sure I understood this right. Are you, Terry, did you say that you are moving for a focus on the top 50 centers to the top 100. 
Terry Gregg: Thats correct.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And how long do you expect that to last before that expands out further.
Terry Gregg: We are going to look at it through the first half of 08, and then look out at what we need to do from an expansion standpoint. Id also say, Tom, that, during that timeframe, we are also completing our commercialization agreements with both J&J and Animas, which, by the end of this year, they will have some 200 people in the field, as well as additional work with Insulet, and they will have some more, close to 50 to 60 individuals, in the field by the end of this year. So we really get the benefit of that, obviously, in that endeavor. Although it's not an integrated product, their teams are talking about the utilization of CGM along with their pump therapy, even as we speak. 
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Got it. So they are not going to wait to market until middle of 09, they will get going later this year. 
Terry Gregg: Quite frankly, our team members out in the field are already doing some informal co-marketing, regardless of what management says. 
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: What a surprise. And then help me out with manufacturing. You are going to have the, you will have all manufacturing in your facility integrated in Q2. But then you've got a second vendor choice that you can do as volumes ramp up. 
Terry Gregg: No, what that means is on the sensor side, we will relocate everything. We've got FDA approval to do all of the sensor manufacturing, both all parts, the transmitter, the sensor and the receiver. Our goal has long been to use the experience of one of our largest vendors in order to do the receiver portion that [do it] electronic equipment. So we are going to outsource that.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then last minor question, I suppose for Jess. Cash burn in the quarter was?
Jess Roper: Yeah, we've been averaging about $10 million to $11 million per quarter.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Jess Roper: I mean it fluctuated as low as $9 million.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So 35 to 40 for the year is what we should expect in 07?
Jess Roper: In '07 we are in a $40 million range, but we havent given guidance on 2008.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Want to?
Terry Gregg: No.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Sara Michelmore with Cowen And Company.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Yes. Thank you. Terry, can you talk a little bit, at least in terms of the sequential plan, Terry, you have got two quarters under your belt where you have seen, looks like reasonably consistently, a quarter-to-quarter sequential growth. Can you just, at least, and I know you dont want to put it down in exact numbers, but qualitatively, do you feel like we can comfortably model continued sequential quarterly increases for the revenue line?
Terry Gregg: Yes.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Okay.
Terry Gregg: If we can't, I shouldnt be here.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Okay. And you know, in terms of, it sounds like are almost through this upgrade cycle here. Has that at all been time consuming, in terms of the sales focus there? Should we think of you guys having little bit more sales resources coming out of that, or was that something that you handled without distracting any other sales commercial part of business.
Terry Gregg: No. I think it was something that we handled without any issue with regards to the sales force. I think always when you have a program like that, Sara, you are going to get a little pushed back from some of the patients, they would want to wait. I think we, in order to have the product in their hands, rather than going ahead and knowing that there is going to be a download available, I think our sales folks did an excellent job of convincing patients that it would be better to have the product now, and it would simply be an internet download at a later point. So, I think we have done a real good job in that category.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Okay. And then in terms of the R&D trajectory, here? Shall we think about you spending about the same in absolute dollars that you did last year? Or should we assume that that number is going to be up?
Terry Gregg: I can't give you any guidance on that from the standpoint. We're comfortable with what we have been spending on R&D.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Okay. And the big projects, obviously, in terms of dollar amounts are the hospital glucose monitoring and then the third gen, is that the right way to think about the big incremental dollar costs for you?
Terry Gregg: I would say that, yes. To the one side it's certainly the [IBBG] program. But I would also say, on the ambulatory sensor, we are already in humans with our fourth generation sensor. And we are in animals with our fifth generation sensor.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Okay.
Terry Gregg: So, I believe in strong iterations of development cycles. And so, we are going to continue to pursue that strategy.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Company: Okay. Wonderful, I think that's it from me, for now. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Terry Gregg: Thanks, Sara.
Operator: Question now from Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Good afternoon, Terry.
Terry Gregg: Hey, Ben.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Couple of quick things, gross margin impact of the manufacturing and facilities move, anything we should be looking for there or on the SG&A side?
Jess Roper: We did disclose that we had some additional fixed overhead costs. Right now we do have two facilities. So that has increased the cost for the product.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And will that then normalize after what point?
Jess Roper: That would normalize as we gain, as we have scales of economy in our production. We intend to look at options on our prior headquarter facilities and potentially sublet that out.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. So, you havent done that yet though?
Jess Roper: We have not done that as of today.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And then, if we think about the international market, Terry, you talked about the CE process there. How do you think about distribution and scale of that opportunity in say '09, 2010?
Terry Gregg: Yeah, well certainly in '09, we'll launch the product in that domain. We've got certain centers, we won't be in all 27 countries of the Europe. We're going through the reimbursement strategy now, understanding what that's going to require. We do have target accounts already set up. Given my previous experience, I am currently in the process of interviewing a key individual that might have been previously associated with, to handle our international experience and distribution. So, I would look to, and we have couple of different ways to go, as you know the current relationship with our partners is US only. We can look to expand that, given their distribution thrust, particularly obviously J&J and/or alternatively look at a more traditional distribution where distributors that certainly are well known to me.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Sure, okay. Just a couple of other quick topics, you mentioned that JDRF trials fully enrolled and hopefully they will see a data set out, on an interim basis, over the summer. Can they make ADA in your view, or is this more a double ADE likely target?
Terry Gregg: Ben, that's a good question. I was just with Aaron Kowalski, who is the director of research, their goal is possibly to talk about it at ADA, but until the data is in and they have had a chance to analyze it, my guess is, probably little bit later.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay yes.
Terry Gregg: They are shooting for ADA.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Sounds like it's going to be tight. And then on the reimbursement process, I mean we've had obviously the movement on (inaudible), we've had the lot of the anecdotal experience you got the JDRF trial pending. What do you think the blow-by-blow is going to be, if assuming the JDRF data are positive, as we are go into the back half of '08 and '09 and when we could get a national policy? And is that in fact what you are looking for?
Terry Gregg: It is what we are looking for, clearly. We currently have signed contracts, I cant disclose to you because of the relationship with the contracts, of who they are, the payers, they are regional payers. I think we are continuing to expand that, but I would expect, as I have stated previously, that we have the opportunity for a national payer to possibly issue a coverage decision later this year in 08. And then off course, it becomes the domino effect.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Right. Okay, great. Thats encouraging. And then the hospital product, any thing you can tell us about what you are seeing with the performance of the product, and whats the form factor? Other details, as you flush it out here through the animal testing, that you can disclose?
Terry Gregg: Yeah. When we did our last model, we were absolutely 100% in A, region of the Clark Air Grid.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: A 100%.
Terry Gregg: A 100%. We were totally within the requirements for therapeutic queues, as established by the Food & Drug Administration. And what that means, quite literally is, rather than trend and tracking that we have with the ambulatory sensors, this is therapeutic used at physician and healthcare providers could make insulin adjustment decisions based on that data. That said its in a, its a small number, will be back into human later this month again on a prospective basis. We couldnt be more thrilled with the outcome of what we are seeing in these clinical trials and really a significant progress made in this particular sector. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Have you seen a 100% Region A before telling your experience?
Terry Gregg: No.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. I have not. So thats surprising. And then is there anything you can say about gen four and five, in terms of changes on the ambulatory product or other performance parameters. Is it implementing some of the things youve learnt from the hospital, or is there any crossover there, what are the directional changes you are looking at?
Terry Gregg: We look at it in two different - they cross over to each other. From a standpoint, things that we learn about in the ambulatory sensor with respect to membrane technology, which we really are exquisite with in order to reduce noise, thats been one of the reasons we are able to go out Seven, now 10 days if you looked at the trial that's going to be presented at ADA.  We understand the membranes quite well. So we've been able to leverage that over to the hospital side, because there is obviously a large number of drugs that are administered in the ICU. We are able to demonstrate lack of significant drug interference on the same side. Looking at development work from our IBBG in order to get those kind of Clarke Error Grid and MARD. There are some configurations that well leverage back to the ambulatory side. But right now, theyre both driving each other from - the third generation is more membrane related, Im sorry, fourth generation and the fifth generation is both membrane and electrochemistry related.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Its very helpful. Thanks Terry. 
Terry Gregg: You bet.
Operator: We will hear next from Bill Plovanic with Canaccord Adams 
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Great, thank you. Good Evening.
Terry Gregg: Hey Bill.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: A lots been asked, I just have two follow-ups. Just in terms of the blocking and tackling on the reimbursement front. I know you can't give names but, are you willing to give, number of lives covered at this point, in terms of contract signed, just to give us kind of a yardstick to measure by.
Terry Gregg: Well, I am reluctant to do that, obviously for some competitive reasons. I will just say that we have made great progress. We have, although still regionally based and we need to understand that, but it is really in a very positive direction.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay. And then, I think in the past you've given us a feel for the number of sensors placed or sold in the period. I was wondering if you would be willing to share that data with us again?
Terry Gregg: I am not sure that I have done that in the past. I am getting a lot of shaking of the heads around the table. So no, no. They are telling me no, so.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay. And then in terms of the upgrade, I believe when we last talked it was, I think, [$150] roughly per system. Is that going to continue in the future?
Terry Gregg: Well we are trying to get all of these upgrades done in the next 30 days basically, so at this point we are winding that down. My goal here is to be out of STS three-day production by the end of this month.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay, I guess the question on top of that is, you have a little over 1200 of the 4300 on the three-days that's been replaced, it does not seem like the other 3000 or so you sound very optimistic that those are going to switch over. Or is that kind of the push that we are in the month of January, in Q1 we will see more of those kind of a bigger number as we end out.
Steve Pacelli: Yeah, Bill, this is Steve. Yeah, you hit it right. So the number that we released today was as of 12/31. So we will obviously give another update. We've continued to make a big push here in Q1, and we will wind that down by the end of this month, but we'll give another update, kind of an aggregate. And as we've indicated previously, that we would like to give some more, some additional metrics on the business, we would be a position to do that in the first quarter call.
Bill Plovanic - Canaccord Adams: Okay, great. That is all I had. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Mimi Pham with JMP Securities.
Mimi Pham - JMP Securities: Hi. Good afternoon. Just turning off to Sara's question on sales growth in 2008, do you think you can keep this sequential sensor growth rate in this high 30s, and the new patient adds at the 700 to 900 range per quarter through '08?
Terry Gregg: You know we dont give those projections, Mimi. I can only tell you that as reimbursement broadens, that we obviously feel that thats the number one barrier to adoption. So, it will be contingent to some degree. We are seeing good positive movement in that. But I would hate to predict, not knowing exactly what the reimbursement landscape is going to look like as we go forward this year.
Mimi Pham - JMP Securities: Well, can you at least comment on, does that sound conservative or is that probably like a -- 
Terry Gregg: Mimi, I can't really comment. You guys have to make your models, based on available information. And dont put me in a situation, where then I see it in print and I have to live up to that expectation.
Mimi Pham - JMP Securities: Okay. On the critical care product, can you give us a ballpark per day pricing, I am assuming something premium to the $8 per day for the Seven.
Terry Gregg: Yeah. So it would be premium to $8 per day for the Seven. We havent even talked about pricing with our potential partners at this point. So, I think it is in feasibility stage and we haven't set it that through exactly what our cost would be, and therefore what our end pricing would be.
Mimi Pham - JMP Securities: Okay. And then lastly, is there a way to give us a ballpark number of patients you think you are reaching, potential patients you think you are reaching at these 50 centers that you have concentrated on? I am just trying to get a sense of the 6,000 patients you had so far purchase the STS, what that penetration is?
Terry Gregg: Well, we set the standard that they had to have at least somewhere north of 1,500 Type 1 patients at a particular center to call it one of our key target centers. And obviously, that ranges from that number to well beyond that, if you look at some of the centers that we call on, Joslin as an example, or some of the other larger center. So I don't think we have the total population of patients within those centers that we currently have identified.
Mimi Pham - JMP Securities: Would you characterize the next 50 centers that you're going after to be similar in terms of patient size?
Terry Gregg: Yeah. They would typically now be in, what I'll call, less areas where they are not as concentrated. The goal here has been, spend as much time to train the physicians. Obviously, we think that we've done an excellent job of that, not only domestically but, quite frankly, when we were at the Prague meeting, we were the darling of the meeting, but also I think even more important than that was the concept that glycemic variability is becoming such a common term.  So from that standpoint, that message is now resonating from the key opinion leaders. We need to get that out to really the rank-and-file, who treat the bulk of the disease and so they are at less than those -- what I'll call real urban centers and we don't want our sales folks spending a lot of windshield time driving from one location to another. So we will expand it when it makes sense.
Mimi Pham - JMP Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen, I'll turn the conference back to you for closing remarks.
Terry Gregg: Well, again a great year, we are running hard in Q1. I am very pleased with the performance of the company, and I look forward to updating you at the close of the first quarter of 2008. We are making a huge impact in the way patients are being treated, we are making huge impact in the way physicians are better able to help their patients to avoid some of their negative aspects in clinical locations of excessive Glycemic variability and look forward to keeping you informed thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Have a pleasant day.
